Mighty to Save written by Ben Fielding and Reuben Morgan and performed by Hillsong on their album Mighty To Save.
While looking for a nice pick of taking the plunge…
I looked towards Anita’s
Make the filling: Toss the apples, granulated sugar, and cinnamon together in a large bowl; set aside. Bring the apple cider to a simmer in a 12-inch oven-safe skillet over medium heat. Cook until reduced to ½ cup, about 5 minutes. Transfer the reduced apple cider to a small bowl or liquid measuring cup. Stir in the lemon juice and set aside.
- I say: Now 3 -3 and it seems about fair. Looking forward to see Sam fighting next week.
16) MUMMY WALK (WALKING DEATH) – The Contrails
Meanwhile, back at the GOP ranch, people are clamoring for Condi Rice to be the vice-presidential nominee. That might be a good thing, having an unintended effect. It might finally separate the brain-dead 'respectables' from the few sane people who still, mysteriously, cling to the GOP.
Paul Ludik from the NFCI was quick to dismiss any notion that it was foreign to the planet, saying the metal alloy was known to man and used in spacecraft.
The disgust felt by some Muslim youths at such sexually promiscuous girls can then feed into a more general hatred and hostility towards Britain and the West. Such youths form themselves into gangs bound by a common feeling of being outsiders united by a profound hostility to the society into which they were born.
Even THE FEEDSTORE CHRONICLES, for all of its pervasive comedy, is at its conclusion a love story. Plundered Booty the same. I have recently tried to write 3 separate comedy project where love was not a factor in the plot or theme. I have failed to create so much as a single acceptable chapter on any of the three.
Coming six days after the approval for Flounder Brewing in Hillsborough (Somerset County), Turtle Stone is the second production brewery licensed by the state this year, nudging up the tally of New Jersey craft breweries to 24.
THis SunDay, We are having the first OPen House Gelato ArT/ Video SaloN and we are having it in cooperation with Gary Campbell, at our dream space, Gary's loft on Walworth -which has hosted many beautiful events,some pictures of which you may find here & on www.noumenon9.com , and You are Well Come to come through for 5 minutes or 5 hours.
- almond meringue cookies (by our friend, Sukma)
The urgency of the language in both cases emanates from fear on the most personal level that we as teachers and parents are in danger of literally losing our youth – abandoning them – by not serving them as well as we should; and that we, as a society, on the largest level, are neglecting our mission as adults, forsaking our obligations to the young, chastising ourselves for being unresponsive to what Arendt calls “The New Ones,” the newest generation — new at whatever stage they may be, from pre-school toddlers to college freshmen.
If you think all this makes sense, you can get 51 helpful marketing ideas from Drayton. Just go to www.draytonbirdcommonsense.com and register. Then you can also download a free book of which the late David Ogilvy said “Nobody should have anything to do with the business of advertising until they have read this book at least seven times."
The lobster tail had been poached and sliced, and the claws dipped in a tempura batter and lightly fried. An accompanying salad with cucumber, mango and tomato was dressed with lemony vinaigrette. The aromas were heavenly, even though I had been reduced to eating lobster … again.
Put on the full armor of God so that you can take your stand against the devil's schemes. For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the authorities, against the powers of this dark world and against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms.
Then, maybe I can get off these pills.
May we never be,
“I don’t know,” I defend, but what I should say is, “Well, you develop an instant chemistry with someone when they watch you puke. We’re bonded for life now.” But I don’t . I don’t have to because I am saved by the bell. I won’t see Summer again until after school. I hope that by then she’ll forget the familiarity in that smile.
We also see a large “scalar square” (possibly caused by ISR — incoherent scatter RADAR)
I’ve changed my schedule a little. 1st Sundays is now for the Salon interviews and on the other Sundays, I will be showcasing people who I think have things to say. It’s not that different, it’s just that, instead of me interviewing them, if they already have blogs and such, I’ll just let them speak for themselves. Today, it’s the lovely Bella from One Sister’s Rant, who I found through the very lovely Amber from A Day Without Sushi.
CCP has a Dev Blog post up today that details what was going on behind the scenes for the Burn Jita event this past weekend. It is a worthwhile post and you should read it if you are at all interested in the game.
SLAM MY HANDS DOWN ON THE DESK AND FORCE MYSELF TO WALK AWAY. THIS IS THE ONLY WAY TO DO IT. QUICKLY AND FORCEFULLY. LIKE A BANDAID. EAT. DRINK. NOT NECESSARILY IN THAT ORDER. WATCH BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER AND WONDER: WHY DOES EVERYONE DUMP ON SPIKE AND WHICH BIAS TAPE SHOULD I USE ON THOSE DRESSES. NOT NECESSARILY IN THAT ORDER.
Serve the seitan steak on a plate. Drizzle on the beurre blanc sauce and serve with the Oven-Baked Fries. Enjoy!
Seeing as this song isn’t ‘positive’ it got me thinking of what my class might think of me. At the moment I don’t think they all like me very much (except my friends) because I tend to speak my mind. I like to say my opinions on things and stand by them.
He loves them so much he makes noises like "mmm", when eating them.
4. Tag 12 people and link them on your post.
You can further play around by adding a bit of shadow to the threads if you like. You could add a slight bevel to the threads, too, if you want. Depends on the look you like!
One speaker in particular gave such a rousing and inspiring speech, you could practically see the passion for his work in his body language as he talked about it. He walked around the room, recited poetry, paced back and forth across the floor, and gesticulated his points with wild arm movements. Sure, it was a little bizarre, but it was also awesome. This guy loves writing. He loves words and telling stories, and he’s extremely good at it. He gave us lots of advice, one of which was to read and memorize poetry out loud. Rest assured I went on Amazon last night and stocked up. One of his recommendations was Dr. Seuss, so I’m looking forward to reciting “One Fish, Two Fish” at a downtown poetry slam.
Jenna wrote:
The key to their love and hair-boosting abilities is zinc — a powerful antioxidant.
I thought I’d share a little photo montage of what I’ve been up to the past few days in terms of working out.
2. How we picked Kolbe Academy.
Every few years an Israeli Jewish politician floats a test balloon. He puts forward the idea that the areas where the Arab citizens of Israel live should be transfered --complete with the citizens-- to the future Palestinian state in exchange for Jewish settlement blocks in the West Bank. Those areas are highly fertile lands in comparison with the alternative option for a territorial swap (an empty zone in the Negev); but to paraphrase Golda Meir, they hate the Arabs more than they love the land.
Who you're looking at.
Renovations.
You may have read on some of my earlier posts, I am a diagnosed, text-book case, Hypervigilant Person. It was caused from childhood trauma I had experienced, and was a symptom of PTSD.
The Accountant agrees that Cage can fulfil his mission first and then go back to Hell, which is like reasoning with children at bedtime. He’s just going to keep on pushing it and whining about how he needs to be alive for this, it’s so unfair, none of his friends have to be dead this early, and then Supernanny will have to intervene and put him in the naughty corner. But, okay, five more minutes of decimating Satanists, and then definitely upstairs to brush your teeth, young man…
You must be at least 18 years of age
So, instead of the PM answering her own questions, the Parliamentary Buffoon was deployed once again to answer on her majesty’s behalf. So, let me get the trajectory on this straight….the State visit to India wasn’t paid for by the Indian government as our Government stated (lie 1); the PM did not pay for her sister’s travel expenses out of her own pocket (lie 2) because the Cabinet (made up of good old principled COP members) approved the payments and our tax dollars paid for it; the PM’s sister along with most of her entourage including the relative who carries her luggage, all travelled first class at the State’s expense, not India’s. The majority of the person’s mentioned in the entourage list don’t usually travel first class, but according to Perm Sec Cooper, who beginning to resemble a tick with every defence he makes of this government’s abuse of public funds, Ms Newton’s first class travel status was also Cabinet-approved (you see why Prakash, Roger and Carolyn cyah impress me? What principles?). But then explain to me why Lisa Ghany, Barry Padarath and the baggage handler all had to be in first class? Is so many people it does take to administer medication and help the PM to the ladies room? If so, then why is someone who is obviously so ill and incapacitated in charge of running a government?
I’m looking for an intern who loves to read books for children, especially middle grade and young adult, and is interested in picture books as well. If you’re a fan of books by MT Anderson, Mary Pearson, Nancy Farmer, Gennifer Choldenko, or Jack Gantos; if you couldn’t put When You Reach Me, The Westing Game, or Shade’s Children down -- your tastes and mine will likely be a good fit. This internship is remote so you don’t need to live in NYC, and it’s a 10 hour a week commitment.
Amanda attended his CD launch at Hills Lounge, which we covered here, but chaotic as it was cause of the large numbers of people who came out to support, we arranged for the interview to happen the proceeding day, to which Sumbody drove personally to come meet up with us and do the interview.
Lean into discomfort. I'm inspired by that idea. Oh, and the fact that I'm inspired by something? Means you should brace yourself.
If you are going to offer services, offer something that a business owner needs. Even if it is manual labor, (painting, mowing the lawn, etc) it’s getting money and the impression that you can work and aren’t afraid to scrap the bottom of the barrel to get a paycheck you need.
On February 24, 2011, Ruby was loving all the attention she was getting from her Aunt Elizabeth when she came to visit us. She was also making a super funny face in the pictures. Our little Archer was just a tiny little bean in my belly at the time and was for the most part still a secret.
I’m sure you remember Prison Break. In my opinion, it was one of the best jail breaks of all time after the one in the Shawshank Redemption. True, it had an unrealistic story, but it was brilliant. My love for it was so great that I loathed the directors of Prison Break for not making the main character, Michael Scofield, gay. I am sure he wouldn’t have been that enthusiastic to run away from Fox River State Penitentiary if the stories they tell of prison are anything to go by. The only way to punish a gay man is by sending him to a female prison. In short, it would have allowed the show to last a couple more seasons longer.
Debt Offering 15
What a world, my friends, what a world.
Still haven't been in France long enough to eat this. More time in country required.
Complementing the billboard campaign is a statewide radio advertisement, which uses real audio of McCaskill responding to questions about the private jet issue. Both the spot and billboard are part of the American Crossroads www.TruthAboutClaire.com campaign, and can be viewed and listened to here.
Scripture of the Day: ”Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding. In all your ways acknowledge Him, and He shall direct your paths. Do not be wise in your own eyes. Fear the Lord and depart from evil. It will be health to your flesh and strength to your bones.” – Proverbs 3:5-8.
Now to enjoy this lovely spring day.
- Dance -
The ground is flat; I'll grow more wide;
I sat is groggy silence as I heard the social worker describe the child who needed us. What this child had been through. Were we willing to accept this child? Yes! I then had to wait to make sure the DHHR agreed to us as foster parents and not more than fifteen minutes later I was on the phone sobbing to my mother about how I was about to become a mother and I was scared. Petrified. But I cried mostly for what this child had been through and how brave this child must be to have told teachers what had happened over the weekend. The same weekend my husband and I were galavanting around having the time of our lives this child was suffering unspeakable things. Lord help this child.
Gabby is such a sweet character who wants to help Sophie follow-through on the tasks she starts. I wish all my students had the ability to persevere through a task, especially a challenging one, or even simple mundane ones in order to put forth their best effort. When Gabby whispers the verse into Sophie's ear, it warmed my heart because I know the Holy Spirit does that for me all the time even when I don't deserve encouragement.
So, to continue with detective fiction, firstly with the novels of Nicholas Blake , the pseudonym under which Cecil Day Lewis penned detective novels. His prime detective is Nigel Strangeways, based originally, according to Wikipedia, on the poet W. H. Auden. He’s rather effete I thought when I recently reread one of the books The Widow’s Cruise it was. Still the books are civilised and quite readable.
Children of April you stand up.
Respectfully Submitted,
Bachmann: My campaign chair is an idiot
"In order to prove or disprove Mr. Black's contention that the first settlers on the American continent were from Atlantis, it was necessary that a genuine Indian take part in the experiment," he explained. "Of course, in order to be really scientific, we should have an Egyptian as well; but none was procurable. However, Mr. Black is convinced that his earliest forebears were Atlanteans; so that will have to suffice.
Yes, this is the second post in one day. And I am telling you, it's because of the new supplement I've been taking this week...I have so much energy!! I'm getting so much done, and I feel better than I have in probably years.
In the Needle, Borsten has left the rejuvenation bubble where he was recovering from his last trip to the 2042. A guard enters the room to state that Harris has escaped from the statis tubes. Borsten demands that Harris be recaptured and that he wants his head guard, Brollin, on the job. Another guard explains that Brolin is mourning his father who was a waste-disposal driver murdered by Hex.
Last week, who was in town, ostensibly to clean out his summer place on the nearby New Jersey Shore but Mainely Dad, or as he's known to his friends, Duane.
But it does say,
And what better time than a weekday to slip into a store, grab a few things you need, and get on your way quickly? Parking is no problem and crowds are practically non-existent. Produce and spices in particular can be very cheap. Who knows? You might be inspired to make something you hadn't considered before.
Shim’on HaTzaddiq (<U+05E9><U+05DE><U+05E2><U+05D5><U+05DF> <U+05D4><U+05E6><U+05D3><U+05D9><U+05E7>) was one the Tannaim, but also a Kohen HaGadol, which means that he lived during the time of the Second Temple. According to this verse in Pirqei Avot, he was one of the last men from the Great Assembly.
The biblical passage clearly states that man and woman are supposed to be gods and goddesses because we are the only beings were created in the image of God. For a lot of people this statement is very controversial but the biblical text is clear and other examples can be found throughout the Bible. Such as in Psalms 82:6-7, which states:
2. Tomas Alfredson, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy – This Swede burst onto the international scene a few years back with the excellent vampire film Let the Right One In. The coldness of that film carries into Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy. He crafts his visuals with the precision of jeweler and allows an incredible cast of actors to do what they do best.
I took it out for a trial run this morning while John was at work. After too many days off during spring break, I was nervous about how I’d feel. I didn’t have a milage goal exactly in mind, but I did really want to measure a new route I had tried out a few weeks earlier. The route turned out to be four miles out, and my legs were a tired. I kept pushing through knowing that every mile would help. Mile five felt awesome and was definitely a negative split-my watch told me! (I hate when it takes four long miles to get into the run.) At this point, I decided to take a different route home. The change-up would get me at least another mile, brining me to nine at the end (estimating milage from previous routes). Well, at eight miles, I decided, why nine when I can run an even 10?! (Runners are certifiably crazy.) Ten was difficult, but I really wanted a number to help me determine my current pace while going that far. I completed 10 miles in 1:27. I’ll take it!
Thank you again Jamie!! I loved it all!!!
The next challenge will be on our Facebook page at 8:00 (cst) with Barb Craft.
According to my first impressions, Spanish culture was unhealthy. But I was quick to judge the Basque Country because they didn’t focus on the food groups like Americans do. As I spent more time in Spain, I understood their diet was more about socializing and Spaniards weren’t as uptight about their body image. I soon learned to relax and enjoy the endless bread while I could.
3. LACK'NROLL HIGHSCHOOL
3. Scarborough Fair 3:02
The second single (Dixie 45-1043) is a classic. The flip side, Here I Am Drunk Again is a well known cover of the Autry Inman country bopper. The a-side is a monster instrumental. The intro is all Duane Eddy before moving into Link Wray and Sandy Nelson mode. Does anyone know who the guitarist is? I know a lot of the Starday stuff is Hal Harris but it doesn't sound like him to me. It packs more punch than a jackhammer and if savage rock 'n' roll is your bag, you'll love it.
where you can speak and be heard,
The melodic possibilities of harmonic minor and its modes are explored in fascinating detail here. The songs are less "song-like" than a lot of Dead Can Dance material and function more as melodic adventures over droning backgrounds. I wonder how much of this is improvised, and I wonder how many cues Lisa took from Kind of Blue and how many she took from Indian classical music. That said, shit still sounds medieval as fuck, so blast this Lisa Gerrard album and this youtube video simultaneously and enjoy the best that life has to offer.
Great smell. Deep roasted and coffee flavors. Website says "aggressive bitterness," but at 60 IBU the bitterness isn't so aggressive in a RIS. That's OK too, I hate Victory beers and overly hopped styles remind me of them. This one is just right though. Despite the 10.4% ABV, the alcohol is virtually imperceptible. Perfect.
Fill up your Kindle and get your children reading this summer with these 15 books, free on Kindle only on April 19 during the Give Your Child A Free Kindle Book (or 15 of Them!) Promotion. The list includes picture books, middle grade novels, and young adult books spanning a range of topics from sports, to paranormal, to historical, to educational. Selected books include the Florida Historical Society’s Best Children’s book of its year, books that have been recommended in Best Books for Young Teen Readers Grades 7-10 and in an edition of Children’s Book of the Year compiled by the Child Study Children’s Book Committee in New York City, and a finalist in the Valley Forge Romance Writers Sheila contest and in the Florida Romance Writers Golden Palm contest.
Want more chances to win make an additional entry for each of the following.
We came up with our new logo:
I don’t know…maybe nobody else feels like this about indie publishing. But this is sort of where I think I am with it. It’s wonderful on so many levels – but its big flaw, I think, is that it’s just too easy. Too easy to implement…too easy to mess up…too easy to get discouraged (because your frame of reference when you’re solo is really quite small). Too easy, essentially, to jump in when you’re green and flounder around…because you’re green.
“What about all these boxes,” we asked him. “Do you want to get rid of them too? We’ll include it in the price, no problem.”
The 140-second trailer also features a mid-air plane heist by Bane, Wayne and Kyle dancing, sinking football field, Bane’s henchmen holding up a stock exchange, Gotham citizens witnessing two bridges blown, Wayne locking lips and more….actually much more than that!
Home is not where you hang your hat. Home is where you were born and where YOUR people Live (with a capital L). It is that place you come back to after you have explored the distant horizons to find comfort in the familiar.
DISH TV INDIA LIMITED Outcome of meeting
Mon-AM: 1:51, 4000' ~ Green & Bear
264 ***1. “The Fate of the Jews in Greece and Italy During the Second World War.” Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, January-February, 1995. (Source: Item D-X/7(C)/1994. Incorporated in Item B-8, above, pp. 49-58 (1997) and in Item B-11, above, pp. 71-80 (1999). ) See, Item C-1997(8), below, pp. 481-88.
as a high schooler, i rarely dated and quietly mocked the girly girls, gossiping about each other and shopping at the mall. i only went to one dance that was actually with a boyfriend. the only time i got asked was by guys that were friends, whose first choices said no. that sums it up in a nutshell.
Their is one major grievance Nintendo fans have had with Nintendo since the early to mid 90's. Nintendo often does not bring all of its amazing games over to North America or they do so in an untimely fashion. The biggest sore spot for most North American gamers is our beloved Mother. So today in tribute to Mother I am going to explore why Mother and Mother 3 never made it to North America and why the series may never return to North American shores, or could it?
Victory's restaurant and bar have re-opened -- on time -- and I have to tell you, it was time (and a bunch of bucks) well-spent. Unfortunately, most of my pictures look like hell. Sorry.
A wet one.
I went to Mam's today and she said she'd had a wonderful night's sleep, so that was good. She's managing really well, doing most things herself. We really only need to keep her company, do a bit of tidying up etc.
Still decent, will tune in:
8. Be proactive in my mental health and overall physical health. What this means to me is reaching out for help before I cannot. Those with mental health issues like depression fall so deep into that pit of despair that we sometimes cannot find the light or reach for that hand to help us out. I want to make it a goal to seek help when I feel I need it and not pass it off or think it will get better on its own. I’ve been there, done that and have had enough experience to know it gets worse, so much worse, before it ever gets better.
And while I have so many photos filled to the brim with sunshiney goodness, my photo for today is from the WOMADELAIDE festival I attended on Friday. Not only does this image capture the perfectness of this place, i believe it captures the essence of the festival - so relaxing. Oh and the light just makes me melt. So does my subject.
Carrie Fundingsland – It’s very important to me to design around my clients’ taste and style, rather than my own. I want the house to reflect whom they are and what their lifestyle is, not how I would live in the space. I think that’s why I’ve been so successful. You can see by my website that I am comfortable doing any type of house, whether it being a Spanish Revival, a Mid-Century Modern, or a Traditional. It’s important to me that I don’t have a “signature” style. It would be my worst nightmare if someone could walk into a home and know immediately that I am the one that designed it. I love it when my clients or colleagues walk into a new space I’ve created and they say “wow, I had no idea you could do ______.” It keeps them guessing and interested in what I do.
The suggestion of a must-report policy is the most concerning, but here’s another one that strikes me as problematic:
A Clash of Kings picks up shortly after the end of A Game of Thrones. With the murders of both Ned Stark and the king, Robert Baratheon, young Joffrey, product of the incestual relationship between Queen Cersei and her twin Jaime Lannister, sits upon the Iron Throne, while his uncle Tyrion serves as the new Hand of the King. Despite his claim to the throne as Robert’s heir, two others have staked up claims to be the new King of the Seven Kingdom’s, Robert’s two brothers, Renly and Stannis. Robb Stark has also been deemed by his people to be King of the North and has broken all fealty to the Iron Throne. Across the Narrow Sea, Daenarys Targaryen mourns the loss of her husband Khal Drogo while celebrating the birth of her three dragon and is ferried to a mysterious kingdom known as Qarth where all would see the Mother of Dragons but nothing is as it seems. At the Wall, the brothers of the Night’s Watch strike north in search of Jon Snow’s missing uncle and to prepare for war against the barbaric wildlings. The Stark children are spread far and wide. Sansa is a hostage of the Lannister’s at King’s Landing, Arya travels in hiding as an orphan boy hoping to get back to Winterfell, while Bran rules Winterfell while brother Robb wages war against the Lannisters and defends his homeland.
The page on the right has flourish rub ons in opposite corners. The little book opens out for more photo space and is secured with a secret magnet underneath the paper.
Crying in the sun
Allie is getting bigger and bigger and I love it!! I love chasing her around and playing with her! She's such a delight! She's finally putting herself to sleep now! She just needs her little seahorse and a cup of warm water to cuddle with. Yes, she cuddles with her cup, lmao. Crazy kid!
The article profiled an author who entered many contests. After 11 years of entering, she finally won. The biggest carrot to her wasn’t the prize money but the publication of her stories. Poets & Writers says that in the past decade, the number of prizes that include publication has risen 50%. Running contests keeps a great number of small, independent presses in business. Independent publishers are important because they will often take on a novice writer whose manuscript shows promise – something a large New York publisher will rarely do. As writers, we want the species of independent presses to survive.
For example, let's say a person buys an ebook and wants to make a copy of it, or change the format, or use it on more than one device. DRM prevents them from doing that.
And when I got to the point that I took no shit whatsoever, the bullying STOPPED.
a pinch of freshly ground black pepper
On Saturday, May 5th General S. Musselman decided to attack North Yardea. It was a slow attack. Very slow. Clods of dirt bombs were going off left and right, the General lost a few good blades of grassmen. But there were casualties on both sides, and one by one the weed body-count started to climb. There, the first 5×8 foot section was done.
Built on the foundation of the apostles and prophets, with Christ Jesus himself as the chief cornerstone. (Ephesians 2:20)
Wednesdays - Saturdays, 12 Noon - 5p.m.
HAPPY INTERNATIONAL TATTING DAY!
There will three winners, and to enter, simply leave a comment and tell us how you will use your fleur de sel. Winners will be announced on Friday.
Large Marshmallow
Beautiful night here at Kauffman, score is 5-2 to Red Sox top of the third. Catching up with and old palooka friend Colby, resident here in Kansas. He tells me KC haven’t made the playoffs since 1985…has he not been reading my blog?
Taking the workshop got me thinking about that article. I walked in on the first day feeling that my muslin was looking good enough and I’d have few adjustments to make . . . I would have gone out in public had I made it in fashion fabric. Five muslins later, we reached a point when the darts flattered my figure and the sleeves looked streamlined instead of like fabric tubes randomly attached to my sides. This is when I remembered that Korelitz’s article asked the question, “Why are women so afraid of dressing up?” Was I afraid to dress up or afraid to take the time to make a garment that looked better than good enough.
Title: Sa Ngalan Ng Ina
Texas Toast Caesar Croutons (I choose these because there is no High Fructose Corn Syrup or you can also make homemade ones)
To return to the account of Jesus’ washing his disciples’ feet, Jesus adds a word about the ongoing life of true discipleship, saying, “if you’ve had a bath, you need only to wash your feet.” It’s as though he reminds them that that very day they bathed for the day and that need not be repeated. But after walking the dusty, soiled streets their feet may need attention.
To which I took to interpret
Next lovely lady I want to showcase is Miss Imogen Poots not only because I think she’s an absolute stunner but I love how versatile her hair is. From the uber curly to waves to straight, it’s exactly the range I’m capable of with my own hair. Of course I know she has stylists at her disposal but it’s nice to know it’s possible and have a visual to work with.
I'm sure there are more things I could add to this post. I feel like like these things specifically are usually not on checklists so I would blog about them. I hope if any other mommies read this they might be able to add in their own "must haves" for post pregnancy!
4. Abigail breaks into song twice, but there's an interesting reason why.
10. An Iranian Revolution?, argues that if the struggle in Iran was to progress it had to move from the streets to the factories.
"You see, Scully," he said to his skeptical partner, "the same forces are at work in the urban backyards as those in the crop fields."
My sister Liz and Colby were married in the Salt Lake City LDS Temple on August 18th.
Here’s today’s midterm. You may notice that it’s a bit topical. Part III, the AP portion, is not included in any of the online versions of the midterm.
You'll catch Lionel & myself down there soon, and that's a promise.
Hope everyone is having a good start to their month.
a good movie on rainy days with the kids
Jen and Monica
When a lender decides to make a loan and deliver that loan to the investors such as FNMA/FHLMC; they have to provide some evidence to off set the risk factors before these loans are eligible to deliver to them. For instance if you have a middle representative score which is 650, (older credit issues which are isolated) and your loan to value if 90% but the borrower will have 50k in savings after closing which can be liquidated; this is considered an offset for approving the 650 score.
Today I am following the fasting procedures, now that I’ve made it clear I have choices and options and “You’re not my mother! You can’t tell me what to do!”
51. The Lookout
I have recieved comments like "... lovely using DP and those flowers..." or "...I love the DP & image you have used..." and was wondering what these ladies were refering to exactly.
Flies to that heavenly sphere
However, the Embassy opposite were clearly not listening! Staff had shut down and cleared out.
Wow, this goat has already added me.
She then calls me back immediately thereafter, saying, “That’s great… for Monday night. Tonight we’re doing BBQ tofu, and tomorrow we’re doing borsht.”
Parents want to take tons of pictures so they can remember all those special moments.
Do you find yourself blocking
We stopped at a cafeteria where we had had good Mexican food the week before....but that was at lunchtime. Now it was tired and disappointing. We made a mental note not to be hidebound in future...and not to leave it too late to walk away from a place and try another.....for we did not have much time.
Okay, that last part is negotiable, but there we are.
What do we think fellow bloggers?
The designer also defended his previous comments that women who cannot walk in his shoes, shouldn’t wear them and that wearing high heels is both pleasure and pain.
"So you're no longer together?"
First of all -- and I can't stress this enough -- the controversy here is not that George Zimmerman has not yet been put in the electric chair. It is not that people are impatient with the "process". It's that the process seems to have, from the start, shown a marked disinterest in the death of a young Black man and all too ready to assume that "he had it coming". We can't be patient for the "process" to work itself out because the "process" never really started. Zimmerman wasn't given a drug or alcohol test (but Martin sure was). The police just took Zimmerman's word that he had a clean record, just as they took his word that he shot in self-defense. Virtually all of the numerous, numerous inconsistencies in Zimmerman's story have emerged not because of diligent police work, but because of media pressure trying to fill in the gaps left by an apathetic police force.
“It has the power to reinforce our positive biases toward our own group, and sometimes negative biases toward others.”
Other studies have shown that chocolate, like aspirin, makes blood platelets less likely to clump together into dangerous blood vessel-blocking clots by reducing their stickiness.
What inspired you to write The Lady in the Tower?
“I don’t know what I saw.”
Finding new ways to annoy Miss Scarlet (e.g. smearing his bottom with butter and leaving greasy bottom prints on her living room window).
I know that was a short post but for now I've got to run. I will leave you with this though...
Would people actually vote for president if they didn’t have to go to a poll and instead could text their vote, or vote on Facebook? Would this become a real democracy then? And would we like the things that this style of voting revealed?
17. What one thing would have made your year measurably more satisfying?
When I was a teenager, every summer my family moved to our cottage by the beach, something that I loved so much! I used to go fishing to the pier daily, it was so much fun to see the gulls fighting each other for scraps of fish or the excitement of fish biting and tugging on your fishing line. It was also fun go fishing with my father on board a Charter boat. I learned a lot about fishing, how to clean and cut fillets of fish using a paring knife. I also knew how to tie hooks, made my own sinkers and prepared my own fishing gear.
He is messianic and gives them a sense of purpose and mission, though one of them says they should really recreate Shackleton's expedition, because it ended in failure, and they know all about failure. The affection between them and the way they care for each other was nice. I wish I had fellow jobless mates to hang out with & lift each others' morale.
John Henry
"and I'm just a heart'
6. At this moment, I don’t have an answer to the question.
“If you screw up your eyes real tight, you can just about see it” Mickey said.
Paper: Cosmo Cricket Everafter
By the time I stumbled dowstairs, the 4 of them were sitting at the kitchen table somber and silent. I poured my coffee and asked what had happened. It seems that the helicopter flew a bit higher than expected and was currently stuck in a huge tree somewhere past the second story of my parents' house. Ryan was upset, and I think he had been crying. My parents were annoyed. I was stumped because he had made a bad decision to take it out in the wind, but I knew he hadn't done it on purpose.
Thursday morning I was told to pack for an overnight. "Take something nice to wear". I packed, said good bye to Esther and at 1:00 PM we got into the car, the three of us. I sat in back and fell asleep. When I woke up I saw this cute face.
See how your eye immediately is drawn to the second apple? You have the power to make people look where you want them to look. Even the third apple isn’t quite in focus. The newspaper in the background is blurred too.
The hayloft door, the 4X4 - they simulate a fist,
in a landscape that begs for rain.
Bottom 3:
83. My first kiss was at the skate ranch. And I was my daughter's age.....this CAN'T be happening!!
If there was dessert, it was usually bread pudding, which was made form day-old French bread bought for a song from the local grocery. That was a special treat for all when Papa allowed a splash of whisky in it!
3. The stories of Mahabharata other than the war – I was glued to the pre-war and the post-war part of the book. These stories (from Pandavas vanvaas, their travel to hell,etc) are usually not told to us by our elders.
Me: You'll never guess it.
It's my blog and I'll post what I like! ;-) Candy strip cotton shirts, over the shoulder yellow Benetton jumpers, rolled up beige chinos and pumps, funky bass and wah-wah guitar, latin congas & bongos with muffled horns & trumpets. Darlings of the NME for just one week and we loved them! For Crispin.
Only this is not a Fairy tale
When An Epicure in the Terrible first appeared in 1991, commemorating the centennial of H. P. Lovecraft’s birth, it was hailed as a significant contribution to Lovecraft studies. Its thirteen original essays, along with a lengthy biocritical introduction by S. T. Joshi, contained penetrating work by leading authorities in the field. Among them were Kenneth W. Faig, Jr.’s pioneering study of Lovecraft’s parents; Jason C. Eckhardt’s analysis of Lovecraft’s heritage as a New England Yankee; and Donald R. Burleson’s treatment of the key theme of “touching the glass,” epitomized by “The Outsider.”
Best in Show
2.- TNT - Produced by Domingo
In his divine homestead,
If you die to soon, most people who love their families, want debts like lines of credit, loans, mortgages paid off relieving the survivors of those obligations.
That means no such luxuries as corpse identification, death certificates or even a prayer for the dead. What’s important right now, is to worry about the survivors, especially those still trapped, the injured, the starving and the homeless.
The rewards are useless so don’t worry about it. Just the last one adds 1 on all stats and 50 DEF. The only thing that’s good is the other rewards they don’t show, if you do the quest for 10 days. Only then you’ll get:
It was a lovely surprise to be joined by Father Leon Pereira O.P., who had decided to come to the vigil having been inspired by the great pro-life witness of Father Michael Williams, a young pro-life priest who died last week. Requiescat in pace.
The clouds are now properly exposed but are a bit brighter than I would like them. Without any blown highlights, the raw file of this photo is workable with the usage of the Fill Light and Recovery sliders in conjunction. However, I find those methods seem to reduce image quality.
Antonio Almeida, University of São Paulo, and Juliana de Oliveira Vicentini, University of São Paulo. The Globo Reporter Discourse about the Amazonian Drought
Isn’t this super cool?, In fact the skills and characteristics we discovered through this exercise would make a super natural human. Some very important ones that tops the never ending, never complete list are : Critical thinking, divergent thinker, time management, planning – proactive/ reactive, self- disciplined, well- organized, multitasking, being happy, having an overview, staying calm, communication, passion, achievement, reflector, embracing new ideas, overrides fear of failure, hard/smart worker, and so on….
A: I'm sure a lot of people felt the same way about Enron, Delta, Chrysler, General Motors, Northwest Airlines, Montgomery Wards, Kmart, Delta, the Tribune Group, Pacific Gas and Electric, etc.
Don’t even get me started on my whole ‘respect for the dead’ spiel, because it wouldn’t end. I cannot stand people’s need to defame and slander another person’s name when they deserve forgiveness for their past mistakes. Death is a punishment in some countries. It’s often considered the most severe, and certainly the most final of all sentences. Should the dead not be given a moments peace removed from their minor misdeeds and drama?
Places to start reading High Fantasy:
Columbus will need about seventy one from the American Meeting Canada squads soon. Prior to which, nowhere Outdoor jackets wait lineup modifications tomorrow from your NHL business timeline.
Because instead of going to sleep at a reasonable hour (I know with work it is sometimes difficult, but that doesn't excuse the other 4 nights out of 7) you are doing what you should have been doing in the day.
And don't forget to check out the rest of the hoppers by scrolling down to the List at the end of this blog or popping over to the Author List at the Coffin Hop main page.
Like Sabaditsch-Wolff and Zemmour, Wilders could join the growing group of people convicted of, and punished for, telling the truth.
Dad thought for a moment. “Leopard tamers,” he said, with a dramatic, round-eyed flourish.
In another example, the fans noticed that these two were wearing the same bracelet and ring that only couples wear. Speculations became stronger than ever when CL, 2NE1's leader, bought the same ring as a gift for their group so that people will lessen their speculations. CL’s tactic didn’t lessen any of the speculations because it was so obvious that 2NE1 members were trying their best to hide what really is going on. If the 2NE1 members are trying their best to hide it, one of the Bigbang members gave some hints about the couple, or let’s just say he tries to reveal it. That member was Seungri, the youngest member of Bigbang who happens to be G-dragon’s room mate.
#6
This is largely a myth: "...wearing a bra... has no medical necessity whatsoever", says Susan M. Love, M.D in her "Dr. Susan Love's Breast Book". This is similar to the myth that women supposedly need corsets to support their stomach muscles.
CABIN IN THE WOODS is a technically sound and imaginative film, that unfortunately suffers from its conceits… of horror movie tropes and bland protagonists. I felt surprisingly empty after leaving the film, not excited, not disappointed, just… uninvolved. So the film while not immediately forgettable in its script, is also not especially memorable in its execution.
So likewise the Father is Lord, the Son Lord, and the Holy Ghost Lord.
Replica Breitling Watches – Keeping Fashion Around the World
Christan: When did you start telling people you had miscarried your second child?
Wentworth.
Joan Baez - Will the Circle Be Unbroken
I think the Block & a few other lifestyle Channels we have watched together might have rubbed off don't you think?
Enter today. I was checking my message boards, as I usually do, and someone posted a tutorial on how to make a monogram using PowerPoint. Now I can get somewhere. For anyone that doesn't know, Open Office is a free software suite that includes a word processing program, presentation software, spread sheets, and other stuff that I haven't even had a chance to explore yet. It's the program that I have been using for my invitation and stationary templates, and now I figured out how to use it for monograms too! Happy day.
Tick bath, you STILL have those, kid?
PPS. USC Gamecocks are NATIONAL CHAMPIONS! (in case you didn't already know…)
I have had some unexpected time this afternoon, and so decided to put together a quick post. I am feeling so very grateful right now as my mom is doing soo much better! We played cards again Friday night after bringing them over a little dinner and giving my mom a beautiful bouquet of flowers in honor of Mother's Day. The fragrance of flowers was soo sweet and somewhat overwhelming in their small place, but we all just LOVED it. The girls have won two weeks in a row btw, and so we are on a definite roll it seems, haha. She has only been off the medication 3 days but it has already made such a big difference. She was MUCH more clear headed and walked around pretty good. In fact, when she used her walker she was downright speedy, lol. She was just so much happier. What a relief. Now I won't pretend that she was 100 percent, but then neither am I most of the time. : ) My step dad does continue to go down hill and has become so thin it is truly unbelievable. He sits at the table in obvious pain, using his oxygen, with his hands shaking from fatigue. And yet he is as sharp as he ever was, and was in high spirits just because my mom was doing so much better. I know he hangs on just for her, and plays cards when he would probably be more comfortable doing nothing at all, because he knows she wants to play. I have watched him love for her for almost 25 years now and I can tell you she is one blessed lady to have him. It is really hard for her to watch him decline, and I have absolutely no idea how she will ever manage without him.
And I wonder, will he ever know how much I love him? I know most often I am not speaking his love language. But this time of my heart telling my mind, "It will be cleaned later, let him create. It's not just about getting a tractor cake made, it's about the process." is me trying to say "I love you" in a different way, his way.
Yet, when it comes to pedal cyclists, little is done to enforce existing safety legislation. Whereas cycle helmets are not a legal requirement, adequate nocturnal front and rear lighting is - as well as obeying traffic signals whilst mounted. Yet, how often does one see cyclists sailing through red traffic lights - if one actually sees them at night without lights?
If you do—if you can get past the abject terror—you just might discover a secretly incredible life in this ordinary world.
There’s three bedrooms, hardwood flooring and the kitchen’s new
Kanhar eyed the strange man standing at their door. Kata smiled, extended his hand and said, “I’m your new friend, Pabitra Kata.”
A wind hot and still, then zoom.
I thought I might find a feather under the tree where the eagles sit
As the Con Ed line supervisor or tree contractor's forester may not be able to commit to a negotiated agreement, I suggest that you contact the division head of Con Ed for distribution lines - Matt Glasser. If you must, go higher up the executive chain to top management (whose contact info can be discovered via web search.)
It took all I had to not turn around and to refrain from breaking into a run. It seemed imperative to be confident, to not show fear, to NOT turn around, though I was tensed for the smallest of noises which might indicate that they had even merely turned around to watch me go, their prey; I consciously identified as “the prey” during this ordeal. I heard the single crackle of a twig but I did not turn around, instead I laughed into the phone at some pretended bon mot. The tension was achingly palpable and I feared that to run would blow my confidence act and trigger a chase, if they sensed fear they’d know I was meeting no one on the trail, my charade would collapse, so I continued the “call” all the way to the parking lot and then, suddenly, I was running to the car, shoving Jamoka in the back seat, and hitting the button that locks all the doors.
41. I don't like it when we skip spring and go straight into summer.
for your touch
Both leaders made themselves vulnerable in the negotiations — Obama accepting cuts to entitlements that already were inflaming his base, and Boehner agreeing to $800 billion in revenue increases — and moved quickly to blame the other for failing to agree to a historic deficit reduction package.
Ann of FrancescasFancy, winner of our April "Seed Beads Only" Challenge invites us to create a "Mystery" with her June 2012 theme!
A REMINDER: This Wednesday night at 7:30 p.m. in Mills Hall, the Summer Choir will present Saint-Saens’ Requiem and other choral work in a free performance. For more information, visit this link: http://madisonsummerchoir.org/ and http://welltempered.wordpress.com/2011/05/22/classical-music-news-madison-summer-choir-for-campus-and-community-to-do-rarely-heard-saint-saens-requiem-and-perform-for-free-june-29/
It's about details.
Mantra for the day: all will be well, all will be well, well will be all.
Mobile: Fly to the far reaches of the world from the palm of your hand. Google Earth is currently available on Android phones and tablets, and the iPhone, iPod Touch, and iPad.
A final hypocrisy to the Nth Degree was the ( so called ) Bank Bailout. If you owned a business, and you screw around and scam etc, would the Feds bail you out? No, as your place was sinking into bankruptcy, the sharks would encircle. Finally, you would take the best offer ( if any at all ) with ‘ hat in hand ‘ and go home. ‘ Oh ‘ , they tell you, ‘ But a crisis like the banking one would tear down our whole economic system…. We had to save them, to save America! ‘ Hogwash! Uncle Sam should have simply sat down with those failing con men and play ‘ Let’s make a deal ‘ . Assets would have been sold at fire sale prices with the government taking receivership of those institutions. Instead of an 800 billion dollar bailout, this approach would have been much more frugal and effective. Then, when the time was ripe, the Feds could have sold those companies to the highest bidder. Just as with claiming racehorses, there would have been a shake to see who got the deal….. That is how many bidders there would have been.
So she stuck a couple of extensions in.
In my classroom we have a behavior board. It’s a rainbow and each day all the children start on green. If they make good choices all day they might be moved up to blue, or if they are an absolute angel, they move to purple. However, if they don’t listen and make some not-so-good choices, they might have to move to yellow, orange, or red. Chances are if you get to red, I’m also sending you to the office and you’re in major trouble. One day little Susie comes up to me and says, “I didn’t punch anyone in the head. Can I move to blue?”
Throughout the march some demonstrators yelled, “Shields line up!” or “Shields to the front,” and the shield-bearers would line up in front of the crowd.
This novel my book club needs to read right now—who cares about publication. I started HOTEL ON THE CORNER OF BITTER AND SWEET at 9 p.m. on a Monday night. I thought I would give it a quick look because I knew the author already had an agent offer on the table. I figured I would know within the first 50 pages whether it was right for me. Well, after 10 pages, I realized that I had to tell myself to breathe. There were sections that literally had my heart racing and I needed to skip to end of the chapter just to discover what happens. Then I would go back and read what I had missed, my heart still pounding.
The property had an immense barn with 12 " beams, lots of pigeons, a hay stack inside for great jumping and stored some of the farm equipment used by High School Ag classes. They grew mostly corn in the fields surrounding the barn. The Delaware Police push-mobile derby track was a relatively new feature used once a year for races; the rest of the year we had a private bicycle race track and sledding hill.
Do you have plans this weekend? My husband comes home today and we plan to spend time outside in the garden enjoying this pretty spring weather. Gosh I've missed that man! Have a great weekend!
Up next was Emma Wild from CBI on the business perspective on IP. She stated that the UK IP regime is respected around the world, and reminded us that many UK industries rely on patents, copyright, and trade marks to protect their designs and creativity. She considered that the Government needs to be a champion for IP and IP rich industries, and advocated collaboration with industry to protect business models which rely on IP. In particular, she spoke against expansion of copyright exceptions that would undermine these business models.
Protein: 2
In fact, the Coorgs’ traditional attire is unlike any in Karnataka, or even India. The men wear coats that hang down to their knees with elbow long sleeves, a gold and scarlet sash, a jilted turban with a red scarf, and a silver or gold sheathed dagger. While the women wear their sari in a unique way by tucking in the pleats at the back.
Korean Students Speak – I also came across this courtesy of Wet Casements (mentioned below) on tumblr. It’s very poignant to see that the students have written how and what they feel. Some of the comments are quite emotional and touching, while others are angry, naive… You can scroll through for ages. This kind of thought provoking material really inspires me. I don’t know how it inspires me though.
Another Diocese official finally reported the situation to police in May 2011.
And I loved the beautiful vibrant color of the matcha! If I coulda just gotten the layers to be even, it would've been an even more beautiful cake. Everyone was super impressed by its beauty, even with my mess-up! =) It definitely has the "wow" factor.
I stumbled across one of the more unique and amazing blogs I have seen recently. Which is saying a lot with all the wonderful blogs out there. The blog I discovered is called Knock-Off Wood. The blogger, Ana, shows how to make gorgeous furniture that is a knock-off of pricey pieces from places such as Pottery Barn and Restoration Hardware.
So LOVE keeps no records of wrongs.
Any questions? Leave a comment! Thanks!!
- You must have a blog and Facebook account and update it regularly each week including posts about projects you’ve used from the kit, design tips etc. We ask that you also have links to our site on your blog and other sites where allowable.
The old man hoped that He had been taking anger management classes, just as he hoped that his kin would leave the earth before He lost his temper again. Depressing thoughts before dying, it was certain.
14 - Skinhead Sunstomp! (3:14)
Thank you all so much for your support and love of Wryn and the other images....I am humbled and so pleased that you all are having so much fun with her...that makes me want to draw more---and that is the best feeling of all. :) So thanks for making my day in so many ways---I hope you had a good day too. :)
“Frankly, we’re still trying to figure out what predators do on reefs. The reason for that is because most predators have been removed from reefs. Most reefs that coral reef biologists study are moderately to heavily degraded,” Baum said.
We stumble on refuse of rations,
Writing not yet strong enough: if I look at a first page and find five cases of the dreaded double verbing (was running, were singing, am walking… try ran, sang, walk etc.), I’m guessing the rest of the manuscript is like that too. I’m not saying the occasional double verbing is the end of everything, but there’s a difference between a double verb every twenty pages and twenty on one page. Oh, and this includes you first person present tense writers. Double verbs are bad. Read Hunger Games and tell me how many double verbs she has…I think first person present was the biggest addition to my No category for double verbing alone (okay, I think you all get the picture, two verbs are much weaker than one, go forth and disseminate to all your friends). Weak writing was the number one trigger for making me pounce on the no.
"Well its Monday and that means ONE THING...the avengers assemble in four short days! I was lucky enough to see the flick before it hits the big screen (I know, I Know), so here are MY thoughts on the avengers. Honestly, I don't even want to do a review bc it was just THAT good...nothing I say will justify the greatness of this flick...it's a must see, and joss whedon NAILED this one folks."
I’m sure my mom was more than a little anxious about how her family would survive. Our house had three rooms, no indoor plumbing, no telephone, a coal heater and was miles up a “holler” away from civilization and even an hour away from her closest relatives. Life was already hard, but now she wouldn’t have any help.
And sometimes, we're afraid that once we start... we'll never stop.
So, here is the scary part:
One of the mongoloid's
While I decide whether or not to teach a homebrewing class, I thought I would put some things together that I could use in the class. These will come in no particular order and follow no particular rhyme or reason for when I post. I just felt like it.
Cooper challenged the propriety of an inter-partes reexamination request on a continuation patent, filed after November 29, 1999, whose parent applications were filed before that date. According to Cooper, the continuation did not qualify as an "original application" for the purposes of the AIPA. The PTO argued that "oringal applications" included continuations and other related applications
Originally posted December 16, 2010.
You move CONSTANTLY. You bounce, jump, squirm, wiggle. But mostly bounce and jump.
Here's a little overall-view from some of the new products.
with their passionate warmth
Where you begin matters. If you think of the Bible allegorically, your paraphrase will reflect personal identity more than contextual accuracy. With that said, I think there is a good deal of valuable take-aways from the book, but I wouldn’t recommend it to anyone without a clear understanding of orthodoxy and hermeneutics.
When I joined the company softball team one spring, I realized the only pair of sneakers I owned were the faithful pair I wore in college, before my “metamorphosis to maturity.”
Curious to learn more about this weediest of wines, I recently spoke with a California vintner who makes it on the side. For obvious reasons, he didn’t want his real name used, so I will refer to him as “Bud.” He told me pot wine holds an important distinction: in his view, it is “the only truly original style of wine created in the New World.” Bud said he is just one of a number of winemakers on the Central Coast who are blending two of California’s most prized crops. The recipe for pot wine, such as it is, consists of dropping one pound of marijuana into a cask of fermenting wine, which yields about 1.5 grams of pot per bottle; the better the raw materials—grapes and dope—the better the wine.
I just talked with Michael from the jail. He was never shown a warrant, even after asking numerous times for it. He is not being charged with anything. He was arrested as a "witness" and has a bail hearing in the morning. For what? He's been out of jail for over a month, obviously he is not a threat, and isn't going anywhere.
No tea was involved.
Stressful days, & sleepless nights, Aley was doing the best she could.
So this morning I woke up dreaming that I was in a room full of people, the majority of whom were women. They decided to kick the men out and make it a women’s caucus, then the women began to busily—and chaotically—figure out how they were going to organize themselves and what they were going to do. A male surgeon, who had been hiding behind his scrub suit and cap, stood up to tell us what to do. I ordered him out of the room and he went.
For a side dish, I made roasted asparagus because it is yummy and so easy (plus requires very little clean up). Asparagus is in season right now so eat up while it is tasting it’s best and easy on the wallet. For the asparagus, I cut off the bottom 3 inches because it can be tough and then put the asparagus on a foil lined baking sheet. I turned the edges of the foil up slightly to prevent any liquid from running all over my oven. In a small bowl, combined the juice of 1/2 a lemon, 2 tbsp olive oil, 1/4 tsp salt and 1/2 tsp. garlic powder. I then drizzled the mixture over the asparagus and put in the oven. If you make the fritatta with the asparagus put in the asparagus when you turn the oven up to 425. This way both things will be done at the same time.
UT Southwestern are now using the protein to develop an obesity drug that might also be used to combat high cholesterol and Type 2 Diabetes.
but, it is something that i have to say out loud. because, it is eating me from inside and every day i let it go, it gnaws at me and what i believe in.
He is tall=Il est grand
I went to my local T-Mobile store to check it out and jesus – it’s huge!
308) rain...lots of it, watering my garden over the last two days
Nobody told me then the moths ate on souls. And in the years that followed I have missed those nights of transluscent wings.
It was the most incredible revelation; here was the lens through which I see the world, perfectly articulated and preceding me by forty years. To this day, it informs so much of what I think and talk about. I went on to study most of the rest of Jacobs' body of work, but even now I keep a copy of The Death & Life next to my bed for quick-reference, finding it as prescient and useful as ever on an almost daily basis. I can hardly speak about anything without relating it back to the built environment or transit infrastructure or demographics or history; it bores the snot out of my friends but frankly, I don't care to think about things any other way.
A clothesline was a news forecast,
It was at this point that I glanced up at the calendar that hangs above my desk - and saw that the next Abba post was to be by, er, me. Curses! Not an idea in sight for that either. I reached for my notebook, desperately seeking inspiration.
29-What is the most important lesson life has taught you?
A presentation to celebrate the collection took place on Sunday, in the Gould Auditorium in the Marriott Library on the campus of the University of Utah. Ken Sanders, a resident of Salt Lake and rare book collector, spoke about Abbey and his effect on environmental issues today.
Per request of a friend, this newest post gives my thoughts of branding strategies for non-governmental organizations (NGOs). While all NGOs use a great branding strategy to promote whatever issue they stand for, the two I will be talking about are close to my heart and have continued to present their brands effectively.
Where do you live?
Throughout this day take the moments of waiting
By 2001, 56% of all of South Africa’s land already belonged to the State which granted land-use access to some 1-million ‘new black farmers’ and their families. Fourty-four percent of all the land, including in the cities, was in the hands of white people. And at the same time, food-production and the income it generates for the state, has also dropped dramatically:
Naspers follows the exact same cautious approach when reporting on matters of Christianity, with the full realization that the vast majority of their readers are Christian. Ninety-nine percent of their reporting in this regard follows the same approach applied by the international Main Stream Media, which has a tendency to either show contempt for the Christian faith, or a tendency to create confusion and disorder in this regard.
*Downloadable photos online (uploaded on facebook within 12hrs after the event)
5. You’d want someone of a high ethical caliber, someone who was fair, just, and compassionate, someone who lived the basics of Scientology such as the ARC Triangle and the Communication Formula. You’d want someone high on the Tone Scale and Chart of Human Evaluation.
Here you can see the tshirt that looks exceptionally cute with a long handle shirt underneath that disquises my jiggly wing-like upper arms.
Judge # 3 -- Call the EPA. I've located a uranium spill. My nose feels
As we walked into the house I was immediately overcome with the lovely, fragrant smell of dog pee. Well dog pee and Drakar. He turned to me, offered me something to drink then asked me if I wanted to go into his room and, yep, you guessed it... look at his clothes. At first I was nervous. I thought Oh my God, I hope he isn't bringing me here because he thinks I'm gonna..we're gonna...
To: McGuire, Lisa E.
Matchups, rematches and revenge: There are only three rematches in Round 1 tonight. Austin Meier hopes for a little revenge on Facial Fear, while Ross Coleman hopes to score another qualified ride on Show Stopper. Kody Lostroh has been on McClintock twice before, but not since 2007.
Gentilly is located on the St. Lawrence River about 150 miles north of Vermont and New Hampshire.
After that report was published online , Paul White who had help place Ray Johnsons story online and had a written an article , distanced himself from the whole affair.
Dara - thanks for speaking with me, it was great to meet you! And to Amy Peck (Dir. of PR for Domino) - it was fab meeting you too! I hope you enjoyed your evening in Boston and those fabulous crystal coasters you purchased!
And monument. We queue to see
M: Your instrumentation is pretty interesting. There are some animal sounds. I feel the ratchet is a sorely underused piece of percussion, so kudos with that.
“We are in touch with Coir Board and Jute Board also. The pilot is also to see the supply chain arrangements. If a coir manufacturer cannot meet the demands, then we will have to think of some other product to replace.
- My sweet cabaret
“Thank you very kindly, folks, for lettin’ me into your livin’ rooms tonight, I come from the great dusty state of Oklahoma. I’d like to sing y'all a tune about how folks from my parts toil and sweat all day long just to line the pockets of a privileged few. It’s not fair, and I tell you, somethin’ ought to be done about these big city fat cats. Eventually, someone will. In the meantime, I reckon I’ll just have to sing about it”.
You get pretty standard performances from the three leads. None of them are award-winning actors as we all know, but fit very well into the genre. Williamson is probably my favorite with his ever-present cigar and natural charisma. Jim Brown is a good serious-minded type character. I think he may have done some of his own stunts, or at the very least the doubles were very well edited. And Jim Kelly... well... he has a six pack and kicks the shit out of people!
One April morning, a boat washes ashore carrying a dead man – and a crying baby. Safe from the real world, Tom and Izzy break the rules and follow their hearts.
Hello Team,
Before I begin to address my main thought today, I just want to refer to a few scriptures to affirm the fact that the idea of living a contented life is completely Biblical. Turn in your Bibles to I Timothy 6:6-8 “Godliness with contentment is great gain; for we brought nothing into the world, and we can take nothing out of it. But if we have food and clothing, we will be content with that.”
I was ready to help – but something stopped me
Soon, some busty, blonde, ditzy ladies grabbed the table next to us... either dressed up strippers or KC socialite/scenesters... the type who perpetually date Chiefs players and will only be seen at the city's current hot spot. Their hundred-dollar-Nordstrom-shirted male counterparts never joined them at the table--they stayed nearer the bar engaging in real man conversation and, generally, to be seen in the epicenter of the newest and arguably most popular restaurants in the city. I mention this only in an attempt to convey a little about what it feels like to be in the bar at G&D right now. This is the frequent clientele. Not a bad thing but humorously predictable and, over time, when they migrate to the next new hot spot, I expect Gram & Dun will take on a slightly more, shall we say, approachable tonality.
Overall, I know I didn't say much about this book but it has some great plot twists that I don't want to give away. It's paranormal enough for paranormal fans and romantic enough for romance fans. I really liked it.
We mourned the loss of two lives, the soft grey fur, the beautiful iridescent feathers and webbed feet, and blessed them and gave thanks for the fact that they would not be wasted.
And eventually nothing.
8 seemed
On a brighter note:
I haven't been able to resist a crafty flick through the latter pages, and have already stumbled on some real classics:-
First and foremost, I took my time looking for a decent replacement phone, I didn't rush into anything and I didn't re-up my contract just to get something new. Hallelujah! I have patience and thrift-sense!! $20.50 for a nearly new phone with all the features I need/want.
It seems the only export markets George Younger had left were India, the West Indies and the Straits Settlements. I was at first surprised that the West Indies market lasted so long. But, the situation there was quite different to, say, South Africa and Australia, which were large territories that were establishing their own industrial base. The West Indian colonies were much smaller and based mainly around agricultural products. It's telling that Jamaica's Desnoe and Geddes was only founded in 1918. The brewing industry was much more developed in South Africa and Australia by that time.
The other items were smaller, but one was particulary exciting. I found a small box of Johnson Brothers Ironstone! I dug through it and managed to find four bowls that were in good shape (a little crazing), the rest were plates that had a big cracks (sigh...). But, I did get four bowls to take to the booth, as well as a stack of very old books to tie with twine and sell.
I also purchased a laptop so I have spent quite a bit of time learning how to use the touch pad, which basically means learning how to undo something that I had no clue I was doing, and learning Windows 7.
I saw this post on my cousin's blog and liked it so much that I slipped the questions from her blog into my pocket. I'm like Dodger...or rather a Blodger. heh. heh. Yeah. Lame joke.
with her broom, she swept the memories
Total = $16.49
¡HOLA TEQUILA! By Colleen Graham. Sellers Publishing. 128 pages, 75 color photographs by Shannon Graham. $15.95.
If I did not fully experience each moment as it comes I would not have been able to see all that I do have in the middle of such a devastating loss, and this practice of living in the moment becomes ever more precious and important to me.
And if you've ever had to have your work signed off by a committee, then you'll be interested to hear what actor Kevin Eldon has to say about the future of comedy online.
I once met a man. He was an exaggerated, excessive man
The groups also presented a ‘poop’ shaped cake to Lim during the chief minister’s 51st birthday last Dec.
“Policy makers in three dozen states this year proposed drug testing for people receiving benefits like welfare, unemployment assistance, job training, food stamps and public housing. Such laws, which proponents say ensure that tax dollars are not being misused and critics say reinforce stereotypes about the poor, have passed in states including Arizona, Indiana and Missouri.”
It is fairly obvious Obama and Congress rushed through H.R. 347 in order to curtail demonstrations that will undoubtedly occur during both Democrat and Republican conventions this summer. Also known as the “Federal Restricted Buildings and Grounds Improvement Act of 2011,” the bill makes it a felony to disrupt or protest at any place or event attended by any person with secret service protection.
This excerpt is quite near the end of the second story. It's lucky I didn't have to paste a page later - it would have given away the ending!
To the quarreling Atheists and Christians in Loudoun County, I’d like to say: One of you should lighten up on your regulations, but the other should get in the chair, just the same.
Alright how about some breakfast for dinner?
Dr. Kamal Al-Hilbawi: I condemn the targeting of any civilian, but incidentally, I believe that every Israeli civilian is a future soldier.
77. Hey, I’m bored. Entertain me and I’ll buy you a root beer.
I am afraid I don't know the name of the papers as I thought I was buying a pad but they were just cut sheets with no name or make on and ofcourse I have forgotten.
Mark Francis Broderick, 42, Old Bridge, N.J.
Lately my toddler, C has been getting in on the action. If she is not napping whilst we do school, she wants to be up and in the action. Thank God for "spare worksheets" she thinks she is doing school too. Which she is really. She also loves using the flash cards and pointing at the pictures and trying to say new words. I have noticed she can say some sounds, "a", "b", she is starting to count "1", "2", "3", she loves to colour and draw and I see she is starting to hold the pencil correctly already.
of winning the fabulous Teddy Bo 10, your choice of 10 Teddy Bo digi images,
At the end of the list it says, “Words can hurt. Words can heal”
The strategy seems to be an attempt to provide the media and the population with even more interesting talking points, so that the Uff Report slips into obscurity. I expect that if the incumbent party is returned to office, there will be attempts to claim that the ‘mandate’ granted by that vote is a justification for the matters revealed in the Uff Report. Already a large slice of attention has been shifted to the impending elections, as expected.
800-SUICIDE (784-2433)
Borough President Marty Markowitz, the project’s leading political booster, sounded angry and embattled. “Let the word go out,” he insisted, “the overwhelming number of Brooklynites support Atlantic Yards.” That statement got relatively little applause, though other pro-project statements he made generated more applause. “Enough years have already occurred. It’s time to make this happen.”
Below are a few pics from last June that I took. Plenty of everything a sun lover could or would ever ask for. As I say, MUCH bigger than Durban beach, as you can plainly see in comparison to the last two pics of Durban beach which I pinched off the Internet....Now why would I want to ever go to Durban again?
That is a quick synopsis of our Sunday at the beach. Saturday was not nearly as much fun, mostly grocery shopping and house cleaning. How was your weekend?
Sat, 10:03pm: Merde. Ghana scored.
He’s always there
I do like the idea that style is more a of quality – something intrinsic that each person possesses, like creativity or intelligence.
unless the belt up that high isn’t a good one??
and you're sleeping in your harness
11-Back Stab Gospel
A number of possibilities present themselves. First, Sutton and his task force and/or the ACNA leaders supporting the initiative are seeking to establish the ACNA in a leadership role in relationship to GAFCON and the global south Anglican community. Historically Americans seem themselves as destined to be world leaders. Because they are more conservative than their counterparts in the Anglican Church of Canada and The Episcopal Church does not mean that they have abandoned such pretensions. The ACNA is moving in what may be described as an Independent Catholic direction—toward a charismatic and evangelistic-minded but unreformed form of Catholicism, which, since it is also found outside of Anglican bodies, cannot be characterized as Anglo-Catholicism. A small but growing body of evidence exists that elements within the ACNA and its ministry partner, the former AMiA, now the Anglican Mission, are seeking to influence GAFCON to move in the same direction and away from the Reformed Catholicism of historic Anglicanism. Since the Thirty-Nine Articles affirm that the Holy Spirit proceeds from Father and the Son, the GAFCON Primates’ endorsement of such a change in the Nicene Creed would amount to a rejection of the doctrine of the Articles, which its authors believed was consonant with Scripture. The Anglican Church of Rwanda has promulgated a new constitution and set of canons that are the work of a former Roman Catholic priest in the Anglican Mission and incorporate the doctrine, language, norms, and principles of the Roman Catholic Code of Canon Law and affirm the dogmas of the Council of Trent and the Counter-Reformation. The Rwandan Church is spearheading a movement in the global South community for a revamping of Anglican ecclesiology that builds upon the work of the same priest. Historic Anglicanism may be described as under a two-pronged attack from liberalism and Catholicism that originates in North America and particularly in the United States.
A lot of time was spent, analyzing the databases of the 6/49 lottery, searching for a suitable equation in order to reproduce all interval curves for the 49 numbers. The equation applies to all 6/49 type games only. The bonus number is not included in the calculations.
Over the next several months, the group considered a variety of targets for attacks including the Group of 8 leaders meeting in Chicago and the Republican National Convention in Tampa, according to the FBI affidavit.
It is important to understand that everything we are presented with in the corporate-media is manipulated in this fashion, and that everything from the conflict in Syria, to street protests in Thailand, and Putin’s return to power in Russia is presented to us in such a way as to bend our will and predisposition to supporting the agenda of Wall Street and London – not to help us understand the reality of world events as they unfold.
The medical costs of obesity have long been the focus of health economists. A just-published analysis finds that it raises those costs more than thought.
Further along the concrete walkway, there was a building being turned into living spaces. These living spaces were small and did not feature a kitchen. Since I had this dream before, I recognized the man working on the interior of the building. Since I remembered having the dream before and it had been a pretty long time since I had this dream, I said to the bearded contractor “Still working on this?”
No more excuses!
It's Mike's first day on the job as a bartender.
We met Scott in a parking lot. I personally find romance hard to stomach & it was difficult to watch! The look on his face was jungle cat stalking prey. This was new for me, I’ve never seen him in action before, only heard about it. We double-dated for the Senior Prom, but he didn’t quite have his entire game together at 17.
Dear Mike,
The same day, I sent an email to them. Surprisingly, I got a reply back the very next day that they have shipped the product and they gave me Aramex Courier tracking number.
While we recognize the ruling isn’t going to have any early impact on the multibillion dollar business of campaign finance, we still believe it is good public policy. Average Americans are powerless to stop the influence of big money in politics, but at least they can find out how it’s spent.
Read Mr. Armendariz’s direct quotes;
He was mildly amusing at times, so I wasn't always offended by his presence in small doses. But he would usually remind me quickly why I didn't like him very much. One night, after the three of us had dinner together, we all got frozen yogurt cones. On our way out of the dining hall, Z decided he was not going to finish his. There was still quite a bit of it remaining. I watched in shock as he opened the US Mailbox, which was positioned next to the garbage can, and dropped his drippy yogurt cone into it.
I brought him straight to the laundry room where I could put him on top of the washing machine and examine him. My suspicions were confirmed.
The War Of The Worlds template takes on a more salacious and vindictive depth with the debut release from Digital Diktator in the shape of the venomous From The Edge Of The Universe. The EP is a striking and destructive violation upon the senses and rational thought which is intrusive, challenging, and perpetually compulsive. Most of all it is very impressive and even though one feels like they are caught within and witnessing a digital car crash such the intense and impactful manipulation it makes on thought and emotions it is equally very satisfying and rewarding.
Victor hates his life. He's relentlessly bullied at school and his parents ridicule him for not being perfect. He's tired of being weak, so he takes a bottle of his mother's sleeping pills -- only to wake up in the hospital.
I commented to Chris that it looked like an iguana.
He bit his lips. ‘Everything will be okay…’
Application was good, a bit watery at first but all evens out in two to three coats. Drying time was alright - not too quick. I managed to smudge the polish on one of my nails, so I had to redo my nails to be able to take some pictures of it.
thingy is we don't got no more furiends email addies!
April's Kit Tutorial is here- Send Me Soaring that you will absolutely love !!! The set itself is very versatile especially when you see the projects that I have created. In this tutorial, I have created 4 cards and a 3-d item ( cardbox) with step by step instructions and pictures that are so easy to follow.
One interesting aside...see the guy on the far left in the first pic with the standard evocative of the mid-sixties snazz-looking suit 'n tie, the modified Moe Howard Beatle hair and the large birth control glasses? That's none other than Fred Pineau, a name that should ring bells if you were a fan and follower of the Boston fanzine scene throughout the seventies. Music-wize he was a member (along with John Horvorka) of Joe Viglione's typically Velvets-minded Astral Projections before ending up with garage band Aerosmith rockers Bonjour Aviators before becoming an Atlantic, and not only that he was a contributor to Viglione's much needed/missed fanzine VARULVEN. Smart credentials for a seventies icon of BLOG TO COMM proportions, and I gotta admit something that does add that special dimension to the music, considering that sometimes what goes on behind the stage is just as important as what's happening in front of a load of wild, screaming teenagers (or aging hipsters like ourselves pretending that this is what their image of what wild, screaming teenagers was supposed to be!)
Here is one of two pencil tests I did to apply for Tigger. The scene is a little too busy with excitementI, but he is talking about firecrackers. I hope the directors Don Hall and Steve Anderson know how happy I was to have gotten this assignment. Both guys were just great to work with.
One final aspect of the project still to complete is the book I intended to put together of the event – to include a bit of back story, anecdotes and all the portraits taken.
As I laid in bed, still a bit peeved, thoughts of things I were trying to accomplish ran through my head. And as they flashed I started recognizing where self had played a part. There were a lot of “I don’t” or “I want” or “I feel” or “I don’t feel.” A lot of I, I, I’s were being revealed to me.
Here's another picture of the top and bottom of the cheese box. You can see how the cut-away pieces make a reversed design on the other half.
But you know what? Survival isn’t enough.
Through every room downstairs, all empty. Something was very wrong.
Thursday was a lot different. I picked up my New York Pass (a great way to save money) and all of a sudden, everything started making sense. I started the day by going to the top of Rockefeller Center. I took the NBC Studios tour and saw where Saturday Night Live is taped (if you look closely, you can still see tiny bits of Ashlee Simpson's shattered career in the corner of the stage). Radio City Music Hall tour was also interesting, even though we weren't allowed onto the stage. I had lunch at Planet Hollywood, next to some very famous movie costumes (Darth Vader, anyone?), went to Madame Tussaud's Museum and took a photo with Leonardo DiCaprio (finally!), did some shopping, and, in the evening, checked out the view from the top of the Empire State Building.
Often this was done by the provision of a ‘move’ command, but some text editors required that the text be first put into some temporary location (AKA, “the clipboard”) for later retrieval/placement.
There are those who would be dismissive of the things that he has to say, but as was commented by the hosts of the article linked to above:
And in the midst of God’s people, there is one who is whispering “No! Never!”.
See you next week, when I promise to do my best to post on time.
Maybe I have viewed one too many James Bond films, but I have always had a love affair with with an Aston Martin (and throw in Audi, Mercedes and Jag too while you are at it). One of the first films I recall seeing as a child was Goldfinger and images of the sleek, racy and chic James Bond car of choice have stayed with me to this day.
sang it today in celebration of the 70th anniversary.
Even now she has night terrors and asks every night to make sure no one comes into the home.
When student loan interest rates were temporarily reduced from 6.8%to 3.4% a few years ago, it was to relieve those who had subsidized Stafford loans during tough economic times. The problem with giving temporary relief to group of individuals who are relatively new to creating personal budgets (recent college graduates) is that they rarely ever prepare for when the temporary relief ends. However, the idea of offering temporary relief in this case was that the economy was bad, so we’d make it easier on those with students loans to handle their debt Then when the economy rebounds and things look better for them, we can return interest rates to pre-relief levels.
Smoke the diced mushroom for 20 minutes with hickory wood chips. Remove from smoker and grind in a food processor or high-speed blender until well ground (not pureed). In a wok on medium-high heat saute the mushrooms until they've lost most of their liquid, about 6-8 minutes. At the end of cooking splash with the tamari and turn to coat. Remove from heat and set aside.
I met with all of the staff today that have helped me along on my journey. Along with that, I met with my psychologist who gave me this bound book that she put together. It is entitled ‘Letters from the heart’ and contains every single email correspondence that we’ve had between us since October 2010. In some ways, our ‘email therapy’ was more thorough and honest that our face-to-face therapy. I opened up so much in the letters to her. Found it much easier to communicate this way. Along with about 60 emails she has printed off, she also wrote me a letter just inside of the book. it reads:
Individual liberty versus government authority was from the beginning clearly the conservative message to the great conservative communicator. And he had the same message in his farewell speech as President. He makes it clear there that there is just ONE thing he stood for above all: Individual liberty. Some excerpts:
The Unknown San Francisco Sound: Kak, Mad River
Cuba
Not altogether different from Murdoch’s British tabloids suddenly deciding that Labour was not the devil on earth, and backing Tony Blair when it was obvious he would become prime minister in a landslide. Not that any of these papers’ far Right rantings slackened for a moment. Business is business, no matter how well Murdoch can keep a straight face.
A couple of months ago we started working with Drambuie. The aim - to introduce a new generation of people to this unique drink. For a lot of people, Drambuie is a vague memory that lives at the back of their parents' (or grandparents') drinks cabinet, brought out once a year at Christmas. Or worse still, they haven't heard of it at all.
While in Little Tokyo in L.A. a few weeks ago, my parents and I visited the Japanese American National Museum. Like most museums, JANM offered a student discount if I could produce a student ID. However, I was on vacation, and who brings their ID on vacation? The conversation happened as follows:
books, including the best-selling book, The House of Dimon (a profile of
It looks like on the box there can be 6 or 7 little ones.
New York and I have a delicate relationship. I’d like to say it is “Love/Hate,” but in reality it has often been “Frustrated/More Frustrated.” So, no one was more surprised than I was when I agreed to take a quick trip (very quick—only two days in the city) across country for an alumni meeting.
Alba Polenghi Lisca
Modern-day Leftists too seem to seek influence outside the normal democratic channels -- from strikes and demonstrations to often successful attempts to get the courts to make law.
Try out the many bidding websites spread throughout the net because they are out there waiting for your business all the time. Are you worried about how you are going to pay them? If I were you I would save up a couple hundred dollars to spend on hiring these writers. Other than that your network of blogs should be able to pay for themselves if you are generating income from Google Adsense on every post that is published by the writers. This alone has equal probability of paying for the articles published by the writers, and bringing in a nice income for you too.
5. His concern over stars magnifies His concern over His people
And then there are the news stories about the high school football or basketball player, who has Down syndrome, and scores a touchdown or makes a basket.
Takoma Park Elementary School is in the middle of the neighborhood, the ideal location for kids to walk and bicycle to school. As we know, when kids walk or bicycle to school, they arrive at school ready to learn and focus and gain physical activity important for health. Plus, with the reduced car traffic, air quality is better around schools and stress is alleviated for all by avoiding congested drop-off and pick-up lines.
ARAMA, I didn’t know that! =o
What’s the problem, Gib? Are you afraid of worms?
This was the Chilean version of Empanadas but one of the mom said that she knows Venezuelan version of Empanadas so we will try that sometime.
2) they are part of a networking group/shared interest
Our first reverse-culture shock was seeing actual highways with overpasses and center dividers. And NO animals on the road. It was amazing (yes, we probably had lost our minds a little).
I cant express how much I love it. The designs are beautiful, the animation is excellent, it is funny (if you’re living in Israel) and to sum it up in one word: FUN.
In Coming On Home Soon, by Jacqueline Woodson, Ada Ruth's mama is going away to Chicago to find work, "They're hiring colored women in Chicago since all the men are off fighting in the war." After Mama leaves, Grandma holds Ada Ruth when she cries. While they wait for Mama to come on home, a kitten comes around. Grandma says, "You know we can't keep it." But they do. Grandma and Ada Ruth make it through a rough winter, and eventually Mama does come on home.
For over two centuries, it published the Rural Registers and Almanacs, begun in 1844. The growth of this publication, which included political, socio-economic and scientific information as well as education articles for American pioneers, expanded from the original production of 13,000 copies to 600,000 copies.***
Or our country is dead meat
This fledgling effort by twenty-something writer Marissa Meyer offers reasonably quick pacing and many not-entirely-expected plot twists, so it kept me interested most of the time.
- Cayenne & Cinnamon Truffle
. . . gives me a voice.
The Prophet Muhammad stressed the importance of women and the respect that should be shown to them when he said — paradise lies at the feet of your mother.
Blush in Fantastico Mauve and Corallina.
The word karma refers to prescribed duties. The word vikarma refers to activities which are against one’s prescribed duties. And the word akarma refers to activities which have no reaction at all. In the execution of akarmic activities, there may appear to be some reactions, but in actuality there are not. When we work under the directions of K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a, this is actually the case—there are no reactions. If we take it upon ourselves to kill someone, we are subject to capital punishment by the state government. Our actions are then called vikarma, for they are against prescribed actions. If, however, the government drafts us into the army, and we engage in battle and kill someone, we do not suffer the reactions, and this is called akarma. In the one case we are acting according to our own whims, and in the other we are acting under the direction of the government. Similarly, when we act under the direction of K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a, our actions performed are called akarma, for that kind of activity has no reaction.
you take a chance
Richard Avery Aronow, 48, Mahwah, N.J.
Rating: 8.5/10
The film is based on true events about two cops who are trying to change the course of history in Texas City. A slew of murders have taken place in this small town. Bodies have been dumped in the ever eerie marshland, which has been deemed “The Killing Fields”. It’s quite a high stakes journey with a little bit of everything. It’s certainly a dark thriller, but the action qualities of the film balance it out nicely.
I believe that this series shows how she has blossomed as a writer! And I'm so glad that I didn't let the author shy me away from trying the series.
All the evil-wishers in the
"You're not going crazy," said Will with maddening calm. "You're not seeing things at all. This is part of your heritage and history. It's time you knew about it."
As I was sitting between matches today one girl stopped over to tell me how much she respects what I'm doing. One of the officials from the World Team Trials stopped by to tell me she remembers me and to wish me best of luck.
Change can only happen if we truly believe it to be possible. So I need to start believing in myself don’t i? And i need to read my large collection of self help books…. I wish there was an easy way, I wish i could click my fingers and be one of those happy, smily people everyone wants to be. I have one of those as a friend, I wished she lived closer so her positivity could rub off on me! Ah well.
Tomorrow to Syracuse.
Heading back outside to enjoy some of this great weather.
Bpdc: back post double crochet
Only a handful of tickets left.
This story is now coming out, and we have some alternative news about uprising within America by “patriots” who want mass arrests of the criminals who have betrayed the American people and stolen our wealth.
So by the time soccer practice rolled around this evening, Momma was tired.
And there’s that other stupid song.
But my favorite has to be "Missing in Action" by Jim Eanes &His Shenandoah Valley Boys. It's the story of a soldier who was wounded in battle, left for dead and taken prisoner by the enemy. But the narrator escapes and makes it home. Nobody was home, but when he goes in he finds a wedding photo -- his wife had married another guy. He then finds a letter to the Mrs. from the Army saying that her first husband was missing in action and presumed dead. The sad soldier doesn't want to spoil his wife's happiness, so he decides just to move along without letting his wife know he's still alive.
Take this shelf, for example:
Graham crackers
This image came from Ann Fenton on the site of The Outlawz...You can get his image by joining the challenge. You have two weeks to make and enter your card or project on the forum..
But the crusta was still around in 1939, when the Gentleman's Companion was first published, and it is curiously included in bar books through the 1950s not to mention afterward. Despite its lavish garnish, the crusta was not forgotten like so many of its contemporaries, or those cocktails that had been created later. Therefore, it is not terribly surprising to find the crusta hidden in a section dedicated to champagne drinks in a tome dedicated to unearthing worthy libations from all over the world. And it is really not surprising that Charles Baker uncovers it while journeying through China in the years of the French Concession of Shanghai in the early 1930s. What is curious is that what Baker calls a crusta hardly resembles the original crusta at all. For starters, the lemon juice, which always stood out to me as one of the defining elements of a crusta, is not present in the recipe for the Imperial Cossack Crusta. And while the sugared rim is included, and then subsequently exaggerated as the recipe calls for the entire interior of the glass to be sugar-coated, the famous lemon peel is missing. The only part of this champagne crusta that recalls the classic crusta is he sugar. If I had looked at the recipe without knowing its name, I would have never have pegged it as a crusta-style drink.
His voice to me is calling.
Hey hey hey! Turns out the day I called was the last day of a promotion: free myTouch 4G (their flagship phone at the moment, and Consumer Reports highest-rated smartphone) for new subscribers.
Indulge your guilty pleasures with the deviously dark bronzing formula that will instantly make others envious of your Sinfully Black® color. No need to repent! Be proud of your dark, rich color! Get greedy with this 15x brew of Hemp Seed Oil, Black Currant Oil, KuKui Nut Oil and other skin nourishing Vitamins for skin so soft and gorgeous it will be lusted over! Being this dark is sinful.
The Telegraph quote Amnesty,
However, this is 30% less than scientists had previously thought. Greenland and Antarctica are melting as much as experts expected, but the rest of the world was a surprise. The biggest discrepancy was in Asia.
4- What is the best or worst piece of advice you've been given about running?
Reading my horse: do I know what my horse is thinking and feeling well enough to feel safe?
Let’s summarise all key points of my presentation and make a conclusion.
The past few days though her and Allie have had a horrible cold resulting in needing the nose blown about every five minutes. Instead of having to walk the 10 extra steps into the bedroom each time to retrieve a kleenex I decided to keep them up high on the couch. I was in the other room helping Allie go potty when I came back in I found this...
"Do you want her to be calm and beautiful?" asks the teacher.
But if you are fairly comfortable financially and simply want to reorganise your finances and / or free up some extra cash every month, a
Belle Maison in
Then Jesus went with his disciples to a place called Gethsemane, and he said to them, “Sit here while I go over there and pray.” He took Peter and the two sons of Zebedee along with him, and he began to be sorrowful and troubled. Then he said to them, “My soul is overwhelmed with sorrow to the point of death. Stay here and keep watch with me.” Going a little farther, he fell with his face to the ground and prayed, “My Father, if it is possible, may this cup be taken from me. Yet not as I will, but as you will.” Then he returned to his disciples and found them sleeping. “Couldn’t you men keep watch with me for one hour?” he asked Peter. “Watch and pray so that you will not fall into temptation. The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.” (Matthew 26:35–41 )
“I am excited about him getting the opportunity to be a head coach,” APSU basketball coach Dave Loos said. “Most guys in this business aspire to that. I wish him well.
Lots of great options on the menu, and my original thought was to have a burger. Instead, they had a thin cut rib eye on the menu served with a mashed potato and asparagus, and I just couldn't pass it up at $20 or whatever the cost was.
Delaware paid an extra price for its multiyear effort to redevelop Wilmingtons Christina River waterfront. In addition to clearing away old structures and building new streets and utilities, the worst of the citys environmental legacies had to be removed, cleaned up or sealed over.
Admiring the gift for her cousin
its taking over.
With wine merchants sales in full swing a word or two of warning about snapping up what may look like unmissable bargains:
“And Jesus answering saith unto them, Have faith in God. For verily I say unto you, That whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea; and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall come to pass; he shall have whatsoever he saith. Therefore I say unto you, what things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.”
severing my fingers and their
2) I will love and appreciate myself just the way I am. No need to change me.
I ran with a brand-new snazzy headband for this race. LOVED IT. If you have a lot of hair that needs taming, go out and buy some of these stretchy-rubbery bands. This is what I looked like pre-race after sleeping approximately 2.34 hours:
We are located at 3620 Falls Road in Baltimore Maryland, inside of Atomic Books.
I took a seat and waited patiently for my Tok Tok Mee! The air was filled with the nice aroma of Tok Tok Mee when it was served. Tok Tok Mee is actually flat dried noodles that have been fried till the wok hei (hot wok) smell are infused into it. Then it is doused in a flavourful gravy that tasted almost like the one used for Singapore Hokkien Mee. The verdict!.......Tok Tok mee is very delicious.....! I will be back for more! LOL! A plate cost me RM5.
An Imperfect Offering is Orbinski’s deeply personal tale of the struggle between self-preservation and outreach, and how he manages to find both. His story spurs us to find our courage and let it live.
The festive atmosphere our hosts had created was impressive. There were streamers, balloons, multi-colored lights and piñatas. The tables were set up with popcorn for an appetizer and as much lemonade as we could drink. Although I wasn’t accustomed to fish that hadn’t been covered in batter and deep-fried, that fish was amazing. Many of my fellow students opted out of the main course because the fish were presented to us whole – head and eyes and all. Yum. After the meal we had a great time with piñatas and just hanging out with the kids.
If we get back at all:
When you completely relinquish
But that approach to storytelling, she says, “leads people to think a bit more about the story after the ending.”
Southampton grew to manhood and, unlike the poet, was able to fulfill his dreams of military glory. He married, though not the poet's daughter, and himself had a son, in whom perhaps he saw reflected his own youthful beauty, as the poet had predicted. Called back to military action in France in his early fifties after a long period of peace, he died of a fever near the battlefield, five days after the death of his nineteen-year-old son. One can't help but wonder if, tormented by the loss of his son and the approach of the deadly fever, he recalled lines written for him by one long dead who'd loved him long ago. Did he remember as he lay dying:
"I have to go now," I said. "Bye."
The organizers have thus used my name without my approval and without my confirmed attendance.
On my walk to work
Coloring - While the pony rides were going on I had taped down (it was a very windy day) some free printable cowboy/cowgirl pictures for the kids at their places at the table that they could color if they got tired of watching everyone else ride the horses.
“And Peter answered and said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God.”
I have had friends … Killed in a Car wreck…. Coming home from a church service on a Sunday night… Who loved God and walked to the best of their ability to serve a faithful God…
Annika would tell me, Let’s go to Kuya’s room. I knew that Kuya didn’t like us kids disturbing him, so when Annika said, Let’s go to Kuya’s room, I knew she meant, Let’s wait outside Kuya’s room, press our ears against the door, and try to listen to their conversations.
A few years back a friend of mine had given me a recipe for a simple Jamaican curry, any vegetable, curry powder, and rice. Determined to make something good out of what we had I set to finding the ingredients, some of them, like the coconut milk and oil had to be made. Digging through the back yard and making multiple market runs for a few unusual items, my endeavor at first was met with pessimism from Perla, almost excited to see me fail, waiting for an “I told you so moment!” However, once the smells of the curry and the sautéed vegetables started pouring out of the kitchen, Perla could not be contained, she started jotting down the ingredients, preparation methods, asking questions about spices, why some things were sautéed, others steamed. The anticipation was killing her. Finally after a few hours of grating coconut, countless market runs, and difficulty with the rice, we had our Market Halo Halo. Perla gave it a 95, she is after all one of the best Filipino cooks I have met, and has worked abroad cooking in Saudi and Chinese homes.
What if a shark ate the life raft?
* Please arrive before your session begins so that we can take full advantage of our time together.
Keep cost down while increasing what you bring in... but I'll give you 14-21 day... if you Execute as directed
This season, they've placed an additional display table at the northern end of the greenhouse, opposite the entrance.
PUTAR: It has been said that it is the China-driven boom that is responsible for rocketing Australians from 15th place in the world in terms of GDP per capita in 1992 to seventh.
Trust, respect and honor you bring
b. If a fifth of the members of the People’s Assembly object to a legislative decree, on the grounds of its unconstitutionality within 15 days of it is being presented to the Assembly, the Court shall rule on it within 15 days of lodging the objection at the Court;
63ml passionfruit puree
Ernest Goes to Jail
TICKETS:
I wish I knew her story!!!!
01 Blue Moon (Rodgers, Hart) 4:35
As the title Hero Mama suggests, Karen clearly sees, and writes out the story of her mother as the hero. Her mother who in spite of all her weakness and sin, chooses to do what is best and good for the family. Becoming a registered nurse through grit and determination, God’s grace being at work to see her through so that the destruction of war did not have the final say. And her sacrifice–one example: not marrying because she did not think this one she loved would love her children–with a good ending.
"I can't take this fake shit ..."
Malcolm has no familiarity with Scottish law, and only a passing interest in the shenanigans of Tommy Sheridan (Malcolm has a Trot-allergy). He has, however, heard of Douglas Wight.
the good news is:
“Ah’ so much fun, so much horror,
And to just make the day more irksome, as I was walking around work, my bracelet latch caught onto something and unhooked. When the bracelet fell to the floor I had accidentally lost one of the links to it. I wasn’t a happy camper about this, but I’m sure it is something that I can fix with my jewelry making kit.
But, a precise definition of faith-based organization or faith-based community organizations, except to say that these were organizations involved in social service delivery, has remained vague.
12. 100 Days, 100 Nights - Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings / 3:45
5. Add the creme fraiche and bring the dish to the boil. Then turn down the heat to gentle simmer and season well, adding the parsley.
The Over the Rainbow closing scene was beautiful. Jack still seemed confused by his awakening but was enveloped by the warmth and love of his friends. They chose to be of a collective consciousness and physically move on together.
Although I didn't really keep count.
Use every container you have to pack other things. I bought a bunch of storage boxes from IKEA to store different craft and computer things in, and they were never filled to the brim, but you can bet they are now with little knick-knacks that really had no place and my 4x6 pictures frames that I didn't feel like putting in a box.
Who are the real extremists? Who are the true 'haters'?
“That’s an easy one. Sitting by you would do it.”
Setting sun wrapped up the day
DEVIL’S KISS by Zoe Archer
“Everyone in my high school, including me, despised ‘April’ when I was a solo artist,” adds Hart. ”I would be on stage with my acoustic guitar and everyone in town listened to hardcore so you can’t actually make a band with anyone. At the time I was recording in my basement and that was the one song where I said fuck it. I turned up all the settings the opposite way and I just wrote this really pissed-off song. Also, I wrote it the week after the first high school party I ever went to where I wound up getting shit-faced and puking in this kid’s bushes, it was pretty sweet. But I definitely hated the song when I wrote it.”
- pop it in a tuppaware type box and freeze until, well, frozen
PS will give update on what I have found out, who I have spoken to etc. RPOA of Texas (see below) can use donations. Whatever you can give. But I do have some tentative good news. Just not out of the woods. Now I need to get hold of all the vets in my town, see who belongs to VMA and try to get hold of it's president. I liken it to Obama stating the AMA was behind his healthcare plan. Very low percent of docs belong to the AMA anymore. So we shall see. I smell a rat in the VMA, so need to have Texas vets come together and see what this is all about. Not paying attention is a lot easier, but...some things are worth fighting. Lots of things actually)
I'm left picking up broken pieces, trying to fit them back into the puzzle, knowing that some of them are crushed too badly to ever make the picture whole again.
That just because he may not answer doesn't mean he don't care
What further adds to this atmosphere of hopelessness is the implication that all philosophies and thought systems, be they religion or revolutionary politics or science, are incapable of bringing the world under control. In fact, García Márquez’s fictional universe is governed by the randomness of chance, if it is governed by anything at all. Arguably the most significant events in the novel are total accidents, from the very founding of Macondo in the middle of a swamp to the mysterious death of José Arcadio. The arcane lore of Melquiades’ gypsies and Pilar Ternera’s tarot cards seem to explain the idiosyncracies of the world better than Father Nicanor’s bogus religious doctrines or José Arcadio Buendía’s scientific boondoggles (themselves a pastiche of First World Enlightenment values of progress and civilisation). Indeed, José Arcadio Buendía ultimately loses his faith in science and reason to find himself “completely disoriented” by the “fearful solitude” of the world.
YES, they really are that big! And YES, they bite! And YES, they are PERVASIVE. Imagine those suckers crawling around in your house. Actually, don't imagine it, because it's just too disgusting/creepy.
Would you like to hold the tiniest primate in the world? Or scuba dive with a whale shark?
Turlo was quick with a response. "We're there." He looked at me looked back down over the canopy of the engine car. "The Emerald City. The Jewel of Oz. The Crown of the Continent."
Not sure why, but I never got to paint all the weapon options… which was just stupid. With a possible two upcoming tourneys, and even though I have a painted metal Juggernaut, I decided it was finally time to paint his plastic kit open hand. And of course I sat and also painted de Marauder’s pistons and the Decimator’s gun.
It snowed the day he arrived. I knew it would. I don’t know how or why I knew, but I just did. Like most kids who grew up on the beaches of Australia’s East Coast, I have a thing for snow. The rare sight of it transforms me into a giddy child.
A group of Crown Heights residents who are inspired by the Occupy Wall Street movement have come together to work towards a more socially, environmentally, and economically just Crown Heights. We are working with community organizations to build on the momentum of the Occupy movement and solve some of the most pressing issues in our neighborhood. Some of the issue areas we have been discussing so far include:
Does anyone else incorporate speed work into their routine? Any creative speed workouts to share?
Stay tuned as I talk more tomorrow about all of the coupons that are available to print on the Internet.
A Few Concerns
Making raw kale taste good can be a challenge, because it has a slightly bitter aftertaste, but I find destemming it and cutting the leaves in ribbons into a "chiffonade" style works well for a salad. When kale is mixed with wild fermented kraut, which has a natural, mild tangy taste that is different than vinegar, I find that it cancels out any of the bitterness of the kale, leaving the sweet taste. Carrots provide some more sweetness, and then the flavor is rounded out with grated onion and lots of fresh ground pepper. I find I can grate the carrots and onion and rinse off the box grater faster than hauling out the food processor. I save the food processor for big jobs
We are just a bustle of activity right now, and in the middle of that bustle of activity, I still have to try to figure out school stuff, routines, etc.!
What I’ve learned in my personal life, is that acting upon, or encouraging the homosexual feelings puts a wedge between God and I. When I allow that sin to take over, it literally takes over. Then I’m generally back to square one with opening myself up to Jesus and running back to Him.
I try to keep things steady, to keep it all going and not tip to the side of drama. I hold in the frustrations and stop saying the full truth. I can handle this, I think, and decide that there is nothing worth saying that I can’t fix on the sidelines. There is something about wanting to remain unstressful for the people around me. For not demanding more attention to the projects and goings on in my world. I sabotage myself by the absence of words.
You’re in the car with at least one other Arab or Arab-American, maybe practicing your tabla (Middle Eastern drum) beat on the dashboard as you listen to the latest Haifa Wahby/Najwa Karam/Rami Ayyash, or maybe flexing your vocal cords to some serious Fairuz or Sabah Fakhry, or maybe even punctuating the air with explosive, pointy hand gestures as you shout out the words to the latest Arabic rap that you got from your cousin who just flew in from Amman.
Fortunately about 10 metres after the roundabout there is a pelican crossing, and the lights were on red so we stopped to let the people cross.
Amazon, Insight Global, Starbucks, ConsolidatedGraphics, Macy’s, Ross, McGladrey & Pullen will be recruiting on the UW Seattle soon.
There also has been both growth and consolidation in the physician organization market the Managed Care Information Center studies have found.
2) Step up to the challenge and take the risk of creating our life exactly the way we want it.
(Fred Talking)
Ben-David believes an Israeli attack could lead to all-out war.
Papers: Papertrey Ink's White, Tan cardstock, Green Cardstock, Georgia Pacific White, DP by My Mind's Eye and MemoriesComplete
Of course I’m a geek, as we all know by now, and as a geek I’ve read and researched and informed myself to the point of madness. And now we’re here on the day of the first appointment, the first information-gathering, answer-seeking, face-to-face with a professional who can help me answer the Big Burning Question, and I’m so well-informed that I can’t concentrate on anything else but the nasty thoughts that are crowding into my brain. Though I can amuse myself, at least, by imagining the Monty Python scene with the Killer Bunny, whose legendary nasty, sharp, pointy teeth are the nemesis of King Arthur’s men. It looks all cute and fuzzy and innocent on the surface, but don’t get too close — it’ll gnaw your head off.
The main image is a Stampendous stamp called I Love Paris. I've blended DI over it and then flicked water at the image and painted the flowers with Tattered Rose DI. The frill down the side is made from TH Tissue Tape.
Beauty is not enough.
:: I have mixed feeling about Craig Thompson's latest work, Habibi. I honestly don't know what to make of it. This long, sprawling tale follows two youths in a fictional Arabic land, a young woman and a boy, whose grim turns in life bring them together. They run away into the desert and make a home, of sorts, in an abandoned boat, where the woman cares for the boy, who slowly grows up and starts to notice things about the woman he lives with.
Cool crop circles formations that took place very recently.
We are powerless without a road district. We finally are getting tax money to make badly needed improvements. Sadly this recall has to be paid for by the road district. This money for needed repairs will be taken from you. The folks at the beginning of the road have the worst section and will get major work done from money collected from everyone else on Cammann road Anchorage and Wingert streets, Plummers court and Hargens lane. We are in this together. This recall will hurt the road district. It is meant to. I promise to continue to volunteer my time and labor to you. Please vote against the recall.
Barton thinks as so many that might is right and money is evidence of God’s grace. I was disappointed to read that James Dobson of Focus on the Family said that God favors America because he gave it the greatest military in the world.
In unrelated news, my little guy is getting big. Filling out, solid limbs, visible muscle definition in legs now... It's freaking me out. As most parents do in times such as these, I suppose, I am recalling with fondness and nostalgia (and teary eyes) memories from his very early childhood.
After checking out the view, us pleibes made our way back down to ground level to check out The Shoppes at Marina Bay Sands (and enjoy the air conditioning in the mall - temperatures were in the 70s in late December and everyone was in shorts/dresses and flip flops - can't imagine how hot it would be in the summer!)
What else might the news presenter have been implying by her comment that there was a ‘pride issue for the soldiers’? There is a small chance that she was implying that having a mental breakdown is shameful. This is unlikely since today a fundamental shift in attitude is gradually taking place, and people are realizing that everyone is vulnerable to mental health challenges owing to the condition of being humanly fallible, and that people can and do recover.
So now, what stage are you on?
Part of the immeasurable fun of going on a mini-adventure is the planning. Be it a dirty weekend in the Lakes or Peak or sorting logistics for fortnight on the trail or road, the sense of anticipation is keenly felt.
However, now blacks are using the one drop rule to advance their own political agenda. Given that half of black pregnancies end in abortion, blacks must have some means of keeping their numbers and corresponding political influence from dwindling.
Referring to a report by the former Animal Welfare Council he claimed that "such a massive injury could result in very significant pain and distress", particularly because the throat has a large number of nerve endings.
What worries me is the report in the same article, that so called racist crimes have gone up to 802 in the last year. For Gods sake what did the "elite" expect when you dump a pile of rubbish in someones front room, people are going to get annoyed. Of course they should not get violent but they should damn well scream the house down and make their stupid, self serving local politicians understand they do not want to be "enriched". And if the turnips hear the screams good. The British People have been silent for too long. Make a noise.
Yesterday was my ONE year anniversary at Lifetime with Weight Watchers and I have way too many words for it to be a Wordless Wednesday. Last night, was also the same night of The Year in Review: Red Carpet Debut.
So what is the deal with me here? Is it so terrible that I can't just run off for a carefee weekend of reckless abandon now? Because like.... I don't think I've ever run off for a weekend of carefree abandon in my life. Getting a dog just kind of seals the deal, I guess. It's official.
Gently fold in flour mixture 1/4 c. at a time. Mix only until flour mixture disappears.
Whenever the fans start questioning Wenger the pundits always respond to the calls for his head with the question: “Well if not Wenger, who else?”
The Court of Justice considered that the referred question was, for all essential purposes, answered by the judgment in Medeva (C-322/10) and therefore delivered a Reasoned Order. The Court's language is closely modelled on that used Medeva and concludes that Article 3(a) precludes the grant of a SPC relating to active ingredients which are not specified in the wording of the claims of the basic patent. The ruling of the Court is therefore as follows:
2010.08.27 Iraq Mosul 2 0 A middle-aged Buddhist couple is brutally murdered by Muslim gunmen as they are returning from market.
Elm Publishing refers several times to a bookshop. That bookshop is here, UK Bookland, part of UK Unpublished, but it is not linked or available for visitors to the site. Nowhere on the website is there a single book.
“Me and phones.”
Your hand can't touch me anymore
Her newest collection, Spring Awakening, has built on her previous strengths while embracing new silhouettes and colors. If you're a fan of brightly colored lingerie, this is your collection.
Anne Rice – The Master Of Rampling Gate
I was pretty nervous going out to Ohio for the photoshoot, but it was a blast. My editor and the photographer were so professional and friendly. What a great team, full of thoughts, observations and ideas. I felt really comfortable with them and all the folks at F&W. It was definitely weird though having people watch me work and take notes. Yikes.
By Amy Efaw
Markers: Blush Blossom, Blushing Bride, Wild Wasabi, Close to Cocoa, Not Quite Navy, River Rock and Gelly Roll Pen
I got teary eyed leaving the hospital today, because today is the first day of our new life. Today- we get to be a "normal" family for the first time since before Max was born. Today is the start of our new life and we are going to grab it by the horns and live the heck out of it.
I put the baby down and stroked his hair so he could sleep.
In keeping with the FDL architecture, an engine is assigned to a two-point stroke. Two engines will be provided in the first release candidate, arrowed lines and arcs. The start and end arrows are optional, so these engines provide a back-door to drawing lines and arcs. Not sexy, but the existing line decorators are applicable, so it’s incredibly easy to draw dotted or dashed lines.
He could never be alone
Down in the boondocks
“Oh, I don’t mind,” she said, “I’m in no hurry. I’m on my way to a hospice.”
Stanza six. The great confession rings out again, and builds through the ages with intensity and strength; “This is the Christ, the Son of the living God! He is the Father’s Son who brings peace between God and man. By His death, He has destroyed death, making us whole and removing the strangling malice of the devil, the corrupted sinful flesh, and death’s cold tomb. Where O death is your victory? Where O death is your sting? You are abandoned, O ills of flesh and soul. You are bound in the tomb, conquered and left behind in your own demise by the Savior of the Nations who has come.
Fleischmann spent several weeks working on his application for the NSLI-Y scholarship with Dr. Melinda Grimsley-Smith, Coordinator of International Scholarships in the Office of Scholar Development.
There’s a quiz near the beginning of the book that I pretty much failed. LOL. But, the rest of the book goes on to explain the reasons in more detail. (If that sounds confusing, you’ll just have to read the book to understand!)
And I'm SURE I'm missing some (probably many!) other terms.
I have been having SOOO much fun with some of the products from Stampin Ups new mini catalog! I love everything in it! I ordered the Mixed Bunch set and the punch that went with it as one of my purchases. I thought today I would share a set of cards that I made using that set.
The source of the sound is unknown, but is sufficiently loud to be heard over the entire array. The duration is approximately 15 seconds and is severely band limited. The approximate origin is 1999JD60 2218Z near 15S, 98W. Listen to the Julia sound
And so much more.
1 tbs taco seasoning
In order to be more accountable I will tweet when I exercise.
OPI Steady as She Rose
-Egon Schiele, Austrian painter
How many times have we worked in our work life the same way each time only because it was the way we did it last time? What if God has a better way? What if God has a different plan than ours? “So David inquired of God…” These are the important words that we are to learn from. We must be in such relationship with God that we are constantly inquiring of His mind on every matter. When we do this, we can expect the same results that David achieved-success in our endeavor and recognition by God.
The UCSI lecturer also said the supplementary roll for the last quarter of 2011 did not contain the usual information about the number of voters added or subtracted due to death or enrolment in security forces.
9. Six String On a Wing (4:33)
(31) Hebrews 10:19-22
Beloved Movie Star by Stan Ridgway
In 2009 neither of the authors had any idea they would be leading a revolution. Martin was a mother of two who was cleaning houses to make ends meet. Meckler was a northern California attorney. They would end up starting one of the largest grassroots organizations in America. You can visit its site at http://www.teapartypatriots.org/.
Air France - It Feels Good To Be Around You (Memory Tapes remix)
If you’ve been following me and my blog for a while, you probably know that I am a little anal when it comes to tracking my reads. I have multiple blogs, each one for a different purpose, but several that are book-related.
During this time, two things happened. First, client management got disillusioned with market research. They started getting rid of researchers who had been so wrong so often.
Here's a page that I demonstrated at a Stampin' Up! party this past weekend.
12. Kors clogs, $4.99
She passed away this weekend.
And growing
I have long avoided On the Road--for a variety of reasons. For one, there is Truman Capote's famous gloss, "That's not writing, that's typing." Second, there has been entirely too much said and written about the work so that it is nearly impossible to read without all of the baggage. And third, the several times I tried it, I simply wasn't hooked, I found it overwritten and simplistic.
Aspartame is the most popular artificial sweetener in the United States, but I think a more apt description would be the most dangerous food additive on the U.S. market.
The down side of having an acre of land? Having to keep it up. Thankfully the land lords left their riding lawn mower! Now all we have to worry about is the two giant Maple Trees in our back yard that are dumping thousands of leaves all over our back yard that we'll have to clean up! Oh well, the view and land is worth the sacrifice!
Tens of thousands of refugees in Niger, Chad, and the countries of North Africa, as well as some in Europe. Further strain on food-insecure communities and governments with limited resources. Exacerbation of anti-Washington sentiments in communities far beyond the proverbial “Arab street” – many people I know in Kano, for example, strongly disagreed with NATO’s decision to intervene. Economic damage stemming from the loss of remittances from workers in Libya to communities south of the Sahara. Diplomatic struggles over the fate of Qadhafi’s lieutenants and family members. Fears that ethnic violence in southeastern Libya will spread to Chad and Sudan. Weapons on the loose. And war in Mali.
3/4 cup heavy cream, at room temperature
Denise: I use Facebook and Twitter exclusively. They are fantastic for spreading the word and I use them a lot for brainstorming ideas.
The biggest problem you will face when it comes to living alone is able to afford it. Cost of living alone is quite a bit higher than the cost of sharing a place. Not only will you have to pay more rent if you are the only living there you will also have to cover all other bills. You could barely pay your bills when you live with someone else then there is a pretty good chance that you can not afford to live alone.
This first novel has been a huge learning experience but I love it. I can honestly say I’m finding my own path now. Finding what works for me to produce quality work in a relatively short amount of time. Which is good. Because as I draw closer to the end of the book, the more pumped I get to see it in my beta readers hands.
There are pros and cons for each option. Buying from supermarkets means you can pick up a book on your weekly shop, and they're usually at rock bottom prices, often even cheaper than Amazon. However, supermarkets only stock a small selection, and it's usually the very mass market books that they expect will sell well. So if you're not looking for the next bestseller, this probably isn't the best place to go.
ULTRAMAN debuts on US television. United Artists snapped up the syndication rights to the show even before it had finished its Japanese network run. Ultraman continued to play in syndication in America until the mid-1980’s!
“Yeah, I guess I am.”
"Yes," i say, "Thank God."
To provide an example: My "A" topic will be my regular Thursday debate using the topic of April Fool's Day. On Friday when I often write about mysteries I will be talking about Babylon. On Saturday I always have a review of my past week's posts and the upcoming posts so on April 3 my topic will be Capsulization. I will resume the challenge on Monday with one of my Persnickety Penman installments-- D as in Dictionary. See how easy it is. I don't really have to change my format of what I normally write, just come up with topics that correspond with the letter of the day. I printed out a calendar grid for the month of April and x'ed out the Sundays and wrote the letters in each of the daily squares. In less than an hour I came up with all of my topics for each letter. And I can still change them if I want---I probably will change some. It was fun just filling in the 26 topics and imagining the possibilities.
ASDA (which is owned by
I was on that plane, and I’d like to offer my point of view. I sensed no smoke whatsoever, and now investigations have pointed to a faulty smoke detector. Shame on the people that were fearmongering to the press.
Well, I'm almost packed - just a few more projects before I leave tomorrow morning. If you are attending CHA, please visit and say HELLO! at Spellbinders Paper Arts - Booth #1883.
My initial impression of the book was more frustration than impressed.
Excuse the terrible lighting in the photo. The blues and reds in real life are really vivid, bright colours. And yes, that is sewing that you see on my card...done by me...on a real sewing machine!! Mum has given me her old sewing machine. It has returned from being repaired and I am loving it! Expect to see some sewing on most of cards from now on! I did attempt to sew around the white circle but it was WAY more difficult to do than I imagined, so that little white circle (with it's crooked bits of sewing) has ended up in the bin. I think I'll stick with straight lines.
I grabbed his hand and placed it firmly in his palm.
For the first week or so I hung out in Healdsburg, in the wine country of northern California. Then we took a tour south, as far as Disneyland in Los Angeles, and the mission at San Juan Capistrano. We took in Cannery Row at Monterey, where John Steinbeck set his novel of the same name. We visited Yosemite and I got to gaze at the spectacular sight that is Half Dome.
Hope everyone is having a good Monday.
And, without exaggeration, I stood completely still for several moments, mouth open and everything, flabbergasted by her self-absorption. Still not quite over the ridiculous comment, I explained that Grand Ma’s dying-husband situation was a bit different than Anne's situation, at which point she further underscored her mind-numbing selfishness by screaming, “So what!?!”
A best selling remedy is Cuprum Metallicum for muscle cramps and leg cramps.
Imagine the young Corsican in Paris. He’s only 26 years old, identifying with these glittering women who’ve ascended to the capital, in the great French tradition of the ambitious provincial. He says women must come to Paris to “know their empire” — connaître leur empire. For Napoleon must already be dreaming of his own empire, through these women….
Speaking to queries from the media, she explained that the photos are not meant for public viewing and she was shocked when a friend chanced upon them online and tipped her off.
3 eggs (slightly beaten)
But I'll also work a little bit harder to find those impressionable moments and grasp on tight. To set the laundry down long enough to look into a little one's shining eyes while they tell of an adventure or to give a shoulder to a teenager who is struggling to find a way to explain how they are feeling. To laugh and smile and visit more.
It's a good bit of fun and a great excuse and opportunity to pick up some rather nice beers youy wouldn't normally see in the supermarket shelves. At three bottles for a fiver, you can't really go wrong.
This I broke down into small bite sized chucks.
Leonard Merrick – Frankenstein II
Finally there is the Second Nature Bookstore that carries Amazon-available titles and some in-world titles, run by Nathan Roussel. There is a scattering of bookstores in the grid, but in-world publishing is still in its infancy.
After a lot of contemplation and watching way too many episodes of ‘Hoarders’, ‘American Pickers’, ‘Dancing With The Stars’ and ‘The Bachelor’, the wife and I have come to a conclusion…… This just isn’t worth it.
Line a 13x9 pan with tin foil and grease the tin foil with Crisco. Cooking spray doesn't work as well as Crisco.
That which doesn’t kill us makes us stronger, but that which can kill us makes us reclusive, as crippled by our own fears and doubts and insecurities and guilt as by the physical limitations of a body that, after years of hedonism and neglect, is taking out its revenge on Benjamin Lethbridge.
A growth formula for 2011-2020
May the IKEA force be with you.
The Halton District School Board is proud to present the 9th Annual Halton Elementary Art Show, called Elements and Expressions, from Tuesday, May 1 until Thursday, May 3, 2012.
QUESTIONS have been raised over a massive loan made by the Land Bank to fund a BEE purchase with lofty political connections at a time when rural community projects were battling to get access to funds.
It’s sad to think that children are ending their lives because they don’t want to face the torment of a bully any longer. The young man who ended his life two weeks ago must have thought the same thing. Trying to “fit in” is bad enough without people making fun or you or chastising you for being yourself.
I pour myself a whisky and coke, drop in some ice and light a cigarette. The condensation from the cold, icy glass forms a small pool of water on the table beside my laptop and takes the form of my substitute tears.
were misleading and could be substantiated.
After a few weeks of waiting, our first book finally arrived. It appears that somehow the small detail of our country of abode had missed the address on the box! The book went all the way to Japan, but eventually managed to find its way to us here in New Zealand!
guess time flies when you`re having fun.
For example, The West today is very rich. It's also dying out due to low birthrates.
And there’s the rub… why, oh why, does the Weight Watchers site not interface with the Fitbit site (never mind, I know why)…
Mountain Sun Pub & Brewery Yonder Mountain Stout
Such a deranged mind but thoughts so tranquil doesn’t make me poetically
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ from
Sometimes I give in and indulge these lines of thought for a while. It's only human, I guess. It can help to get together with friends, with fellow writers, especially if there's good news to share. Mutual whining doesn't help. The main tactic that succeeds for me is actually sitting my ass in the chair writing. For a good solid chunk of time, more than one day at a time. String a few mornings together, and I can start to lose track of the other bullshit and remember that I like writing. A lot. The rest doesn't have to matter so much.
It is one thing to dislike a person's appearance, or even to call out an insult to demonstrate that dislike, but Romney attacked this young man, and encouraged others to assist him in the boy's humiliation.
I asked my neighbor if she had ibuprofen. Nope.
Fictional characters Gran, Cal, and Alice take on a trip across Canada, visiting every province, territory, and capitol city. Each province or territory is introduced with it’s flower and bird along with an list of items to find there. Side notes include “Cal’s Tweets,” “Hamster Updates,” “Cal’s Historial U-turns (graphic vignettes),” and “It’s The Truth!” provide additional information.
Boom, baby! Got it covered. I just made dirt the most nutritious thing in the world and it tastes like M&Ms. Eat up folks! This is so easy.
The alpha coefficient was too high; the risk too great. Losing my balance, I plummeted to the darkest recesses of the canyon. I had to release my tenuous grip on the briefcase, so I could pull my chute in my panic; it spilled classified papers all over the floor of the ravine when it exploded on impact. Struggling to free myself from the parachute, I cursed the debacle this mission had become. After finally getting the parachute to release me, I started to ponder over the enigma of where I was.
Buying printer ink cartridges is easy, however it’s getting the precise cartridge you want that can be tricky. When you use a Brother printer, ink cartridges usually are not too troublesome to acquire using that sizeable national brand. Brother ink cartridges are among the many most readily obtainable to buyers on the web. Having mentioned that, in case your printer needs an older or retired product of Brother ink cartridges, you can still hunt for them and get them.
The other guests were an astounding roster of MOR pop people from different eras, all phoning in — Morgan’s show will have none of the wonderful (and eminently watchable) circus-like aspect of King’s show, where everyone talked at once on separate satellite feeds. Thus, Donny Osmond was heard at one point, Paul Anka at another, Gloria Estefan at another, and a member of the Commodores and another gent from a Nineties black boy band to
In the air. KLM do ghastly little fairy cans, while Air France have a reasonable 33cl one. For that matter Air France offer wine (and beer) with breakfast, while KLM give you a slightly dirty look when you ask.
Therefore be at peace with God,
The episode title appears bottom-center of the screen, not the usual bottom-left.
release date: October 27, 1988 (Netherlands), January 25, 1991 (USA) and September 18, 2001 (Criterion Collection)
Have a great day, friends. I'll be back with some more fun tomorrow.
A woman is someone who has to be courageous – when the man she is with cannot be the man he is supposed to be for her.
The education of a warrior
P.S. The song is called Letter To Me, by Brad Paisley, in the country genre, on the album Fifth Gear. Or is it 5th Gear? Anyways all his albums and songs are very real and very awesome. I love him. But my sister loves him more. Too bad he’s married. Not to my sister though. I think she’s now obsessed and wanting to marry Blake Griffin.
I will keep it open til the end of May, thank you so much for all your support.
1/4 cup Camembert cheese, crumbled or chopped
The next day our sweet nurse Kate arranged for another pediatrician to pay us a visit. Dr. Reuter completely made up for the former pediatrician’s perceived lack of compassion. Here was a man who lovingly took my newborn daughter into his grand, gentle hands, held her close and softly stroked her tiny head full of dark hair. To this man, Nora was a baby, not a diagnosis. Instead of taking Nora into the adjoining room to examine her, he asked if he could examine her right there on the bed, that way William and I could both be present. My heart swelled with emotion and gratitude as Dr. Reuter proceeded to get down on his knees to get a better look at this sweetest of babies. He understood our concerns and took the time to answer our questions. He wanted to know all about our journey to that point with genuine interest and compassion. The comfort and love that emanated from this man was just what we needed. He was a true Godsend. As he left our room, we both got emotional, thanking God for sending Dr. Reuter right when we needed him.
I will work there *anytime*...Evil Queen, you just give me a ring, m'kay?
After firing I see him lean aside and look eagerly off to note the
Sadly some children were abused by priests. How anyone can violate a child is beyond me. It has to be a mental defect, one that requires life long treatment and tougher sentences. We need to pray for the victims, their families and the perpetrators. It is also true that some of these perpetrators were transferred by their bishop to new parishes where they re-offended. The notion that this was a deliberate plot by a pedophila ring inside the Church is outrageous. Bishops are not experts in all matters. The psychological community during the 1970's & '80s thought pedophila to be curable, the remedy being sabbatical, counselling, and reassignment. Unfortunately some bishops took that advice, tragic results followed, but thankfully it won't happen again.
As a pebble in a river
Since it is just a block away from the post office, it will also make it easier to handle the boxes and packages that people send us each day. The building needs a good cleaning and then quite a bit of work, but our maintenance staff is up for the challenge. When we went to check inside the store we invited Chantelle, who manages the current thrift store to go with us. She and Becky have done a lot of work to get the plans and proposal ready and were as excited as two St. Joseph’s kids at the Christmas Store.
I disagree with his rankings and see fit to give you my rankings:
In all the raids conducted by the Prophet Muhammad, he was the one attacked. If she knew anything about the Koran and the Sunna… She should read the Torah and tell us what it says. With regard to distant cities, the Torah says: “Slay all their males by the sword.” It does not exclude elderly men or children. As for the nearby cities of Palestine, which they call the Promised Land, the Torah says: “When you enter them, annihilate everyone, and do not leave a breathing soul.” The concept of annihilation originated in the Torah. What does that woman have to say about this? This is the Torah in which Bush and the Christian Right believe.
These signs have always bothered me. Essentially, they are saying, if you choose to walk here, you may get hit in the head by a hunk of ice falling off our ginormous building. Don't say we didn't warn you!
The U.S. has been actively seeking the overthrow of the Iranian regime since their ascent to power in the 1979 Islamic revolution. The U.S. pursued a policy of bait and bleed in the 80s, by funding Iraq during the Iran-Iraq war. The U.S. also secretly armed Iran, so that Iraq wouldn’t consolidate too much power in the region, in what is known as the Iran-Contra scandal. This was a secret and illegal covert operation, wherein Israel shipped arms to Iran, was then rearmed by the U.S., and the profits that were generated from the sale went to fund anti-revolutionary forces in Nicaragua, which Congress had barred the U.S. from funding. This war consisted of brutal trench warfare, and it is estimated that approximately half-a-million people perished. Saddam also used chemical weapons, both on Iranians and Iraqi Kurds.
I melt every time and just barely manage to turn my warmed cheeks from his sight.
When I saw Pam's card, my paper crafting wheels started turning and I thought it would be so cool to create a one layer card with a pop-up sentiment - so that's what I did.
Ain't real!
Onion- 1 large, thinly sliced (preferably red onion)
Ong also said there was a high concentration of dubious voters in Selangor, the country’s wealthiest state which Datuk Seri Najib Razak has pledged to take back “at all cost.”
This group came from Houston, but
In this economy, spending your advertising dollars always involves wise and strategic decisions. Visibility is critical and doing it the right way is important. When assessing where you want value and where you want the visibility, you have to consider the newest sports franchise in the Triangle, the Raleigh RoughRiders.
* Total Confederate casualties have been estimated to be as great as 28,000. It is usually agreed that total Confederate casualties numbered at least 1/3 of Lee's army.
I think I should be in chains, in jail, imprisoned in a health farm. I need some kind of control device; does Ebay sell torture devices? It’s really just my bed and sofa that need electrifying. Hypnotism from my mountain might help; a nice red ray beamed into my flat every day at the same time would get me up and about.
“The Quds Day is a universal day. It is not an exclusive day for Quds itself. It is a day for the oppressed to rise and stand up against the arrogant,” late Iranian leader said.
About 35% of households have DVRs. If they're time shifting 5% of the time, then the total amount of programming being time shifted is 1.7% (5% of 35%.) If they skip ads while time shifting 70% of the time, then the total percent of spots being missed is 1.2% (70% of 1.7%.)
Check this link to Glacier Country - a visitor guide to both Fox Glacier and Franz Josef Glacier. It gives you an overview of both glaciers and what you can do there.
I will admit I was a little embarrassed by his behavior ( I should clarify, I wasn't embarrassed by him, but by the fact that other people had paid money for the class too and he was being disruptive. I should also say he wasn't the only one running around, but he kind of got the others wound up). He wasn't terrible by any means,but he wouldn't sit still for any length of time (Littles sat the entire time, like an angel). I tired my hardest to get him to join in, but with both of the kids there, well I can't be two place at once. So I finally made the decision to be an example, by participating in the class with Littles instead of chasing after Boog (in hopes he would see Mama and Sissy and want to do what we were doing, plus I didn't want Littles time spoiled).
We inked around the edge of each of the Start Ups charms with black StazOn ink and then set it with a Heat Tool. I ALWAYS have the kids print their initials and the date on the back of each of their projects, so they become a treasured keepsake.
These are small solutions to small problems. That’s exactly where you need to start—with a less-than-earthshattering problem. You need to bulk up your creativity muscles, since they’ve been neglected for a while. You’ll be amazed how quickly you get creatively toned and fit if you keep tackling those small projects. And how those creative, problem-solving muscles can get used in so many parts of your life.
Following on from yesterday’s post on searching for a lost voice, and still feeling a need for greater clarity in my thinking, I reached for a book from my bookshelf that always gives me sustenance and hope.
The additional pitfalls to your particular Life Path are a tendency to become overwhelmed by responsibilities and a slave to others; especially members of you own family or close friends. It’s easy for you to fall into a pattern of being too critical of others and yourself. The misuse of this Life Path produces tendencies for you to engage in exaggeration, over-expansiveness, and self-righteousness. Modesty and humility may not flow easily.
“You are grump. You are grump man.”
-answer the questions set for you in their post.
It is really easy and I shall explain how you can achieve it in a few easy to follow steps -
After my breakdown I wanted to be a mime. Desperately. My mother, who of anyone was amused by me, began to support what she'd call my "avant-garde" tastes, thought this was hilarious, maybe wonderful. I had gone to Paris my junior year, my first time in Europe (second time on a plane?) with the girl who is now dead, and saw the mimes outside of Sacre Couer, and they were the only spectacles that could lighten my mood. I came home and was obsessed with training to be a mime. I never took a course, obviously. Although when I co-curated that experimental week I did get Northwestern's troupe of mimes to perform, and my parents came, they were so cute, my father wore a tie, in that gritty grungy shack, I remember that very affectionately.
In a small, little house on a U-shaped street, sits my little corner of the world. It is filled with barking dogs, nerf gun wars and hockey on TV. It is, in spite of the chaos, my paradise. I know that my paradise will move every three years. That’s what happens when Uncle Sam has control. He’ll pack us up and send us somewhere else. A new house, a new adventure but the same paradise.
6. Form rounded cookie dough balls, using about 1 T of dough. Place dough balls on a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper or a Silpat or on a non-stick. Your dough will be chunky, like this (see below).
This is REALLY how I view the Super Bowl every year. I don't hate football, but I do love eating ridiculous foods that I only feel justified in making a few times a year, as well as watching funny commercials. I am more than willing to put up with the football part of the event to reap the joy of these two SUPER bonuses.
the police department). And if you wish to wander in foreign lands,
Let's counter that crappy news with some incredible news. Hot Thing One and Hot Thing Two did NOT move away! (story of HT1 and HT2 here and here and here) They're still right down the street! They've been on a three-month-long vacation which included the entire first month of school (those hot sexy bastards) so everyone just assumed they were gone.
Even with real estate values back to 1980s levels in Japan it is hard to purchase a home with no secure employment. People always point to the low unemployment rate in Japan but this is somewhat misleading. Japan has a giant part-time work force, nearly one third of their entire labor force. These workers operate largely like contractors and surely that cannot be a boost of confidence to take on 40 year mortgage.
Next on the agenda was a CT scan. I lay there and listened to the instructions. "Take a deep breath. Now hold your breath. Now breathe." I did that a couple times. But the final time lasted like 20 minutes. I couldn't hold my breath that long. I got dizzy. There was almost a code blue right there in the CT room. I finally breathed and hoped they wouldn't yell at me for it.
For example, who could resist stopping at the Enaville Resort and Snake Pit? Or Soap Lake? Or Flaming Geyser State Park? Or the Railroad Interpretive Center? Half the fun is trying to guess where these names come from. “Moses Lake. Does it occasionally part itself?” Turns out Moses Lake is parted by the Interstate, which cruises through the center of the lake on a strip of land as thin as the proverbial prophet’s miraculous staff. Then there was the Molly B’Damned Motel. The name raises the obvious question: who was Molly? An ex-wife? An unsupportive mother-in-law? An unhelpful real estate agent? A nay-saying neighbor? Whoever she was, somebody sure showed her.
Apples with caramel dip for a fun seasonal treat.
I placed an order with Fyrinnae on 2.4. and it arrived super fast, on 12.4. I wanted to try a Lip Lustre and bought a few mini eyeshadows and a blush sample also. I have many Fyrinnae eyeshadow already and I have been very pleased with them.
There are 59 photographs in the exhibit, of which a few were displayed on canvas, with the majority in the photographic traditional manner, as a framed and matted print. The winning entries were categorized into three categories, beginning with Daniel Berman’s founders choices, winners for their specific use of a photographic application, and the third section based upon a specific subject matter categories, as ‘Beach Life’, ‘Self-Portrait’ and so forth.
express hostility.
We 'sungkai' (break fast) with this and hot rice, some 'Sambal Asam' (mangoes from my tree) & 'Fried Salted Mustard with Eggs' yesterday.
Written the xxith day of January 1559
The Hilton Bandung has challenged the way hotels are designed and experienced in the Asian urban context. The building stands out, capturing the city’s present state of development, but its usage of glass and stone-covered walls resonates with the city’s heritage and therefore engages emotionally with its largely Indonesian guests. The building does not compete with the predominantly Art Deco-styled buildings in the area influenced by Bandung’s Dutch colonial past but complements and reinforces the tradition of glamorous travel with which Bandung has historically been associated.
(The Twizzler grass was my favorite part of this story.)
All designed and illustrated by us and printed and made inAustralia.
The only 'amber ale' I can drink and will and indeed do pay for is the Greenflash Hop Head Red, but that is kind of a special beer. Similar to the calico in that it's a kind of amber/red ale hybrid.
So three things to remember from this blog post: Queen Kat Design has new releases, which includes this gorgeous Unicorn image; I am giving away Blog Candy to everyone who "goes green" and links a photo of their project in the comment section below; and there are a million uses for paint chips, as well as other items you may have thought of as trash.
* "The Pit and the Pendulum" by Edgar A. Poe
glares
Twice a presidential candidate, Kucinich is a pacifist who rejects the idea that violence and war is inevitable.
I empty the full glass
My General waited till the soldiers and wounded were all pass’d over,
One lucky winner will get to choose her favorite piece from the shop (up to $200). Which would you choose? See them all here.
I took off my headphones and said it would take him all the way downtown, no problem.
But I clearly know what I have gained. I can tell you—without a doubt in my mind—that I know Who holds my tomorrows. I can also tell you that I have peace knowing that the Creator of the Universe also planned the existence of Robin Gilbert Luftig. After I was created I truly believe that he stood back, looked at his creation, and smiled.
37. Buff Medways - Strood Lights
High in the Ethiopian mountains an ancient monastery watches over the sacred Gish Abbai spring. The waters bubbling out of the ground feed Lake Tana, then spill into a gorge to become the Blue Nile. In the Sudanese capital Khartoum it meets the White Nile, which gushes northwards out of Lake Victoria, and together they flow on through Egypt to the Mediterranean.
But my father always had health issues, whatever his age, and those issues often overshadowed his life and especially the quality of his life in his latter years.
Robert Chote, the IFS director said that Britain was facing the "longest, deepest, sustained cuts in public spending since the second World War".
It’s unsurprising that Gleave is thinking in terms of the long-game, considering it’s taken him eight years to come up, unencumbered by hype, on pop’s inside track. In 2006, the first incarnation of Example emerged – as a semi-novelty, sample-reliant rapper from the mean streets of Fulham (less street, more cul-de-sac) who was the last act signed to Mike Skinner’s ill-fated vanity label, The Beats.
Today I am a guest designer for my wonderful friend Susan at Susana's Corner! Today I did an Easter card in celebration of my Risen Lord!! :) I hope you enjoy it...recipe down below.
8.alive(undead)
The economy of the United States is based on the free flow of resources, energy, and the rights of consumers to buy and sell as they see fit. Any interference in this economic process quickly leads to shortages, rising prices, and civil unrest. The purpose of President Obama signing this new Executive Order is yet unclear, however, it may coincide with information coming out of Israel yesterday that plans for a tactical or strategic strike on Iran are accelerating. Oil prices in Europe rose over $3 a barrel for Brent crude after the Israeli actions, and US oil prices rose $2 for WTI.
“Well,” he said, pulling himself up beside me on the pillow, “I have a feeling you are a woman who can manage more than just once a night, and now that we have established the basics, how about pushing the boundaries?
Over the years I've watched Ancestry.com grow into the huge company it is today. Other companies have since disappeared or been acquired by Ancestry.com. In fact today there was announcement of yet another Ancestry.com acquisition of Archives.com.
The flood in my head took my breath away and brought hot tears to my eyes.
I just need to give it time.
Russ: “All right! You’ve made the effort now...”
I will post more about my weekend very soon, including the construction of the lovely pasture and tiny lamb stable, but for now just know I love you:)
1 TBSP oil
Well it has been a long time coming but Big Daddy is back pounding the pavement!!! Yea baby, I'm putting bad guys in jail again! Yesterday was my first day back on the street. It started with the swearing in ceremony at 8am. Aza and her dad were there and that's all I cared about. We all walked into the Sheriffs office where I received and gave the oath. After that the Sheriff handed me my badge and said congratulations and welcome aboard. I was so pumped and excited. The best part of all for me really was that Aza pinned my badge on for me. I can tell you that I could only hope that some of you have a support system as good as I have. I just can't brag enough about her and words really aren't enough to fully understand the depth of love and respect I have for her and her dad. I call him dad because in my heart he is my dad. I go to him for advice and he has and always will be there for me and his daughter. I got a text from him later in the day that just simply said, “I'm so proud of you”. It doesn't matter how old you are those words meant everything to me. The really neat thing was that Aza said it to me as well just prior to that. Like I said, what an amazing support system.
Happy Monday and thanks for taking the time to visit the charmed life blog. Another sunny day for us here in Pittsburgh. Almost makes me feel like spring is coming. Well it is I guess in 2 months (lol). I did notice that it is almost staying light until 6:00 pm. So the days are getting longer.
For example: The EU is one road toward at least partial political union. The European Parliament, which is playing an ever more important role.
I need to motivate myself by constantly connecting my routine and occasionally mundane daily responsibilities and work to my deepest core values and purpose, as doing so brings meaning to my work and helps me weed out the time-wasting stuff, so that I focus my attention and efforts to do what really matters, first and best.
2. The Good Old Days
* Baby Don't You Know (1977; peaked at #43)
The card for PCW Lock and Load next week:
***FTC Disclosure: This book was provided by the author in exchange for an honest review, no other compensation was given, all opinions are my own***
I actually refer to myself as babes when I talk to my mom, like “Babes wants some food” or “Babes wants Toochie (refering to my mom) to go home.”
Jack says, “well, I have one in mind,
or to have an adventure.
I like my order,
161. Actually, his hometown is Prov. Jiangsu, Lianyungang. NOT in Guangdong.
What's that you say? Not sure what fabric to use for your new Mama Stellato pattern??
- Memories warm you up from inside, but they also tear you apart.
to knock on that door and ask me
There's no reason to analyze my deep connection too closely, except that if I made too light of death in past posts, I'm sorry now. Preparing for the possibility (which means also, acknowledging the inevitability) you are going to lose your father is like going off a cliff and realizing you don't even know how deep is the gorge and no one really cares if you scream on the way down, there's no way they can stave your fall. Malick is Christian enough to know that guilt is the quickest route to humility, which is the quickest route to God. I'm sure I wasn't the only one amidst the sacrosanct BAM audience breaking down in free-flowing tears once or twice, but not long into the screening, even at the mighty BAM, cell phone blue lights came on like rows of stars below the screen. For shame!
There were moments that brought a lump to my throat (but no, I didn't cry, in case you're wondering). And I sat grinning like the sad little fool that I am for the last ten minutes. You know the feeling when you see David Tennant sprint with such purpose, vault over things to get to what he needs to do, and slowly spread his Tom-Baker-esque grin out for all to admire, that something brilliant is happening. And in this case, I don't see how people couldn't have enjoyed this - it was a very Doctor Who ending - he couldn't let everyone die. No matter what happened, everyone still had to be saved.
06/05 – Los Angeles, CA @ The Roxy
"The Bat-Man" appeared in a six-page story that also introduced the character of Commissioner Gordon. The second-to-last panel revealed that this mysterious figure was in fact Bruce Wayne, introduced earlier in the story."
Blacks (80-90)
12. Spud - John van de Ruit
my weakness. Crave Him...not things of this world. Crave His word to fill my
Leaving SA 10 years ago was a heart sore event. I left with a longing for Africa, and I had always intended to return.
Lord for my sake
characterized by large firm beads that bursts with an intensely rich and nutty flavor
One of the more important aspects to planning a joint trip (like our round-the-world trip we are currently figuring out) is equally dividing the work. Tara and I have always worked well together when attacking problems — we find a way to let each of our strengths shine, which prevents conflict over who is doing the heavy lifting, because we both are.
Hjaltalín - Traffic Music
See, Dustin is a frightened little child, trying to muster up the courage to walk up to the Cemetery to get his candy. But only we know that he will never do it. Because he's made from PVC. And he will stand at the bottom of the driveway the entire night. Frozen with terror, his only real purpose for the night will be to simply stand there and get in the way. And we'll watch all of the concerned parents and other trick-or-treaters awkwardly interact with (and walk around) him as they try to go up the driveway for their treats.
While pregnant with my son (whom my MIL and I decided early on would be born on 8/15 just for our own silly reasons) I finally took a real birthing class. I learned soooo much (including what I could/should have done differently with my two daughters) and finally felt prepared
People baggage, on the other hand, is very easy to let go of in the West, as Satya rightly observes. If someone doesn’t accept your choices and keeps trying to meddle, for example, then that “toxic” person is best excised from your existence. Giving too much advice here can have personal penalties, another reason people are hesitant to speak out. (Intolerance = lack of virtue = person who should no longer be a friend.) Folks are encouraged to be independent to the point of selfish, considering their own wishes to be of greatest importance and quite above the interference of family, friends, or teachers. Independence holds a greater value than wisdom, and this can be personally and socially disastrous.
Pioneer Beach Resort is almost 5 miles from the "downtown" area of Port Aransas and this is why I chose this park. It's on the quieter side of the island, closer to the state parks, and is the end of the line for the bus. The bus comes to the park once an hour from 10am to 5pm, 7 days a week. I used this bus to go to the grocery, post office, or to get to other areas of town to walk around and check out different areas.
Youth athletes from around the Triangle showed up to watch the tournament with coaches and parents for one reason: to learn.
The Polywell transformed the US (and the world) from a fossil fuel-based economy to an all-electric one, although this took place over two painful decades. The BP’s funding for the Polywell followed the famous exchange between Dr. Green (CEO of EMC2 Fusion Development Corp) and Admiral Moebius (source):
Of course, the girls were wishing for another little girl and everyone is still kind of in shock, especially Kim. Kim's hubby, Eric, knew from the beginning that they were having a boy and we were hoping but our main desire is for a healthy baby. The fabric I got in Kauai will go up on my design wall today and I'll be search through my stash for more blue & brown prints. Thankfully, I made a blue and brown quilt last year for a dear friends grandson. Today hubby and I are going to garage sales in hopes of picking up baby boy clothes. All the guys in the family are so incredibly pumped at this news; it is just so fun!
Hi! My name is Abby! Here are some things about me (If you care xD): Favorite bands/singers: LMFAO, Michael Jackson, Christina Perri, Selena Gomez, Fall Out Boy, Taylor Swift, and Evanescence. Favorite colors: Anything neon :) But preferably neon green. And purple. Favorite food: Steak. No contest. Hobbies: Playing on Poptropica, listening to music, writing, drawing, and playing on my iPod. Other things: I take French. Heehee. Bonjour. Uhm, I like to joke about bananas, and...yeah. That's about it :)
On the whole, they were people who ( with rare exception) don’t like their job.
Well folks that's your lot from Well Done Fillet. I quit.
The Stylebook Nazi. Has read everything Stephen King ever wrote about writing and can quote it chapter and verse. Always knows exactly where your commas ought to be, and bleeds red ink all over your manuscript. Circles every adverb and scathingly points out how often you use passive voice. Writes like Stephen King, but without the substance or originality.
Since I am rarely able to tune in for a full hour, I subscribe to most of these shows as podcasts so that I can listen to them on my own schedule. Tonight I caught up on a few episodes of “This American Life” while driving to and from a meeting in Framingham. I’m more than a little behind on the show. Today I finished the annual holiday Poultry Slam episode in which they told the tale of a vicious wild turkey whose reign of terror over a small suburb ended in a shower of bullets from the local police force. I decided to skip the next episode in my queue, a collection of modern Christmas tales that seemed not at all appropriate for a May evening drive. Which is how I ended up listening to “Mr. Daisey Goes to the Apple Factory.”
One major impact the church has experienced is in the creation of new job functions and titles. This has been necessitated by the recognition that increasing numbers of people, including church members, are engaging on FB, twitter, Google + , Pinterest and other social media platforms and networks. Effectively engaging and interacting with these individuals requires the creation of a dedicated approach, e.g., employing social media teams, to creatively connect the church with this burgeoning online community. Indeed, the congregation is emerging as a new and savvy online community with unique needs, expectations, and requirements!
1½ cup navy beans (small white beans or any small beans you like)
I swear you could pour chlorella cream all over a compost heap and I would probably dive in. Embarrassing? Maybe.
In rainy autumn
This second picture is of us again, taken much more recently, in January 2012, and this was the day after Chris proposed! We were staying in his uncle’s boat just off the island of Culebra, Puerto Rico. This picture was taken on “Flamenco Beach”, which was ranked number 2 in a list of the most exotic beaches in the world!
So recently, an expanded deluxe remastered 4-CD Quadrophenia was released, and there's been plenty of press for the record. I was talking to my friend Bob, and he starts raving about the record, saying it's the Who's best album. I respect Bob's opinion, and although our tastes are pretty different, there are some areas where our musical interests overlap (Zappa, XTC, Elvis Costello, The Proclaimers).
Most of criticism seems to be the status quo trying to derail the movement before it has started (which is standard). We saw the same thing with the tea party movement. While I certainly don't agree with barely anything the tea party says, and while their later iteration may have had bigger - even corporate funding, it started as a grassroots movement of people that were frustrated and decided to stop stammering about it, and instead decided to make their voice heard. That is what I'm hoping this movement becomes. It's not that change will occur overnight, but it may be an eye-opener for Democrats that, while we want a Democrat to win the White House over a Republican, we still have the right and the duty to question the policies of congress and the president that we don't like or agree with. We need the president to know that just as Republicans are unhappy with the way government is behaving, we too are unhappy with the way government is behaving, but we don't want government to go away, we want it to shape up.
*38% water content
4) Don't take it out on your server if your food is cooked wrong.
.A new year, new possibilities and new resolutions.
Until next time (After the Dunmow Duathlon) – Stay safe – stay seen!!!
The feast felt like hours, as we drank ourselves into a stupor. Some boys ending kissing the serving girls. The man came through, eyeing people off with his stern face and big grey beard, telling them it was time to be quiet and to sit down, I finished off my tenth goblet of wine by the time the halls were silent.
The ceremony will be followed by a banquet with a ritzy menu. The restaurant company which won the tender suggested to arrange two receptions (the second to take place on Russia’s National Day on June 12) costing more than $800,000.
one case the face was mashed in and the skull contained
To recap, they over-booked their flight to Beijing (a not uncommon event, I am now told), downgraded me, claimed they would refund the difference in ticket price (they have not) and foisted a Visa card on me, claiming it would give me £75 in compensation which I could withdraw through any bank’s ATM.
In this variation we each have a pile of math tiles (or blocks, or differently colored coins) ready to put down on whichever squares we land on. The angle circle game I wrote about earlier is one variation of this. The goal can be to put an object down on every square where it doesn't matter whether or not your opponent has already put an object down on that square. Or you can play it where objects are stacked and the person whose marker is put on last controls that square, and the person controlling the most squares wins.
You, of course, know me as Frogmama. Until recently, I’d been using the pen name for pretty much everything. But it conjures up all kinds of weird images: a small human, for example, with an enormous amphibian head. A head so large that the poor frogwoman can’t stand up without falling over. That bothers me. One can’t parent if one can’t hold up one’s head.
But thank goodness for the wonders of technology today, we can email or even talk using a webcam and Skype to stay in touch when we can't be together in person.
3) Flattened the ball in the centre and fill the centre with 1 tsp of the coconut filling.
(what I found under my bed when we repainted our room...Fifi's stash)
Contrary to recent news articles suggesting that the low-salt diets are not helpful studies in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition found that one high salt meal of 1500 mg of sodium (this is at the upper end of the recommendations suggested by the US dietary guidelines for a full-day), reduces the ability of the blood vessels to dilate. Even though blood pressure is not affected, this reduction in dilation ability in healthy people was noted within thirty minutes of the meal.
I cannot stress enough that its the simple things in life…
5. If you could change one thing about your body what would it be?
You may also notice that we have a few special guests joining us for this challenge!! A few of our Original Divas have returned for this special event. Make sure to say "hi"!!
To tempt us, crusted with loose gems
Why not attempt some significant role reversal and check out your website from the viewpoint of the visitors? Are you currently giving them what they want and need? In the event you came for your web-site for the initial time what could be your perception?
Are any of these legitimate reasons? Numbers 1 and 2 reject Jesus because of what some of His self-proclaimed followers have done. But that doesn’t have anything to do with who Jesus is or what He is like.
Again, to make this simple mirror cleaner combine all the ingredients in a spray bottle and shake it up!
quivering bodies.
Parked, evicted family from car, put in lift, evicted from lift, into shop, marched to the tent we wanted, grabbed a bag ... bloody hell its heavy , I kid you not, 20.8 kilograms could kill a woman's back, it didn’t, lifted it up, trolley-fied, grabbed a canopy and a footprint (some thin protective groundsheet thing that goes under the tent), grabbed a couple of hob cooker things, a cool bag, cool blocks for cool bag, double air bed, oh and some mug flasks x4, one for each of us. Yes I think I am done pushing the darn trolley around the outdoor supermarket, our job here is done.
The greatest friend a girl could ever hope for in life. Someone who believes in things for you that you would never dream to imagine for yourself. Who believes you are the most amazing and accomplished person he's ever met. Only, he has the ability to make every single one of his children, children-in-law, grandchildren, and wife feel that way.
The law of destruction
As a remedial action and to show that I am indeed participating in a learning process, I’m going to make some changes. I have permanently deleted the post that set off the firestorm. There is no copy of it anywhere unless someone printed it off or saved it on their own. I am also going to start a new blog. I am going to stop writing this one and I am going to take steps to discourage my children from reading the new blog.
Beunka does not deny his guilt in participating in the robbery and he suffers huge remorse for what happened that night, but he is not a murderer and does not deserve to die for his crime!
"I have a press release to get out and then we are interviewing I am afraid." I say trying to sound sincere. Given the choice of spending time with Jay and having my teeth pulled out I am not sure which I'd prefer.
For those who are now totally creeped out, let me toss you a life line. These same guys you have in The Friend Zone, these guys who I assure you would be perfectly fine with being more than friends… these guys are also perfectly fine with staying in the FZ and just being friends. They aren’t biding their time, putting in the niceness points with the expectation of eventually getting sex out of you (unless they’re alphas masquerading as betas). If the attraction isn’t there, if you can’t see yourself being intimate with them, they’re cool with that. They can be your friend, your confidant; they can be happy for your successes and thrilled for you when you find romance. They can be all that without having ulterior motives, believe it or not.
Which is why when I saw Daniel Kaluuya the funny geeky kid from The Fades (looking far less geeky) at the Astroid Boys gig in YoYo on Thursday I had to say hello. Turns out he was just about to ask for my photo as I was a dead ringer for his friend, Johnny Harris. The man who played Neil in The Fades AND Mick, the rapist in This Is England 86. Ah the irony, but I’m assured he’s a lovely bloke in real life.
Thanks for visiting me today!! Hugs!! Lisa
her ardor trampled on
I have them marked for death. I will get my garden back, in the form of venison. We did have 2 squash plants that survived. So I've got a lot of stupid yellow squash and that's it. La-de-da.
I stared at the pen, turning it around to make sure …
She is fullness and strength made of mud and water and warmed by sun, dried by air, held in space of infinite creativity.
You see to be financially independent you must first understand that you are already affluent, born totally abundant. The world has no control over your abundance no matter what the economy is doing. There is no need to buy into a poverty mentality and live a life filled with the stresses inflicted upon you by your materialization of lack and limitation. That’s right. You materialized it in your experience and you can make a choice to demonstrate Abundance as well.
hardest of hard-core left-liberals could never make an objective case
Clients have since phoned many of these publishers, only to be told that none had heard of Hill, much less received any material from him. I’m working to confirm this myself, via a contact at Crown.
Interpol is now actively involved as are most of the world’s intelligence agencies because they believe the trail in this case will lead eventually to the World Economic Forum, the UN and a group of Oligarchs who have been plotting to create a fascistic world government. These Oligarchs have also been trying to start World War 3 and carry out an unprecedented genocide of two thirds of the world’s population.
Before I cried,
rumbled up in a mess
Be of service. Find volunteer work in an area that interests you in order to practice bringing love to every situation.
I was about to give up, but luckily my friend is a professional photographer who uses Canon products and she said their service people were excellent. This morning I called to talk to a lovely man who walked me through the steps to get my camera working again. It still might need to get looked at but as for now IT IS WORKING! No $300 spent, just a little toggle of a few buttons and a reset of the autofocus and I'm back in business. Then I asked him, out of curiosity, how to get the 20D working with my computer, and again, it was a simple task of changing something in the menu. Viola! Both cameras working, no money spent, a fifteen minute phone call.
Chronic Fear picks up one year after the Monkey House drug trials, and some of the survivors are still alive, even after the drug experiments changed their lives forever. They are plagued by nightmarish dreams and emotional instability, making them subject to bouts of rage and paranoia. Enter Dr. Morgan, who has been dealing with these issues firsthand. But as she digs into the truth behind the drug trials, she uncovers a sinister government conspiracy for a Senator to use the drug for his own ends. It's up to Dr. Morgan to outwit the senator, but can she do it before the survivors lose their sanity?
Simply delicious. Enjoy!
So I have this plan which I hesitate to share because I'm afraid that the minute I share it I will run out of ideas. Many of you have shared that it feels incredibly overwhelming to tackle a whole house and that you would prefer to tackle one room or even 1 drawer at a time. I shared here 6 tips that will help you maintain a tidy house on a weekly basis.
Approaching slowly.
Even climbing as high as possible and using most economical long range cruise there were gonna be at least 3 legs of the original plan that would have required an hour of glider time. Jets suck as gliders. I mean they're better than a backpack with an anvil, just ask Wiley E. Coyote. But still.
Life with Kerri will be stronger.
At the back of most people’s minds there was a voice whispering, “At this price, how can I go wrong?” To hesitate would be to miss out on your own personalised Bulgarian vision. This feeling spurred on the buyers, and many agents I’ve met certainly did nothing to dispel the dream. In the mid 2000's, the rural Bulgarian property market seemed to be entirely driven by panic. Panic that prices would rise, panic that someone would get in before you, and the panic that you wouldn’t find anything during your two-week trip.
There are now 153,000 books that are Prime Eligible compared to about 65,000 in January. Not all of those are in the KDP Select program, but for simplicity sake let's say the number of books eligible for a Select free run has doubled since the first of the year and posit that there are now twice as many books being offered free as there were then. If all the books being made free on a given day were being downloaded equally, then it should take roughly half the number of downloads now than it did in January to reach a given rank. But that's not what we're seeing. We're seeing it take the same number of downloads to hit a given rank even though there are almost twice as many books available.
The original picture was perfectly focused, here I had purposely softened the image with Gaussian blur and painted out the blurred insides of the objects leaving the outside edges slightly blurred.
All this activity, in a tiny 4 x 4 square of yard by the back steps! I love our 'wild' back yard. :)
And god forbid I write a post without any pictures of the baby, here she is in a staring contest with the dog.
For this collage, I blurred a photo of rocks to use as the background, put borders on the photos, increased the caption border, and added text underneath.
Joy Division Love will tear us apart UK
Whereas the lady in Komarom had been patient and helpful, the station agent in Almasneszmely was an unhelfpful as he could be. He would hardly talk to us so we were on our own. We pedaled back to Almasfuzito as fast as we could only to learn that the next train to Ezstergom would get us there very late, too late for comfort. So we changed direction again, it was still relatively early, pedaled back to Almasneszmely and looked for a room, exactly the situation we thought we would avoid by taking the train. At least this village had not been bypassed by a new road and whatever there was of the village was right there. A room for rent sign soon appeared and we followed its directional arrow up a little dirt road and found the house.
The operation appears to be success, util the poor guy is attacked by the janitor one night and kills him in self-defense. Looking at the corpse, he has a complication to eat it. Cannibalism is one heck of a side effect to brain transplant surgery, no? He lumers off to find Frankenstein to ask for help. Unfortunately, he blows Frankenstein’s true idetty in the process.
It has come to my attention (like running into a brick wall) that I need to work at short stories. I simply cannot write a short story.
-Emmie
The suspense is also helped by the use of the aliens in the film, as well as their ultra-black costumes. We very rarely get to see them until near the end. Whenever they pounce, the use of lighting in the film means that all you see are their glowing teeth. It’s been years since I’ve seen it, but it reminds me of Predator in that respect. Or The Descent.
Colchester
So, in a nutshell: smells like peppermint (you know how sometimes, you get something that's supposed to smell like a certain scent and it, well, doesn't? Not the case here. It smelled like I actually unwrapped a peppermint), it's very soothing, the scent stays on your skin, and it's fun to watch it dissolve, AND it is colored like a candy cane. For the price, you really can't go wrong.
4. Country Classic Collection by Lady Flo Bjelke-Petersen
I was asked to review Miriam Barton's Meatless Meals for Meat Eaters cookbook and this was one of the recipes that immediately caught my eye. I love beans and I cook them all the time adding spices to them as they cook for flavor. So when I saw this recipe had onions, lime juice, cilantro and a bunch of other great flavors mixed into the beans, I knew that I would love this recipe.
I let Helen eat her dinner on the sofa and fed Mase in his crib. Papa cleaned peanuts. The rug had to be rolled up for beating on the roof the next day and the peanuts on the floor swept into airy pyramids that could be scooped into plastic bags. Somewhere towards the end the evening, after the children were down, but the clean up was by no means done, Grey walked into the kitchen, eyeing me. I offered him a glass of wine. He eyed me still, not believing I had the restraint. I poured him some wine, and when I passed him the glass, I stuck my tongue between my teeth and bit down ever so lightly.
At first you don’t succeed. Try and try again!
REASONING BY THE CONTROLLER
To my surprise, the most difficult part of this project has been the sentence generators. I often need various algorithms for making the simplest of sentences if I am to achieve the variation I desire. Managing the vapidly named string arrays and the infinitely nested switch statements is one thing, but juggling dozens of algorithms with completely differing structures containing labyrinthine networks of booleans requires more coffee than someone my age aught to be drinking. This is mainly due to how foolishly I name my variables. When someone says “convention”, I reach for my dictionary. Which is odd since I don’t own a dictionary and I am full aware of convention’s meaning, not to say I employ it in the least. My uncle who does Ruby has been trying to get me to put some structure into my naming, but you know how it is with updating instances in For loops; its so tempting to give them single character names.
Another blogger/soon-to-be author posted a one star rating of CassaStar on Goodreads this past weekend. At first it bothered me, and then I remembered the movie Good Will Hunting. There’s a scene where Matt Damon’s character says something awful about Robin Williams’ deceased wife, and the next time they meet, Williams tells him that at first it bothered him – and then he though, “He’s just a stupid kid.” And that’s how you should view reviews like that, because one star with no explanation is meaningless. Maybe that person didn’t like your book. Or maybe he just doesn’t like you or anyone else. Or maybe he gives out one star reviews to almost everyone. Regardless, it’s not worth stressing over.
For that reason we decide to open our project Rhythm or Treble. And we should get a special responsibility to make good stuff. It'll be the first step towards our indiependent selling project.
Hishammuddin said this based on ‘new evidence” provided in the police report lodged By Razali yesterday morning.
Mobile journalism to me means giving the world the most up to the minute information on whats going on. Whether your covering a news story, at a baseball game or even a breaking news event happening in your eyes. It’s a great thing to share.
- Jamie from My Baking Addiction suggested putting the springform pan in an oven bag to ensure no water gets in. I’ve had these turkey sized oven bags in my pantry for YEARS, so I tried it, and with the bag protecting the pan, I was able to bring the water bath higher up the sides than I would with just foil.
But the conversation didn’t end there. No, Kim Kardashian didn’t chime in. @CharaGG, however, did:
As the cold air played over my wet skin, I came to the awful realization that I was standing in front of a complete stranger........
Here’s a link the article from NewsObserver.com. The article also says to expect a new location of The Pit in downtown Durham sometime next year.
I believe the most inclusive website regarding decoration is Rdeco which has lots of links to other sites as well. There are many re-posts from well known international websites, and they also publish some original content, especially with regard to making things, and local hands-on info.
As with A Beautiful Mind, we do not realize we are witnessing delusions of Kieran’s mind until late in the story. In retrospect, only one of his three encounters alone with jonas--the one in which he reveals the existence of the resistance--actually was with Jonas. As difficult as it is to create an emotional bond with a one off character, Kieran got to me. Again, it is probably because of my previous attachments to Stockwel because of Quantum Leap and Battlestar Galactica, but he hit all the right marks. Kieran is a pacifist who enjoyed the scientific research, but was horrified by the potential consequences of the bomb he helped build. He created this whole fantasy of a coup that would lead to a lasting peace for his world.
As this A.P. article by Michelle Smith explains, the second grader made the hat for some kind of hat day, and he was inspired by having met a soldier last year. He wanted to honor the guy and our troops. That’s an impulse you really want to squash, right? Respect? Gratitude? Feh!
Critical Examination: A very quick read, with a lot of historical research, very well done. The setting is described well and the conditions Beetle had to endure were accurate with the time period. I’m amazed at both how much and how little people of this era new about pregnancy and childbirth.While the cover of this book seems to be geared toward children, it is NOT a child’s book. Childbirth and pregnancy (in medieval times) are covered in detail and are not pretty. The author includes a helpful closing note explaining medieval midwifery practices (“a combination of common sense, herbal knowledge, and superstition”).
Not trusting the cat for even a heartbeat, DJ gave him one more stroke and scratch around his ear and stood to his feet. Replacing the picture, he left the cat to the bed. “I’ll do the dishes. You can listen to me pout. In a manly fashion, of course.”
Bitch can bite....she's even down right mean.
Aper Aku was the first
Well, I'm glad I take photos of (most) of my finished stuff, as otherwise I'd forget what I've done! Especially the stuff that goes to good homes. =)
Joao Pessoa, Brazil
I am an advocate for not eating processed food, for not eating at night and for planning, counting calories by weighing and measuring. It may not be the way you want to lose, or the way you have lost...but if you are like ME, it is the only way!
ice skating
We know of 14 other sites that will be giving a Silhouette away in the next week.
Today will mark the first time I have featured a guest blogger. I could not have asked for a better one. Alton Higgins is the Chairman of the Texas Bigfoot Research Conservancy, a college professor of Biology, wildlife biologist, and a noted birder. He is also my good friend.
Welcome to our Party Decor Blog Hop. We have a fantastic group of ladies who love to make party decorations and we are excited to share our projects with you today! If you just happened to find my blog, thank-you so much. However, so you don't miss awesome projects or the chance to win blog candy, you will want to start at the beginning at http://mincedpaper.blogspot.com.
In the homeschooling world, when new curriculum arrives in the mail, it is known as box day! It is at this time that the homeschooling parent and child get to sift through all of the new materials.
9. Imagine
Weld didn’t move an inch, and my gut told me Regent/Shadow Stalker was off the mark. My heart sank.
Mizoram, India.
Words and ideas - Robbie Boland.
A Christmas Wedding (Not for Children) ... Lifetime ... 2 PM
I felt like Cinderella at the Ball.
Hi! My name is Yara Freytes, and I am very excited to be designing for The (Paper) Trail Makers. I live in Puerto Rico with my husband and our two boys, Luis (6 years old) and Diego (5 years old). I have a BS in Chemical Engineering, but currently I am a happy Stay at Home Mom. I started scrapping on 2003, when I had been on bed rest from the pregnancy of my first child, and I had not been able to stop. I love it! Love to document my family stories and travels.
1 wonderment
As we close this months topic, keep a couple of things in mind as you think about developing your leadership skills.
and no, not in the “HUGE” different way — in the “I never wear matching socks simply because I dont think it’s normal” way — (which I dont… never have, and never will).
Are you ready to see my creation?
recounts Linda's determined stance to make sure her mother did not "stop living while she waited to die".
My companion this night
I wanted to give a special "HEY THERE" to my good friend Auntie Marge for sending me a funny little poem that goes a little like this:
1) Leonard Nimoy will return as Spock.
Anytime a loved one passes away, it’s only natural to reflect on what really matters in this life. We were continually blessed by our relationship with Christ and by our relationship with family. Those two things are always worth the investment.
This analysis applies not just to big armies, and not just to discourse, but to all conflict. It certainly applies to stopping civilization from killing the planet. Right now, what are the battlefields on which we are encouraged to - allowed - to fight? We are encouraged to vote. But of course we all know the old Wobbly saying: 'If voting made a difference it would be illegal'. And in any case, our choices of whom/what we can vote for are strictly limited. No matter whether a Republican or Democrat wins, we lose. We are encouraged - allowed - to use the courts, and while of course we may get the occasional win there, we must never forget by and for whom the courts are set up. We are encouraged - allowed - to write, so long as we never mention social change and violence in the same paragraph. We are encouraged to recycle, to shop green (so long as we shop), and so on.
This post is brought to you (with little interjections from me) by my wonderful Handy Hubby. It was a little long, so I broke the "reveal" and "welding how-to" into two posts. Check back tomorrow to see the desk surface and welded base together, forever.
I do not want to win this issue of eliminating the office by moves designed to predetermine the outcome. I have a strong belief in an open and transparent policy debate, and in letting the people of Wisconsin speak on Election Day. I do not want to win this fight by tying the hands of those who might be opposed to closing the office. My pledge to serve only one term should assure you that I believe that we will win on this point, without any action that would make the passage of this bill, for all intents and purposes, inevitable.
So. I stop off, buy some diesel, head over to the air pump "Digital Tyre Inflator" it says.
Truly an artist's delight!
little restaurants "Madison Square and Garden". It's a funky little place with outdoor seating
– Uzma Nawaz
A federal appeals court ruled Friday that Texas cannot ban Planned Parenthood from receiving state funds, at least until a lower court has a chance to hear formal arguments. At issue is funding for a Texas program that provides basic health care and contraception to 130,000 poor women.
With New Years resolution season in full swing now, the vast and overwhelming amount of tips and motivational “pats on the back” can be daunting to anyone trying to get back into the swing of leading a healthy life.
”In California there are earthquakes,” he said. ”In geologic time, which is the kind of time Orrin Pilkey likes to talk about, it’s probably going to be destroyed. But we don’t say people can’t build in California. We don’t say people can’t build in Kansas because of tornadoes.”
The Democrats ended the Iraq war. Now let’s see which of Bolton’s descriptive terms might apply:
1And when he had opened the seventh seal, there was silence in heaven about the space of half an hour.
Heat a large non-stick skillet, cook slices for 3 or 4 minutes on each side until lightly browned.
Again, I’m pretty impressed with how well it was done, especially compared to most other adaptations of books I like. And I may come closer to thinking it is awesome when I see it a second time. However, it certainly isn’t perfect and it is a disservice to the excellent source material to pretend it is.
He is not suing for money. He is asking for a public apology from those teachers, to his son. He is asking for the teacher’s resignation.
Further more, I will simply copy-paste the fallacy used and not reply any further to the comment until you reply without a fallacy. Am I an angry asshole? At this moment of the post, Yes I am. Frustration comes from someone who simply doesnt want to open their mind, eyes, and ears to the world around them who I have been arguing with lately. Yes, I would call it arguing. Yes, I would call you out on your Bullshit in a post.
There is still a shortage of information.
What an odd year it’s been so far, weather wise. Winter that was not here in Minnesota, may have affected the Maple syrup crop this year. Since Winter was so mild we have trees being trees early, and Spring is behaving as Spring should, April Showers and a variety of temps.
Why are we here?
Then all around from far away across the world he smelled good, healthy things to eat so he gave up being king of where the wide things are.
In the 1960's, the Honorable Lorna Lockwood was a candidate and was almost nominated to be the first female justice on the United States Supreme Court. However, President Johnson appointed Thurgood Marshall, the first African American U.S. Supreme Court Justice, instead.
Who knows what will happen next,
Okay, so if you've seen a calender recently, you know that Christmas isn't really two weeks away. It just suddenly seems that way to me.
Ben and Jerry's will be on both coasts this summer with their ice cream truck giving away free ice cream! I cannot wait until they hit Boston in August (last year they were right near my office twice, it was heavenly). And if you're on one coast or the other (evidently not in between) hopefully you'll be able to enjoy some free ice cream too.
command the winds and waves of the seas
At first my mighty hunters wanted to open an upstairs window and wait for the marauders. But since that let the air conditioning out and the heat, humidity and bugs in, I squashed that idea. So then my main hunter, Indiana Jones himself, bought a trap to use in catching these little garbage thieves.
There’s a separate Texas Air Guard room, with a small display devoted to its most famous veteran, George W. Bush, an example of the first military jet engine ever used, radios and other equipment, ejection seats, propellers, and uniforms, and flight suits.
It took only a month for Melissa to realise that she had damaged her eye. 'It got more and more sore and bloodshot,' she says. 'It was as if I had conjunctivitis all the time. It was sore and weepy, very sensitive. I was really frightened.'
Wat later hadde me peirden, zeven peirden in galop
Also in the "most powerful" question is the weighting of multiple rounds on target. A bolt action .50bmg rifle is capable of doing a lot of damage with a single round; but a machine gun in .308 can put 100 rounds downrange before the .50 can put two... and that is certainly more gross damage potential, but is it "more powerful" ?
I took one of those, too.
There are superficial similarities between the situation in Western Europe now and the one in the 5th century, when a decadent civilization was overrun by the barbarians. The population movements we are witnessing now are the largest and fastest in human history. In Europe, they can only be compared to the period often referred to as the Migration Period, following the disintegration of the Roman Empire. Yet we now have communications that can transport people anywhere on earth within hours, and media outlets that show ordinary people how much better life is in other countries. On top of that, the Romans didn’t have human rights lawyers advocating that millions of outsiders should be allowed to settle in their lands.
McBride, assisted Gordon Webster to escape from police custody at the Edenvale Hospital, in Pietermaritzburg. Webster was arrested by the South African Police during the latter part of April 1986. Shots fired by McBride during the escape killed a black man, Mlungize Buthelezi, and injured two others namely, Simpiwe Shage and Nkosinathi Nkabini.
Ministers have promised that frontline warranted police officer roles will not be undertaken by private companies for profit. The picture above shows that this is clearly untrue. You could be convicted and sent to prison on the strength of the evidence gathered by a for-profit corporate investigator.
Part Three of the first disc replies to that and other criticisms, such as the fact that Esther’s own possible Bigfoot footage isn’t terribly convincing. But we’re jumping ahead…
Everybody has their crosses to bear.
although she’s turned away.
David followed behind her. Back in high school he used to love this kind of stuff.
For this recipe I tried their white jasmine rice. Just opening the package I got a hug whif of that heady flowery scent. Oh, I love jasmine rice SO much! I was definitely excited to use this! I found that It cooked up nice and fluffy, and the aroma just got better as it cooked! The bottom line? Fabulous texture, flavor, and quality! I am totally going to have buy some more of this! I can't wait to try out the other samples! Here's the recipe I made to put over the rice.
If a woman was being physically abused, we would tell her, don’t let yourself get hit. Get out of there. Get away from him.
3) Pass it along to 10 people and let them know the have received a nomination.
Each clock can take 400 to 500 hours of work.
Since being reminded of this “rule,” I’ve started reading with an eye toward evaluating how much use these pariahs get in the books that I enjoy. They’re not absent. In fact, they appear frequently in some of the books I like very much. Maybe my tastes are very un-literary. This has led me to believe that we, as writers, should be very careful with these types of “rules,” especially when critiquing the work of others. It is easy to stand with a crowd of self-professed literary types and spout dogma as if it was your own original thought. It is harder, perhaps, to step away from the crowd and see where a writer might be justified in breaking a rule to the benefit of their work.
Many thanks also to Jo who gave us 'Elegant Inspiration'... thanks so much
Divide batter evenly among muffin pan cups, filling each 3/4 full. Place one slightly rounded teaspoon of the ganache filling on top of each cupcake.
With that said……
To do:
November 19 - John Neville, actor ("The Adventures of Baron Munchausen"), 86
Q And, when you use the expression, taking these people out, did you know at the time he told you this who he had reference to?
Who VS Whom
Me: I know you can, honey. You just need to choke your inner Eeyore to death first. Then picture two Tiggers running joyously through Happy Land together. See? Isn't it fun there?
Writer’s Note:This article will be written in the first person and a little different than most of the ones I write, as this health topic is one of the most familiar to me. I will use my personal experience in the article to highlight the symptoms, diagnosis, and treatment of endometriosis (endo). Some of the information I will share is deeply personal, but I hope the information given will encourage those experiencing similar symptoms to become aware and seek help.
You may reserve blocks at multiple hotels -- based on price points and style. You can choose both a budget-friendly and high-end option to allow guests to choose the hotel they want.
Résumés are one of those documents that you sit down thinking should only take maybe an hour and can easily turn into a “I wanna pull my hair out” task.
This dish was a winner all around - quick and easy to throw together, and really delicious. Plus, it's baked and not fried so none of the mess of frying, or, for that matter, the calories! For some reason my breading didn't brown much in the oven, but it was still nice and crispy. The only thing I'd do differently the next time I make this dish is to halve the sauce. We loved it, but I guess we're just not big dippers as we ended up throwing quite a bit away.
The workshop will be coordinated and conducted by Diinesh Kumble.
A year later I used again a balck background and used an all black background. I replaced the white plate against a black one. But instead a plain black backround this one has more structure.
I hope you can find some time to play along with us this week, I would love to see what you come up with, create a card or scrapbook page with this sketch and then go to Karen's blog and link up your project for all of us to see.
A whale-watcher is being criminally prosecuted merely for lying about whistling at a whale. But former New Jersey Governor Jon Corzine, a big Obama booster who "stole" $1.2 billion, is not being prosecuted, despite his investment firm's massive diversion of funds from client trust accounts, a crime that Corzine "personally" ordered.
**When choosing paper to mask with, use something thin rather than heavy cardstock.
We are hoping to try another walk this weekend - I think we are surprised at how much we enjoy them - exploring somewhere new, spending time together chatting away from TV, computers, bears etc - but boy are we always exhausted when we get back!!
+ oil for deepfrying
We also find Erika 5 and Jocko, former creations of Victors who had managed to escape his thrall and the mess in New Orleans and had, by a terrible coincidence, settled in seclusion on a country residential property outside Rainbow Falls.
You take the lid off the tin to collect the post so it can be used again and again. The set comes with a red and white pencil, which I'm sure every good fairy needs, and sheets of adhesive fairy stamps! She is going to have such fun with this, and it was only £15.50 so we'll have to think of something else to give her too... what a chore ;)
"When the white shirts show up at a crime scene they try to tell us how to do our jobs," the detective went on. "'Oh look, you got a shell casing over here, better take of that.' Thank you, but I do things in order. But they don't care. They come marching through evidence like they're important, wanting to look sharp. Especially if the press are here," he said.
De bloemetjes zijn van Petaloo en de roosjes weer van Wild Orchid Crafts. Op de roosjes en het schortje heb ik Stickels, Stardust gedaan.
I got as close as I could with my primitive camera, to take a shot of one of the lions.
Now, jump over to a post that Lisa Morrison recently made at Hop Press. Ms. Morrison – in very few words – sums up the emerging “Black IPA” or “Cascadia” style and she makes an excellent argument for enshrining this as a distinct style. I don’t cotton to the label “Black IPA” since the name IPA already comes with a shipload of baggage (not the least of which is the dubious history behind the origin of the style). Is the Cascadia style ready to be set apart as a separate style for beer judging – I don’t think so, yet – but if it’s dark but not a stout, and it’s hoppy but not an IPA, then what the hell is it?
Saw this recipe in a Rachael Ray magazine last week, and have made it twice with slight variations. It is packed full of flavor, easy to make and beneficial during this "cold/sniffles" season. Enjoy!
What I thought Poulos was saying in the most labored, pretentious, roundabout way was this:
The Leaf earned four stars for occupant protection in front-end crashes, five stars for side crash protection and four stars for resistance to rolling over, resulting in the overall five-star score.
Jerome K. Jerome – Christmas Eve in the Blue Chamber
-that "Portland cement" is contractor talk for "stucco"
'I got hit by a mortar and was blown up. I had shrapnel in my face and shoulder - I knew I was hit but I didn’t think it was bad.
Update: Julia weighed in at 10 lbs at her appointment today (2-2-12). They want babies to be back up to their birth weight by two weeks. I think she's good!
Profanity presents the descriptive lexicographer with a few unique challenges. Obscenities and vulgar terms are a veritable treasure trove–so many! such richness!–but very few of the truly original ones make it into print. Witness the New Yorker‘s recent article on Rick Santorum, which touched briefly on the generic noun “santorum,” coined in 2003 in response to some controversial comments the Senator made on homosexuality. The article says that the definition of “santorum” is unprintable. This, it’s worth mentioning, is coming from a magazine that routinely prints “fuck” in all its various incarnations. Much of our printed evidence for the lower-case “santorum” sadly reads just like that New Yorker blurb: “blah blah blah santorum (a word so vile that we cannot possibly tell you what it means, but we’re going to use words like “leak” and “backdoor” and “frothy” in the next paragraph in a veiled attempt to euphemize “santorum” and thereby escape an obscenity fine or court injunction).”
I crossed The Bridge Over The River Rea (tremble as its raw power threatens to tear apart the culvert so it relentlessly hurtles down) and headed to The Old Library for banjista Nathan Bell. A one-man-band (bar one song), with foot-operated percussion and (at times) little bells dangling from the neck of his banjo. His was an excellent mix of the bluegrassy trad on some songs and the loopy wig-out on others, with a big Morricone-on-crack monstah finale. I must hear more of this Nate Bell character.
Long story short: it was. And it’s worth sharing, but due to the way the days were structured, I think it probably makes more sense to describe it categorically rather than linearly. Also I only took like 4 photos, because I felt sort of weird pulling out my big camera during times of silent meditation and whatnot.
I hear voices from this land, and I see images of people from this land and they are real.
RILEY: Really?
For feet, I splurge a little bit. You can use antiperspirants on your feet, and Certain Dri also makes a couple of products for feet that I've heard work quite well. I don't know about other dancers, but I can't bear the thought of wearing pantyhose, so to keep my shoes from
Ok back to the fool’s joke. Come April 1st, rent day, I thought to myself “Hmmmm, I am gonna scare my landlord in believing that I am stiffing her on some of this months rent.” Now granted she has had past tenants that have completely skipped out on paying rent and she has had some very horrendous tenants in the past, that’s why I have to pay with a money order or cashiers check each month. So what I did was split the rent into two equal cashiers checks. I wrote a note explaining that I am only going to pay half of the rent for the month of April as I am taking the other half away for the landscaping I did. I placed it in the envelope and proceeded to walk up to her door to place it in the mailbox, then my phone rang…
These might be overcome if Gatwick, the UK’s second largest airport, aped Heathrow and transformed itself into a hub, and Mr Wingate expects to consider the case for such a move if his airport seeks to build a second runway.
? Getting Sick
Just the fact that the guests had worked their way through a Kolsch, a Hefeweizen, and English amber and American pale ale and a porter thus far was reward enough.
Later, you start to veer off the beaten path, and she grabs you by the arm. Why? Because the way to Agentopia isn't through valleys or over grassy knolls. You have to stay on track, or you'll never get there.
Our community magazine said Zumba was twice a week...but after class, I found out the Thursday class was taught by someone else and it was canceled this week. I am kind of glad Zumba is once a week...it will give me the opportunity to get adjusted to it and not too sore. The other two new gals, invited me to the free Aerobics class Tuesday nights from 6pm to 7pm. I thanked them, but told them I was going to resist my normal method of "jumping in with two feet with too much gusto" and then burn myself out.
We brought a banana sapling from our native village and planted it in a corner in our garden. It has grown into a beautiful and sturdy banana tree without the use of chemical fertilizers or pesticides.
- Patent-pending soft, adjustable carrier handle
Lutin Au LSD by The Curlee Wurlee!
This is a grand, traditional Victorian pub, and although it's not the style I want to recreate in miniature, David spotted the simple construction of the round wooden tables, which will be easy to replicate in 1:12 scale:
2.Rajma/Kidney Beans : 1/4 cup
I finally got a chance to make this soup again to pay tribute to him for being such a fantastic friend. I remembered his mum in Poland mentioning something about making the soup with a starter as described by Tasty Colours. However, I did not have the luxury to make the starter ahead of time; so I proceeded without it. I also made the uszka filling with oyster mushrooms because they are so much meatier. Together, with the soup, they worked like a charm. Just make sure you don’t get stains from the beets though. =)
92. Laquearia. V. Aeneid, I. 726:
The Leh Ladakh Tour is for those who want to be in the lap of nature and get the ecstasy of being nature’s guests. Those who can trek and knows the value of trekking must be aware of the fact that nature can be adverse and one needs to be prepared for it here. The glaciers and the snow along with the serene monasteries make you visit the land of God in India. So come and book this India trekking tour to make the best voyage to the lap of nature.
It gets worse, though, when we get to the judgments being meted out by corporate "referees": "notes from a meeting in 2006 in which participants discussed problems with New Beginnings, mentioned concerns with ordering students who were younger than 18 to be dropped for attendance, ordering students to return to Mexico, the truancy court's lack of law enforcement authority and the fact that New Beginnings did not file cases with the justice of the peace courts but instead left that task to school districts." (emphasis added, and then some: Santa Madre de Dios!)
Nazi-like, the Turks appropriated everything the Armenians owned, a sum probably amounting to well over billion dollars in today's money. Because they had confiscated all records relating to investments, deeds, bank accounts and insurance policies, the Turkish government even had the raw nerve to approach U.S. Ambassador Henry Morganthau with the request that all insurance claims due on life insurance policies owed to the Armenians by American companies be paid directly to the Turkish government 'until the missing policy holders can be located.'
oil...I toast it until light brown and add to salad.
On their way back they were attacked by two Arab youths, who stabbed them, she said. She succeeded in escaping their clutches, and made her way to a nearby road where, bleeding profusely, she sought help.
3 1/4 lb. boneless pork shoulder
But it's because of the magnificent performance of Henry Fonda that this whole ploy on Hitchcock's part works. The movie's ultimate good guy (well, until Once Upon a Time in the West), Fonda has boatloads of pathos in the role of the put-upon and unflappably virtuous Ballestrero, and we can't help but feel for the guy as things go from bad, to worse, to far, far worse. It's also a credit to both Hitchcock's direction, and the screenplay by Maxwell Anderson & Angus MacPhail, that somehow Ballestrero continues to act inadvertently as if he were guilty, even though he is not.
Cardstock: Real Red & Petty in Pink(Stampin' Up)
While I was sitting there, I thought I heard a group on the overhead music that sounded like Point of Grace. I didn't focus on it too much - but sort of tuned it out until I heard the words:
I had a lot of fun hanging out with Braden for a week, and was a little bit sad to go back home. I was excited, however, to sleep in my own bed. After sleeping on the couch or chair, my bed felt like a cloud.
and drivings in van-ings
No reasons were given for not being confirmed. I do not want to pursue legal action… only to get another job as soon as possible.
Now, to make sure that every creature who had passed the Enduro-challenge would get his/her just reward, a system was created where one animal would be appointed as a representative of the group and this animal would take into account all requests from his fellow creatures, and then work to make sure that they got what they wanted. For example, the current representative was a Narwhal. He was a lanky creature and was unanimously crowned the representative the year before. He opted not to board the wagon, but instead decided to take up one more Enduro-challenge in a different locality. Now though, the time had come to choose another representative.
JBS-Swift Beef Co based in Greeley, Colorado, is expanding its June 24 recall to a total of about 421,000 lbs of assorted beef products, USDA and the company said.
I like being an organized person. I love it when my house is clean, when I know exactly where my favorite pen is because it's in the same place I always put it, and when my writing is outlined.
I was assigned to orient a new Per Diem nurse last night when I went to work. The orientee got a call from one of the units and had requested if nurses could go there to assess two female inmates who got into a minor scuffle. I offered a deal with her as we started dashing out into the hallway that led to that unit. I asked her if she wanted to take one and I would assess the other so she could start honing her skills without me always breathing on her neck. She willingly agreed, enthused with so many incidents happening that would help her learn more in the prison setting.
A couple Saturday's ago I went and bought paint and thought I was going to paint this bathroom quickly in one afternoon. After cutting in half a wall with all those crazy corners I said hell to the no and closed the door on the project. Luckily last week there was a Groupon for painters and I couldn't click "buy" fast enough. My poor MIL is coming this weekend and the painters can't come until the 16th... Sorry MIL! Maybe we can lean the vanity mirror up against the wall? :-/
We mixed it with another tiny flower that butterflies adore, gold lantana (Lantana camara 'New Gold'). We like this lantana because even though some varieties of L. camara are found on the invasive lists, 'New Gold' is considered sterile and doesn't spread beyond where you plant it.
On the running/working out front. I’ve been doing pilates 2x/week and running when I can. It’s gotten a lot better since I’ve been able to put William into child care for 2 hours/day at the gym. SO nice. I do pilates on the reformer, like so:
From what we already know about the new leader based on media accounts as well as from his professors in Switzerland, is that he is not only a well rounded intellectual with the capability of speaking several languages but that he is not intrigued by the decadent lifestyles of the capitalist class. Unlike his brother Kim Jong Nam who succumbed to a capitalist lifestyle and began going to Japan and Macau, hanging out in Western resorts like Disneyland as well as gambling in casinos and staying overseas, Kim Jong Un has the ability to look beyond selfish pleasures and see the bigger picture just as his grandfather and founder of North Korea, Kim Il Sung was able to do. There is of course something to say about living in a world where the pursuit of human pleasures is the ultimate goal, that is the underlying goal and principle of the Humanitarian Socialist Party as it should be the case with any Communist Party that claims to subscribe to the beliefs of Karl Marx. Kim Jong Un as a 29 year old leader is not against the pursuit of pleasure, he is against the idea that only the capitalists should have this right and access in their private villas, casinos, and resorts.
Then the band goes and places two equally worthy B-sides to boot. "The Finest thing" is a simple & much faster paced song about failing at confronting feelings of longing, while the song itself sound like Dinosaur Jr covering a C-86 band. That comparison is meant in the best way possible. "Out of Work and on the Dole" is almost a combination of the previous two songs, an equal parts love and apathy fulled anthem as galloping drum work pushes the song along. Easily the noisiest song of the bunch, the feedback from the guitar and noise in general of the song help to perfectly cement the tone of the song: the sense of being engulfed by life.
I like what Chitanda said about being a top student: she’s only good at the parts and not the whole, the thing that actually matters. This reminds me of some of the classes where I had the feeling that all the class was about was to memorize a bunch of random facts. I guess most of high school is like that though. Anyways, we get some foreshadowing about Chitanda who wants Houtarou for something.
I’ll catch you guys when I’ve had some Vitamin D and hopefully some star gazing of the celebrity variety.
So here are my resolutions:
hey, i was 18 when we met - young love!
In 1959, Cline met Randy Hughes, who became her manager. With Hughes’s promotion and a new label, Cline would begin her ascent to the top. When her Four Star contract expired in 1960, she signed with Decca Records-Nashville, under the direction of legendary producer Owen Bradley. He was not only responsible for much of the success behind Cline’s recording career, but he positively influenced the careers of Brenda Lee and Loretta Lynn as well.
Get creative! Stamp, stick, color, punch, etc..... Once you have finished close the wallet with a paper clip, or a binder clip as I have below. I added a nice little ribbon to mine to make it a bit more fancier.
The truth is, my friends, that each of us . . . (I was tempted to write “some of us” in order to give you an out and increase the chance that you’d feel positively toward me, something I’ve been known to struggle with) . . . but the truth is that each of us knows our own kind of wretchedness.
The artist in question was one that I had heard of and seen the works of but seeing the twisted mind of the killer made me look at the art in a way that transcended more than, “That’s interesting.” Unless you’re very familiar with the artist, you will be as quizzical and enlightened as I was reading the book.
Judge Robert Hoyle scored it 117-110, Ruben Garcia had it 114-113 and Tamotsu Tomihara had it 115-113.
The past is the past. The present is the present. This is not the witch initiation. His foes will be beatable.
for the first time a post fossil society is emerging,
Of peaches, and the bright rug
buffeted by the philistines.
We finally made a U-turn about 45 minutes later and got directions to the Lodge. On the way there, we oohed and aahed the waterfalls as I envisioned us traipsing through the snow for hot-buttered rum by the lodge fireplace.
We forgot the meaning of time and the sun began to rest its bright rays out of the sky. Finally we pedalled back to our campsite and were treated to shadows playing tricks on the landscape. We free wheeled back between the giant rocks which was thrilling… the shadows made the rocks feel as if they were giants chasing us from behind.
Sprint Guardian Service Apps Keep Your Phone and Family Safe – The new Sprint Guardian service uses a cluster of apps to keep an eye your Android phone–as well as on other family members.
“Be not afraid. This is a time of renewal. Put your faith in living to your highest potential. That is where your peace lies. Focus your moments in living from your heart, wherein is your peace, your faith, and your hope.
Clay stops and starts to walk toward me, but again Lexi, trying to be helpful, tries to catch him which sends him screaming through the shop.
FY 2008 – $812 billion
My lovely wife also taught the family a game she learned at camp entitled Spud (and honestly, does Wikipedia have an entry for everything?). Every player is given a number. One player throws a ball high in the air and calls a number. While all the other players scatter, the person whose number was called must catch the ball and then yell “Stop”. When all the other players stop, the person with the ball takes four steps towards another player and throws the ball at that targetted player. If the player is hit, the hit player earn a letter (“S”, “P”, “U”, or “D”). If the thrower misses, the thrower earns a letter. When a person collects “SPUD”, they are out of the game. We usually can play only two or three rounds of this game before it degenerates into a helter-skelter of ball-throwing.
Kidd and Sons of Dartford in Kent was one of a series of breweries bought by Courage in the interwar years. There was the Camden Brewery in1923; Farnham United Breweries in 1927; Noakes in 1930; Kidd and Sons in 1937; Hodgsons Kingston Brewery in 1943. Those names look familiar? They should do. There are odd brewing logs for all of them except for Farnham United Breweries in the London Metropolitan Archives. (The Archives featured in a programme on BBC last night called "Filthy Cities". Unlike me, they let Dan Snow down into the bowels of the building.)
Lady was happy to see me this morning, and I was happy to see the old girl. The folks at the kennel raved about how good she is. I sent over more food and treats than she actually needed, but they were all used up. They must have added more wet food to her bowl than I do, and I'm sure they fed her more treats. If it made her happy it's ok with me.
Listening to me friends and stupidly attempting to make them laugh when they're down!
3) add the mystery item to your cart
I attempted to pull the bar stool back until it dawned on me it was attached to the deck.
Of course, you have heard of all of the wealth that was stolen from so very many in earlier eras of your current history, but it must be understood that even those assets stolen were not enough to cover fully the building up of the United States, and funds were borrowed that were never returned in exchange for the building up of the United States and the spreading of such prosperity.
And then the late show (a new thing for opening night) was an exclusive screening of the first Israeli horror film (at least that's how it's being marketed), RABIES. It starts as if we're already halfway into a horror film, with a girl trapped in a box underground and a man (we find out shortly he's her brother) trying to rescue her, failing, and running off for help. Enter a car full of young people (2 guys, 2 girls) out for some fun, who run into the frantic brother. The two guys follow him to try to rescue the sister while the two girls call for the cops. Enter two cops--one a sadistic rapist and the other two wrapped up in his failing marriage and partner loyalty to stop him. And now sit back and watch nearly everyone die in brutal, genre classic manners. And the fun of the movie is admiring it's genre chops, clearly a result of love of not just horror classics, but cult/camp classics. It's got the comedy and the gore. The story maybe tries to go too many places (when romantic jealousy trumps survival instincts it lost me momentarily), but the horror elements are always enjoyable. And without giving anything away, it ends on a comic note I loved, although it was abrupt and wrapped up nothing. It felt like walking into a good horror film about 20 minutes too late, and leaving just as early. But with this talent, I'm eager to see what director Aharon Keshales does next.
to put me in the place
"Miles has been battling brain cancer for over three years, now with a fourth recurrence, he is about to undergo an autologous stem cell transplant at LA Children’s Hospital. He will be in isolation, 2,000 miles from family and friends for months, that's why his Dad is asking folks around the world to send in 5,000 JOKES that he can watch online from his hospital room."
The last Monday of my life as a student was wrapped with a final grade of 2.75 in Media Law but who cares about grades when all you can think of is uncertainty? IN SO MANY ASPECTS.
Start a new job (unpaid) on Monday morning for a couple of mornings a week with one of NZ's top endurance riders and breeders. She offered me to come learn with her and I am jumping at the chance. All is good.
Product Description:
I try to avoid taking cakes, because mine have a tendency to cling to the pan with great tenacity. When I get brave and lucky enough to end up with a whole cake, I don’t have one of those cute tole-painted cake carriers with hinged clasps to secure the top to the base. Instead, I have a monstrous Tupperware antique that no longer snaps and burps and whose handles have long since gone the way of all small plastic items that you knew were in that drawer just last week. On the other hand, if I decide to take a pre-sliced cake or cookies, my serving trays are never the right size or shape, and my careful arrangements always look haphazard by the time I arrive at my destination.
Rain or Shine’s advantage of stretching the floor with their long range bombers seemed to be invincible too. The Extra Rice Incorporated clogged the inside lanes, yet seemed to injured their pulse in hitting the strides, struggling and losing life on its own.
Did you know this?
We just need to get through the frag gaming convention, Erik’s LAN party with his friends (delayed birthday party), and then Erik’s confirmation. then we are on the way. Joanne reminds me she has finals in June.
A cement orchid among hot dog stands,
7. The Turqoise Swimming Pools - The Winds
Overall, it’s a bland and idiotic movie in an unconventional setting for a redneck killers flick. Definitely not recommended.
Two days later the Doc had us getting blood test, getting a sonogram the next day, and back in with her two days later. At that second appointment she has us run down the street to get a CT. WE made a joke out of the whole things as normal.
Scientists caution that chocolate is far from being a cure-all, of course. But what could be better than knowing such an indulgence might be good for you?
Dont know why.
We learned all about yeast. The freeze dried yeast you get in the store is quite amazing - pretty indestructible stuff. You should keep it in the freezer, by the way. We learned about making your own starter with organic grapes, water, flour and time (read the La Brea Bakery cookbook for a good explanation and technique)...I won't ever be doing that, but learning about making your own starter from your regional yeast spores in the air is very interesting.
I purchased my copy of this book while traveling in Gettysburg.
geometric modulation:
Yesterday, one of her assignments involved a page covered with bubbles, each of which contained a number. She was to color numbers 1-25 red, 26-50 orange, 51-75 yellow, and 76-100 blue. Since I was still in the middle of morning check-in calls when she got to that particular task, I helped her read the instructions and asked her to try her best to complete it. Fortunately, I received a welcome assist from Deedaw (with whom I was on the phone at the time), who told Bugaboo she was sure she could get at least half of them right. I have to remember that “I’m sure you’ll get at least half of them right” line — it erases the “not gonna” line that often furrows our eldest daughter’s brow!
I haven't been in the mood to blog much this week in case you haven't noticed. Everything feels like an effort these days and something has to give. I strive to be positive here but it's becoming more of a struggle and that shows.
He represents the magic that is starting to fade from my girls' eyes ...
I think the clue to all this is in Richard Bandler's character and what he says about NLP. He is provocative. His style is to spring you out of whatever 'box' your thinking is currently limited to. And remember, he calls NLP an 'attitude and methodology', not a set of truths and techniques.
It felt just as i was at home.
Your moral values change
How do you tell someone to kindly fuck off?
1. Whatever I can conceive, I believe.
Joey’s reaction: Oh mommy! you made lemonade with leaves!
the nice thing about going on these trips is the party's and the schmoozing...
2 cups (389 g) of sugar
Saturday H had a couple accidents for Jeff in the evening. And Sunday they did diapers with being out of the house 1/2 of the day for showings & such. But we have come an incredibly long way in, what, a week? Especially considering I didn't think Logan would get this til he was 5! And really this wasn't even our agenda. It wasn't on my plans until July. But they totally took the lead on this one & I'm not about to deny them & miss out on our perfect opportunity & possibly make it harder on us later.
Decker responded, "In my ideal world, you would build only on the railyards. There would be no eminent domain. It would be three 25-, 35-story tall buildings, a central courtyard, New York typology... and I think you'd have a vibrant, active place." (Left unsaid was that an arena cannot be built solely on the railyard, and the scale of the project has been driven in part by the need to include affordable housing, which itself was needed to gain political support.)
-Massive central bank intervention to save too big to fail banks
“We don’t want to get the other side of it,” he said. “We want to stay as we always have been — family oriented.”
“Oh, I see.” CHECK PLEASE!
I have had the Zumba videos for about a year now but I know that you can find some videos online as well. Here is just a snippet of what fun Zumba can be! Enjoy!
4 – Iced tea. As noted in my #3, I’ve had to recently purchase new tea flavors and when I found the new one, I wasn’t sure if it would work iced. I mean, it tastes delicious when it’s hot, but we had a really warm day and I didn’t want hot tea, so, I experimented with it cold… oh my goodness! It tastes just as good cold… okay, well, it’s definitely better when it’s hot but it’s not too shabby iced. I’m liking it. I’m actually almost on my third pitcher of it!
So we created few leftovers, because there was no room to store them. And when we did have a six-pack in the house -- which is infrequent, but it happens -- only a couple bottles went into that cube at a time. We learned to anticipate our needs. And to simplify our options. Imagine that.
The BSYO has won two National Orchestra awards. For its activities during 2005, it received the prestigious National Youth Orchestra Award for “extending the public’s perceptions of youth orchestras”. It was a first for a regional youth orchestra. In 2003, BSYO had earned an honourable mention and certificate in the same category for its 2002 agenda.
Happy 4th of July, everybody!
8 Facts About ME:
at
Wait...ricotta dessert? You mean like a cheese cake? Nope! I mean ricotta topped with fruit, either jam or berries, your choice. I had this at my good friend Phyllis' home, she topped her ricotta with a homemade cherry jam and candied almonds. Holy cow it was delicious!! So thank you Phyllis for the recipe source as well as the tasty and unexpected dessert idea! I hope that you all will try to make your own ricotta cheese. Your friends and family will be impressed to know you made your own cheese, and only we need to know just how easy it is. Enjoy!
Interestingly, about ten years ago, Lewis Schaffer had a conversation with Bernard Manning, though they never met.
It created an even larger mass of swarming ‘bees’. A side note, even though there were more planes on Friday it took even longer for the swarm to really thin out.
I’ve missed November. It’s good to see it again.
We had to figure out a uniform way to discuss a concept that we didn’t even agree on. For so long, I confused justice with retaliation and revenge. But in my new social and psychic evolutionary state, I had absolutely no clue what to tell my daughter as my concept of justice was in flux. My wife comes from a profoundly religious background, but she was moving towards a more holistic spirituality, so her ideas around what is just were also changing. Why in the hell did we have to explain heavy-duty concepts so early in the game? As neither my wife, nor myself have parents, we’ve already had to explain death to our daughter after she asked about her grandmother and grandfather—her mother told her about heaven, and I told her about dirt and worms—can we get a break?
“Esoteric Tendencies in Russian Cosmism” Little known in the West, Russian cosmism is an important movement in Russian thought rooted in the ideas of the nineteenth century thinker Nikolai Fedorov (1829-1903) and extended, through the twentieth century, into a comprehensive, holographic view of the universe, treating elements from traditional esoteric doctrines as legitimate subjects for scientific, theological, and philosophical enquiry. Major figures in the cosmist movement include the rocket pioneer and grandfather of the Russian space program, Konstantin Tsiolkovsky, (1857-1935), the geologist, biologist, and developer of the theory of the noosphere, Vladimir Verndasky (1863-1945), the creative theologians Sergei Bulgakov (1871-1944) and Pavel Florensky (1882-1937) and the philosopher Nikolai Berdyaev (1874-1948). This paper focuses on the esoteric elements in cosmist thought and on the idea of active evolution, the cosmist insistence that we have the ability, indeed the Christian or rationalist duty, to determine the course of future human and cosmic development.
Higher than I.
2 lives
I used pretzels to make the bear cage. I frosted a piece of cardboard cut out to be the same size as the car for the roof of the cage. I just put the pretzels in the cake and then piped frosting on top of each pretzel and then applied the cardboard roof. I let the roof sit for a bit and so the frosting on it was already hardening.
- shop keeper
Bench: Home Goods, recovered with laminated fabric
What makes me wonder is why do we wait to fulfill all our desires and wishes before we do such things? Why can’t we do almost all of these things now, today and make our lives more meaningful and become lot happier right now? Why can’t we do these and bring ourselves this happiness and peace today?
Okay. Let’s depart from that for a second and take a more serious tack. Now this bloke isn’t your run of the mill Vermin Supreme, your satirical, attention seeking 4chan troll. He may be ridiculous, but he’s kind of dangerous. Like our dear friend Gina he’s got an agenda, namely “cutting red tape” or more accurately giving free run of the country to the super rich like himself. At the moment, gaining favourable preselection for the seat of Lilley is seeming remote, but I assure you, should he gain it and anymore influence, it would be a dark day for our supposedly egalitarian society. People like Mr Palmer and Ms Rinehardt are like poison within our system, using their immense wealth, built up via exploitation and inheritance to alter the flow of opinion and change political decisions in their favour, be it to deregulate business, encourage socially conservative views, or skew the “debate” on anthropogenic climate change. The consolidation of the power should be rightly feared, and opposed at every turn. Robber barons should not, nor ever be, a part of Australian society.
rumble. rattle.
Localized itching
Clay drew it a year ago.
Stir in the yeast till it is diluted. Keep aside for 5 to 6 minutes.
Sheryl Crow - accordion
Look back at the list of great sequels (in my opinion) from earlier—Lethal Weapon, Shanghai Knights, The Mummy Returns, Karate Kid Part II, The Last Crusade —in each circumstance, the central enjoyment of the film is not, primarily, action (although each film has action aplenty), rather it is the characters within the film. The Lethal Weapon movies are character showcases, and one watches those films not because of their plot or story, but because one enjoys watching Riggs, Murtaugh and their (increasing!) gang get into and out of trouble together. Shanghai Knights builds on the great chemistry between Jackie Chan and Owen Wilson to create an extension of their story together. The Mummy Returns focuses on the marriage and relationship between Brendan Fraser and Rachel Weisz, and we enjoy the movie (I believe) because of this relational foundation, and not the return of the Mummy. The Karate Kid II builds superbly on the characters of the original, because what people want in a Karate Kid sequel is not more karate, but more of Miyagi’s aphoristic wisdom instructing Daniel-san in how to be mature. Finally, The Last Crusade’s success and appeal stem from the on-screen relationship between Indiana and his father. Their relationship drives the story, renders it compelling, and gives it texture. In each circumstance, the heart of the original film is rarified, developed, and expanded in the sequels. Ultimately, you care about the characters.
Reply to:
Angel Eyes
corruption agencies. An aviation ministry source said the project was
Technically, there was only one rerun between this and the last new episode. There will also be just one week off before the hour-long season finale. But did they really have to end this episode on a cliffhanger, albeit a predictable one?
I should take this opportunity to two on three points. First, the TMFM is absolutely free. Second, bucking a trend popular in many museums these days, the TMFM not only allows photography, it encourages it. And third, the docents that staff the TMFM are really enthusiastic about what they do and are very well-informed about the collections and military history in general. They will tailor your tour to your tastes and level of interest, whether you are a novice or an expert.
Super Chevy
Pakistani police spokesman Nasir Butt said that the 58-year-old cab driver is being treated as the chief suspect in the case.
If you recall, I shared this gorgeous bowl of oats with you a few days ago.
DEX: 4d6 (14)
A few of the sights to see include pieces from...
"But unfortunately, as we see more boats, it will put pressure on everyone."
The expectation is that there will now be progress on resolving Siachen and Sir Creek especially after the recent tragedy in Siachen has highlighted the futility of such confrontations. The reality however is that Pakistan cannot accept and condone Indian aggression in Siachen by agreeing to ratify the actual ground positions of the two forces—something the Indians insist on. Nor can they agree to the Indian view on Sir Creek because that has implications for the extension of the boundary line into the sea. No one knows the exact contours of the agreement the previous regime had agreed on in Kashmir. So there is a long way to go but a beginning has been made and hopes are high because this time trade and economic considerations are powerful drivers.
More and more, success in winning new clients is not about the effectiveness of the advertising you create, but about how clever you are at articulating a convincing process behind your creative endeavors.
I've a feeling in my soul,
Inspirational and full of Emotion! Terrific Movie for the entire family!!!
"Any arrests?" I asked.
To always make mistakes.
So far, our year has been pretty good. Although, I always promise I will blog more often and I obviously haven't lived up to that quite yet; things are going well for our family. We are busy as always. It seems we have something going on every weekend, even when we don't make plans, something usually comes up.
Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)
...and in Scotland
The game place in the early 1920s and begins with your character (male or female) getting ready to rake up leaves when suddenly there house is destroyed by the foot of a giant robot. To say you’re character is startled is an understatement and you soon seeing Penny Arcades main characters Tycho and Gabe rushing after the thing. Encouraged by the disembodied voice known as the narrator you follow them and are soon dragged into their quest to find the giant robot known as the Fruit Fucker Prime. Along the way you discover darker secrets under the hood and encounter a cult of mines.
I have the least experience in this type of matchup, so please excuse my mostly theorycrafting here. Overall, Void Rays don’t work as well against Zerg, due to the defensive anti-air capabilities of the Zerg Queen. Plus, most Zerg units are small, and hence Protoss ground armies work better. For air superiority, especially against Mutalisk, you’ll want to build a fair number of Phoenix. If you have about 2/3 as many Phoenix as your opponent has Mutalisk, you’ll do well.
It has some incredibly funny scenes and some tearjerkers as well.
While I was back there, I got a better shot of one of the phoebe.
In a week that encompassed many emotions, we completed Years 1, 3, 5 and 7 in great style. As an unashamedly proud mother, I will forewarn all, that I will continue to use this blog as my very own brag book.
The rocking chair sits still and empty. I lean against the doorframe and promise myself I’ll give it a fresh coat of paint one of these days. I make this promise every evening, just as darkness descends over another day.
The finishing spree continues. This top has been in the works since... drum roll... 2006. Now it's finished, got all its borders, and they fit nicely. Don't judge by the pictures... this is unpressed, hot off the machine! I am inordinately pleased to have it at this stage.
Defending the Caveman, Blue Man Group, Cirque du Soliel Beatles Love, The Venetian, Caesars Palace, The Mirage, and Madame Tousseds.
He put me down for being vegetarian and mocked my passion for obtaining higher education. And yes, he proposed in a sort of “Let’s get married and you can work full-time to support me and my kids,” sort of way.
11AM MARCO BARRANTES BEFORE & AFTER: GARDEN TRANSFORMATIONS
Betty Crocker Save $.40/1 cookie mix pouch 17.5oz+ (5/19)
i got this slip last year from urban outfitters, in tucson, arizona.
nature. This is because I like the sense of being free......
I stayed in Belgium for nearly two months that time. With Evelyne's amazing circle of friends, who became my friends, we went ice-skating, we drank gluhwein at Christmas markets, we drove to France for Christmas Day, we spent New Years sitting up all night eating a 9 course dinner and exchanging gifts, we stayed in holiday chalets in the mountainous Belgian countryside (the Ardennes) and we celebrated my birthday with a party that remains my best ever birthday. All through this, Hans was there. Sometimes with his girlfriend, but most often not. It was horrible. We were in love. I knew it. He knew it. He wanted to be with me. You could see the blue sparks of electricity between us. If our eyes met, my heart skipped a beat. All that cliched mushy stuff. But we did nothing. An accidental brush of the hand. A drunken sitting on the couch with my legs over the top of his lap. That was all. And a staring contest, in the sauna. Eye to eye. No touching. Truly. He is THE most loyal and honourable and trustworthy man you could hope for. He couldn't break up with his girl because she was doing her Law exams, and he didn't want to screw that up for her. I just had to understand. Which I did. But it didn't make things any easier.
60 gr (1/4 cup)of soft butter, cubed
This exhibition created in association with WILDWORKS was a mash up of fashion, site-specific installation art, history, poetry and performance. It really and truly was enchanting. Kensington Palace's show The Enchanted Palace continues until January 2012.
I have an afternoon phone call scheduled with a new friend and coach, for a mutual session which is really exciting. Last time we talked it was click click click energizing loveliness and I hope tomorrow will bring more of the same. I love resonance that is positive like that. It makes me feel things are possible.
At the end of every season in club football, the best teams in their respective leagues come to the spotlight by playing in club football’s elite competition. The UEFA Champions League.
After two passes through the town of Auvers sur Oise with my hiking group which offered little time to soak up the history of Vincent Van Gogh's final days there, I finally made the time to go back in early May. With perfect weather and a great group of touring companions, it was certainly a day to remember. And it's one that anyone visiting Paris can easily repeat themselves via commuter train from Gare du Nord in about 40 minutes. There's just one change in Valmondois or you can get off in Méry sur Oise and walk about 2.5 kilometers down the hill and across the river to Auvers.
When your children are struggling and they remain under your roof, one has a false sense of being able to control the struggle. You continue to release them, but somehow you feel you can cushion the blow.
Romeo and Juliet were passionate, romantic and sensual in their love for each other. We don’t have to be talking about a relationship for these terms to apply. All endeavors worth working on, all journeys worth taking in life, all experiences worth diving into should be lived, felt, loved, with passion, romance and sensuality. These sensations and emotions should be at the heart of all of us.
Giving money to people who already have more than they can spend does not stimulate the economy because they don't spend it. More particularly, rich people know it makes no sense to use the money to create inventory when so few others can afford to buy it, so they know it makes no sense to hire workers to create more inventory. When you give money to rich people during a recession, you encourage not job-creation but money-hoarding, which helps no one other than the rich. Thus, despite – or rather, because of – the fact that so much of the U.S. stimulus has gone to banks and big corps., employment has risen very little, while cash reserves held by those businesses have swollen dramatically. Time and again, "trickle-down" has been proven not to work, and that's why conservatives have abandoned the phrase; but they're still pushing the policy.
I don't know why they think that stones that have lasted 10,000 years will suddenly break down with people touching them.
Also, on the first night in the hotel, I had a rather upsetting dream. In the entire time I was down there, the only days I really had dreams of any kind was Friday night/Saturday morning, and then Tuesday night/Wednesday morning; I think I was just too tired and had too little sleep otherwise to really dream, or remember what I was dreaming. In that dream on Saturday morning, I was being drowned by a rather attractive guy (who I recognized…not someone I knew very well or at all at that point, but someone I had seen during the previous day) in a swimming pool. It was not horrific, and I can’t really say it was a nightmare per se, but it was just sort of disturbing. One of the Mystai then suggested to me in the days to come that drowning isn’t necessarily a “bad thing,” especially when we consider what happened to Antinous because of drowning. In my exercises before that, and especially after, I rather wanted to avoid the swimming pool itself therefore; but, despite that, when I “dunked” myself under for the final part of the Inundation exercises each day, I made sure to stay down under the water a lot longer than I had done previously, attempting to run out of breath underneath before coming up. And, I think that sort of “worked,” for whatever value of “worked” I was going for.
I just used the avocado and honey mask and loved it. I'm not going to lie...I tasted it...I liked it. Not saying that I took a chip to the leftovers, but there is something to be said for tasty face masks.
6 UKR 5 0 1 1 3 3
The basement fought back.
So I will not allow the worries of what he is not doing yet rob me of the joys of what he is doing now.
Speaking to queries from the media, an SMU spokesperson said:
YOU MUST BE AN AUSTRALIAN/NEW ZEALAND CITIZEN OR PERMANENT RESIDENT TO ENTER.
My otter stayed in her room, back home, when I moved out. And up until today, Marissa’s leopard has perched on the top shelf of the entertainment center in my apartment. I’ve thought about putting it away. There’s no reason that I need to see it every day, and I certainly want it safe. But I couldn’t. I didn’t. And just now, my roommate Abby, burdened and disoriented by a load of painting supplies, bumped into the entertainment center, knocking it off the top. “Oh, Ta –” she says, dropping her stuff and tripping over herself.
Whilst at my mum's I ran into Laughing Yaffle. We had a chat about free motion sewing and baby blue sewing machine and I mentioned that the needle didn't lift high on the machine. So she kindly lent me this embroidery ring to try out, and I can report that it is perfect for the task.
i did some readings on the articles over the internet and few books such as the 'Kerjaya Sebagai Doktor Perubatan' by Dr Azreen Adnan , 'Budaya Kerja Cemerlang' by an important figure but cant remember who is it, & of course the more famous one, 'Denyut Kasih Medik' by Dr Farhan Hadi. hihi :)
So, agents limit the clause. “Any other book-length work” is too open-ended. We dig in and start defining that book-length work. Now how we define this can vary depending on what the author writes, what they have going at the time, and what they plan to write in the future. If the author already writes in let’s say an adult genre but now we are doing a contract for YA books, we force the publisher to acknowledge their upcoming adult books in this clause as well so it’s clear that even though those books are out on the shelves at the same time, they aren’t “in competition” with the book in this contract.
Hot dogs and broccoli
And then I went regular bookshopping and spent the same amount on three new books. Two of them were $5 Penguin modern classics. Both were less than 100 pages, as with all the other books in that series. Great books to add to the pile of stuff I can read on the go.
Like Mitch Ablom, I suck at goodbyes. I still remember my final words to my mother-in-law the day she died of pancreatic cancer. I wasn't ready to let her go. I wasn't ready to believe that it was hopeless. I wasn't ready to say goodbye. So, instead, I told her she was the best mother-in-law I've had. It was true. It was jokey and it made her laugh. I hope she knew just how much I loved her even though the words weren't there.
14And I said unto him, Sir, thou knowest. And he said to me, These are they which came out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes, and made them white in the blood of the Lamb.
And implicitly in
don’t kick the can
Best of all, you can use this gift certificate on any of my upcoming promotions.
I then cut a tag shape out of Kraft card and mounted My Minds Eye dark polka dot paper onto it. Then I found some scraps of coredinations cardstock and tore to show the gorgeous colour underneath. I placed this on top of the MME papers and then covered with the inked paper. Next I added the Dressmaking dummies, and glitter butterfly. I then followed the same sort of layout for the bag but with larger embellishment and two of the butterflies and strips of coredinations cardstock. I hope you like it, I would love some feedback!
All other so-called facts are really non-facts and belong in the category of consensual reality and relative truth, i.e., unreal reality and untrue truth.
Shelf Life:Taste best when ate straight away from handi (Ok...not actually, but do consume right away)
Frank is a young guy, maybe thirty, tall and thin, vaguely Russian, but not the pale Caucasian Russian; something darker and hardier. He’s expanded the place, put in nice wood flooring, a glass-fronted case with plants in pots on top and containing some random Salon supplies that no one ever looks at, a rack of old magazines, a refurbished Ms. Pac-Man game, and some extra chairs.
I use Splenda and the 8 teas. measure is based on this use of this product
are flying away at college....
9 pm DJ, On the Rocks, Florence. Free, Contact: 256-760-2212
One day while strolling through Goodwill looking for a dress to wear to a wedding, I saw…. Could it be? After all these many months of searching? My eyes zoomed in on the mug of my dreams….
I tried finding out what you could get for £5 (as pictured above) but really all I came up with was this website called FiveSquids where people will do a lot of things for Five Pounds! The best thing you can get for £5 coins though is a £5 note. It will ultimately lighten your purse and sit much nicer!
I wanted to joke.
chocolate
Weyerbacher Double Simcoe IPA
Glen Sather's solution? - Signing the ancient Donald Brashear for pretty much the same money but for only two years. Incredulously, Sather signed the same guy who cheap-shot'd Blair Betts the year before. Brashear played maybe 5 minutes before he fell apart and disappeared. He is still collecting a pay check from the Rangers this year. Derek Boogaard was signed for the same dollar range as Orr was requesting.
If somebody had to live my life, why did it have to be me?!
The hydrogen sulfide proved very troublesome because it corroded the hardware and formed compounds that hampered the processing equipment when it was separated from the steam. The current phase injects only carbon dioxide, while the next phase will also inject hydrogen sulfide into the basalt.
The shit house strikes again!
Thanks so much for stopping by Today! I hope your Monday is a super good one filled with MANY blessings! Bee a Blessing to someone today!
now pursuing my masters degree
The girls are great. Super fun ages right now. Well, Abby is getting a little whiney, but we're nipping that in the bud the best we can and she is starting to really show that she understands the difference between "whiney voices" and "nice voices" The thing that is hard is when she uses a nice voice and the answer is still "no" ...cue loud whiney voice.
It often comes as a surprise visitors that the quaint Victorian town of Eureka Springs, Arkansas, hosts more weddings per capita than any city in the United States.
As for knitting, I’ve done 36 of the 40 rounds of the ribbing on the second Zauberball sock. So I should get to the good bit today, without difficulty. And should be very close to finishing, if I don’t actually do it, at Loch Fyne at the weekend.
PS... apparently I'm in the mood for words/phrases that aren't real today...the expensive one is meant to rhyme with entrée...me likey.
How happy James Murdoch must be to be jetting off to New York. For it was he who personally approved the Clifford payment.
and lakes great enough to be oceans
Wherefore he is able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him, seeing he ever liveth to make intercession for them. Hebrews 7:25 (KJV)
Below are several screenshots of the ring locations, (mostly emanating from NWS nexrad sites)… for a full explanation of what I have found that may cause this phenomenon.. here is the link to most of the information that has been found on the subject:
From here, you'll hop along to see what awesome creation Jak is sharing with you today, and just in case you gotten lost along the way.....here is the blog hop order.
Of course… I wear a dinner jacket… or, as some would say, ‘black tie’… as I do for all my podcasts… and there is usually something in The Sun or The Mirror to allow me to end the podcast with something bizarre. Daily News podcast on Consilio: here
3) Stir in milk and heat. Do not boil.
Each of the offers will give you the option to choose No/Not Interested/Not Applicable/I don’t know as your response and by saying no, you’re not losing your chance to win!
If he is truly my priority I will realize that the brownies can wait; the dishes can sit there when he needs me.
Sweden, however, is at the opposite extreme. It stands as a shining beacon of opportunity for immigrants, supplying generous subsidies to newcomers and allowing for the addition of extended family members to immigrants already resident.
Now, hurry and eat it before the new year hits and you have to be good again.
This atrocity must be exposed.
Christel Swasy, an educator and blogger in Utah, sent me a couple of detailed emails about why Common Core is wrong for Utah. Her blog is here and you can read a lot about CCSS there.
The kinds of items offered for sale are trivial: a $10 leather jacket; a $5 hair dryer dating from the first Bush administration; a $2.50 bullfrog tadpole. But the people selling these wares have fascinating stories to tell, all the more so when the author finds a rapport with them.
Highlights – We got to see the annoying tickle fight. He lost to a submission hold.
What if your children came to you only when they wanted something, would you feel that they loved you? If your children spent their life studying how they could get you to give them what they wanted would you feel loved? How would that make you feel? Personally, I will feel used and unloved. How about you? Knowing God just to experience more of His blessings is not loving Him.
I have been in denial about the life left in my blog for a long long time. I keep thinking, "soon, I'll get back into it and start updating it again," but soon never materializes. This week I started a new job at a regional call center as an advice nurse, and thus it seems a bit silly to continue an ER blog.
There’s this one scene where Detective Black decides to go into Exposition Mode and rattle off this story about Vietnam and superstitions and all of this, and really, why even bother, movie? You’re trash, and have nothing worthwhile to contribute at all.
Invention and Patent of Profile-Taking Machine
But thats because Monday is my birthday and I'm looking forward to being pampered and doing ......well not much at all really !!! Lol
It filled her with love;
Before we discussed dd he hadn't a clue I was a spanko at heart. Though I had seen some pretty strong indicators that he was one.
So I do the only thing I can think of. I push a trolley aside, and go scan my goods. All of a sudden, behind me is a very loud silence.... You know that one in the movies? where the very bad scary thing is rising up out of the darkness and the hero's back is turned, oblivious?
Kegged: 11-17-2007
We were left in the backyard, or worse – left to roam -
*****Dance Magic has not actually left our world, he has just moved to one of our partnering bars .9 miles away, this was a joke that we decided upon last week so don't get sad!!****
There is a picture of a pile of golden breadcrumbed chicken lumps on the front. Mr Young fondles the box lovingly. He has a special weakness for golden food.
This morning, divers from the Boca Raton Police Department joined Delray Beach police and fire-rescue in a renewed search of the canal that divides Delray Beach and Boca Raton, even using a remote-controlled submarine to scour the canal bottom.
Finally, yesterday, I had the most delightful time with blogger Robin, who was stopping in the city to buy some lace, en route to Boston.
A little while ago, I created a shareable calendar for The Millions' list of notable forthcoming releases and a modified version of it with a few personal additions.
Be firm to one of your hands who is reaching out to these cookies.
All of the treats will be delivered tomorrow, except for the birthday cupcake, which was delivered today. I sure hope we earn some brownie points. HA! Brownie points! Get it? Yes, I'm a dork.
She slowly turned around with a sly little smile on her face and said,
Mayall: Well no, no… he did hit a car with a twig. Very quickly.
You have been wondering what in the world were we referring to by John. Yes, he’s our Head Chef at BRC Cafe but as part of the Burger Joint menu, there is now the Roti John (not related to Chef John in any way except his style).
The eagle-eyed among you will see the boo-boo I've made! When I showed this card to my hubby, he said "it's great ... but he should have socks on not bare legs!" - Oops!! Apologies to all the baseball fans out there! You'll just have to imagine that Oliver is playing baseball with his friends at the local park rather than being kitted out in full uniform, lol! ;)
On date five (last night) I met his roommates, and was finally able to let down my guard a little. We kissed in his room, but I'm not sure if I'm crazy about him. How does one know? I don't feel butterflies in my stomach when I'm around him (maybe they're all dead). He is a pretty good looking guy, with kind eyes and a bit of scruff. But I feel like there is definitely something missing. Our interactions feel awkward to me, and at times it feels forced on my end.
Tonight will be the night. I’ve decided. I’ve got everything I need. I’ve made sure my housemate’s out. No-one’s going to stop me.
A new and better season has begun. It's time to take the flannel sheets off the bed and change them to plain cotton.
As one child, Aloyna, said it, “the workers treat us like cattle. They don’t care. It’s their job. They come in and do their job, and leave. They don’t care about us at all.”
Madagascan music is so fantastically joyous. And I really wanted to
Given the severe penalties for insulting the monarchy in Thailand, no-one was surprised when Ms Daranee was arrested shortly afterwards.
Nurse Crappy: Well, she isn't feeling any contractions.
I love it that age has enabled me to give up most of my idolization of women. I love it that Peggy stayed with me during all the years before this was true.
family slides, and this striking image
Moldau, Prokofiev Lieutenant Kije Suite, Nicolai Overture to Merry Wives of
2 tbsp. butter
Today's giveaway is sponsored by a dear blogging friend . . . one you probably know because her creations are EVERYWHERE! Bev, from Flamingo Toes and Flamingo Toes Designs is a creative genius . . . and she is also super duper generous because today she is giving away a $25.00 shop credit to her store Flamingo Toes Designs.
what can I say. I've been lacking in the veggie department :-(
I have just found out that my darling girl woke up in the dark two nights ago, drenched in tears and convinced that I was dead.
On the prep level, a current mark that is very worth noting is the early season state leading 800 time of 1:56.00 by Danny Tarango of El Paso Burges. A great time for mid-February from this young sophomore. Wow. I can't wait to see what he (along with El Paso Austin's Ramon Garcia) gets down to by May, much less by May 2012.
You are going to open your zipper and place one of the zipper tapes flush with one of the back cover pieces. You want the right side of the zipper tape placed on the right side of the fabric. Pin zipper to fabric and sew on with your invisible zipper foot.
Are you wondering if I used my power tools for this project? I have to come clean and tell you I didn't touch a single one. I played the role of Tim the Toolman's handy assistant and let my husband do the cutting. I bet he just cringes inside when he hears the words..."So, I was thinking..."
He was born in 1955 and grew up in England, obtaining a doctorate from Cambridge, was a married hetero male and father to two sons. Became a Fullbright Scholar and post-doctoral fellow at Stanford and did research at the University of Utah Department of Psychiatry (!).
You also get to plan events or upcoming meetings.
to the relentless sea.
One entry per person please!
Before I could read or write, as a small child I had a little easel in my father's studio. I'd paint away quietly in a corner or look at his old books. He never taught me directly - but I learnt concentration and I often watched him paint. It must have helped me gain a facility at drawing.
Super Mario 64 DS retains the aloft music and emphasis samples acclimated in the aboriginal game, admitting some new samples were added for the new characters and a few furnishings accept changed. Stomping an adversary now makes a added standard, Air-conditioned Mario Bros.-like “stomp on a goomba” noise, instead of the higher-pitched cheep acclimated in the aboriginal game. The tunes are acutely memorable, and even if you don’t already accept cornball feelings, you’ll still arise abroad bustling abounding of the game’s themes. Just about the abandoned downside is that some of the furnishings complete hardly tinny and they’re played aback at a low bit rate, so they don’t complete as ablaze as they could have. These furnishings are added apparent if appliance headphones. On the upside, the game’s stereo breach is absolute noticeable, and it does a acceptable job of authoritative you acknowledge the system’s stereo speakers.
Finally, I went to the kitchen and called. Nothing. However, the stovetop fan was on because I was trying to make dinner, so it turned it off to listen. Oh yeah, I was expecting some friends over for dinner to watch American Idol and was also rushing around cleaning up at the last minute. I’m the queen of multi-tasking … dinner, vacuuming, table setting, and cell phone searching.
The hallucinator….
And so, I turned down the offer to write and run the course this summer. Instead we’re going to get together to discuss how to approach integrating tech tools into the course in the most natural and unobtrusive way possible. We want to negotiate a shared approach which will inform all aspects of the course: the lessons taught by the tutors on the first day of teaching practice, the unknown language lessons in the first week, the input sessions, the pre-course questionnaire and tasks, the materials assignments … everything. A kind of mission statement for principled use and best practice.
What is the difference between ice cream and kulfi, you ask? Well, the main difference is that kulfi is not whipped like ice cream is. The result is a much denser consistency which makes kulfi very, very slow melting. I personally find kulfi much creamier than ice cream, even the custard based types.
Wishing yellow in every green of the blue flakes turning violet and indigo in the Navajo base
Anyone who has read this thing I do knows I love to make soup. This little beauty is composed of butternut squash, carrots, celery, red kale, onion and garlic, chicken stock I made in January and froze; fresh dill, salt, pepper, barley and some lovely smoked bacon. A little Grana Padano on top and it's good enough to eat.
kinda tributes to songs we (hopefully) all know...
I: Yeah. It’s certainly difficult.
- dizziness
Swap Privacy for Customization” from Oracle, I couldn’t resist clicking on it. I LOVE to learn about futuristic trends and innovation. I’ve had the good fortune to visit think tanks like XEROX Parc, MIT Media Lab and NASA Ames Research Center to chat with talented mad scientists.
Tony Blair became Prime Minister on 2 May 1997 and by 1 May 1999, he had met Rupert Murdoch 7 times:
Give him a padded cell for thinkin’ he could-a been
Living in the moment has become somewhat difficult task to do for me. I find it incessantly hard to realise that I am in a happy moment as I am constantly dreading the end, or thinking of the next moment. Because of this, happy moments tend to surpass me whilst I wait for the next moment to happen.
And we played and laughed and read,
Shirohata Pink Grapefruits Ale
“Yeah, if I already bored of you, I’ll kill u immediately.”
In the course of a year with Mr. Geiger, I can remember 3 words of wisdom that he freely offered even as they extended beyond the study of geology.
As I'm going out tonight.
Stir in 1 cup chopped nuts. Substitute 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips or candy-coated chocolate pieces for raisins; omit cinnamon. Substitute 1 cup diced dried mixed fruit.
I guess the metal-mix, simple designs and rustyness calls for it all to be worn at the same time.. I'm already on it.
1 tubs
Common - 39
Pitching for votes and selling vacuum cleaners. They're jobs that have got a lot more in common than you'd think.
So when K’s cousin’s wedding rolled around a year later, I was all set to have fun. I went across to H’s house the previous day to check out what she was wearing. But she wasn’t attending.
* Depth of Field
All you need is some sort of hay/grass to layer the bottom of the cage, put a small house inside (like the orange one in the photo) for it to sleep, a bowl for food and a water bottle for, well, water. They eat these long dried grass that I get from the pet shop, and from time to time you can give it with dried strawberries as a treat. To clean them, you just need to place some sort of cleansing sand from the pet store into a container/bowl and put your chinchilla inside. It’ll then automatically roll around in the sand until it’s clean. Like this:
Born on May 22, 1982, Tom Scudamore was appointed stable jockey to David Pipe in the 2006/2007 season, marking a return to Pond House in Somerset where he began his career as an amateur for Pipe’s father Martin, and where his own father Peter Scudamore, was also stable jockey. Tom comes from an illustrious line of jockeys. His great-grandfather Geoffrey rode winners as an amateur, grandfather Michael was Oxo’s pilot when winning the 1959 Grand National and his father was eight-times champion jockey with 1,677 successes but never won the John Smith’s Grand National, achieving his best finishing position on third-placed Corbiere in 1985. Tom has made a big impression since leaving Cheltenham College after A-levels in 2000. He won the amateur riders’ title in the 2000/01 season and also landed the 2001 Flat amateurs’ championship. After 52 unpaid successes, he turned professional in October,
We men – laugh at any movie, regardless of genre (except bold movies)
Post-coup situation update, Monday, April 2: Bamako continues to operate under a veneer of normality, with most businesses and schools open, and both private and state broadcasters airing their regular music and cultural programs. Nobody is fooled by appearances, however: taxi drivers say they aren’t getting much business because a lot of people are choosing to stay home, and business owners in the city center say customers are avoiding the downtown area, which is the usual scene of demonstrations. Our son’s daycare, from which we received our first indication of trouble brewing on March 21 (its early closure was announced several minutes ahead of the US Embassy’s SMS alert notification), which was open for half-days last week, decided to close last Friday “until the situation calms down.” Then we got a call from them this morning saying they are open again.
Three-and-a-half cups of coffee. Two scrambled eggs. Four (that’s right…four) pieces of french toast. (Did you hear that? I ate FOUR pieces of BREAD in one sitting!). A small bottle of syrup. Gideon’s leftover yogurt and blackberries. A glass of water. And here’s the kicker…six large pieces of bacon.
I paid the price for not accepting Responsibility and ultimately lost my job. I am not proud of that, but it was a learning experience. Like it or not, you can not hold onto something and give up Responsibility for it at the same time. Either take Responsibility and find a way to produce or move on.
**LOL he just came back into my place to return a box of sex toys I had accidentally packed into his stuff.
Hopefully it will cheer us all up with all the miserable rain and wind we have had lately.
*both of us really laughing hard*
Last but certainly not least, thank you to the WordPress gods and readers for giving me the chance to feel like a real writer. May every blogger know the thrill of FPSS.
Hmm, I do have some additional stuff to tell you but forces beyond imaginings have told me to KEEP MY MOUTH SHUT. For now. Neveretheless, I can be bribed. If you do come along to any of the tour stops (see here), that would be great. If you bring pecan pie, that would be greater!
Total weight gain: +13.5 total. This is +/-0 from last week. I think the baby has moved up just a bit, which, in turn curbs my insatiable appetite a bit. Which, in turns, curbs my weight gain. It’s so weird how I can gain 3 lbs. in one week and 0 the next. According to the weight gain calculator, I’m smack dab in the middle of below average and average gain, so I think I’m doing just fine.
You know fall is here in my neck of the when the orange and black Sweetzle cookie boxes start taking over the end caps in the grocery store.
We would walk until the night came and the stars became our audience.
So class, what have we learned? Basically that Rob Bryanton is the only good thing about Regina. This video brings up many different possible discussion topics, which I plan on using as other blog posts sometime in the 4th quarter of 2015. But in this particular blog will focus on the probability of life, not the probability of life existing, but how our lives are made of probabilities.
2 tablespoons well-shaken buttermilk
It's been so long since I wanted to give a try on macarons making
1 Cor 5:2,5-7,13 (Phi) Are you still proud of yourselves? Shouldn’t you be overwhelmed with sorrow? The man who has done such a thing should certainly be expelled from your fellowship… the man should be left to the mercy of Satan so that while his body will experience the destructive powers of sin his spirit may yet be saved in the day of the Lord. Your pride in yourselves is lamentably out of place. Don’t you know that a little yeast can permeate the whole lump? Clear out every bit of the old yeast that you may be new unleavened bread!… It is your plain duty to expel this man from your fellowship!
To his credit, Davis highlights the role of racism without ever calling the viewer a racist. This is an interesting “self confession” cinema technique because if the shoe fits, they either gonna wear it, or throw it; and that’s good because both reactions reveal truth. This may be a side-effect of the movie not having a narrator. Its just people on the screen saying and doing. Who you “identify with” is who you identify with. Its all internal. There are no civilians in a race war; you worry that if you keep moving that line, pretty soon you are on the other side of it; but really, its the LINE that is the problem. To our credit, it takes a huge mind game to get people to kill other people when they aren’t in immediate danger; except for a racist, its easy for them; that’s why they are the masters of death.
There are some very incredible scenes done by well known Stampscape artists out there. Always take a second and third look because that's how you learn. Also, when you are out for a walk or on a long drive, look around you at the colours in the sky, depth of field for trees and water... everything! The more you look, the more you will learn.
He takes after The Daddy that way. He is our little athlete. :)
In business, storytelling is all the rage. Without a compelling story, we are told, our product, idea, or personal brand, is dead on arrival. In his book, Tell to Win, Peter Guber joins writers like Annette Simmons and Stephen Denning in evangelizing for the power of story in human affairs generally, and business in particular. Guber argues that humans simply aren’t moved to action by “data dumps,” dense PowerPoint slides, or spreadsheets packed with figures. People are moved by emotion. The best way to emotionally connect other people to our agenda begins with “Once upon a time…”
In reality however, I believe that the Army’s difficulty in deciding upon a replacement to SNATCH was in part caused by their concern over the likelihood of FRES budgets being cut to fund a SNATCH replacement vehicle.Though this whole affair, therefore, we have seen the most egregious failure of the Army. But we now also see the continued failure of the media to understand and deal with the issues, missing the point again and again, always going for the cheap shots, without even beginning to understand what was involved.
“We have observed a spike in domain name transfers, which are running above normal rates and which we attribute to Go Daddy’s prior support for SOPA, which was reversed,” newly appointed Go Daddy CEO Warren Adelman said in a statement.
Read more at New Left Review Magazine March – April 2012
Another growth market is the training and exercise of children. This small, transportable device is great for taking into schools and youth groups for the same reasons as above and the fact that Hyperwear’s education has a huge “Play” aspect that children and adults can’t help but to warm to, smile and generally have fun.
So I had actually completely forgot about making a favourites post for the month of January, until I logged onto YouTube and saw everyone's "favourites" videos... been really busy, so it definitely slipped my mind. Plus, I'm currently distracted by the Grammy's -- which btw, has been a pretty amazing show so far -- I hope Bon Jovi performs "Always"!!!
I'm afraid
The game element was there all the way up until the very end. There was no doubt about it. We know "this place" had rules that change and vary according to who the new leader is, moves, timer, countdown, trades, cheats, loopholes, levels, leaders, pieces/pawns, odds, and points. You could also leave the game/experience and come back into it or completely opt out if you're not ready to continue. We've even seen proof of literally starting over in the same position. There were goals of the game/adventure such as slay the monster, blow up the sub or the plane and save the world, and these challenges is what is supposed to liberate you from your own suffering and making you change.
“Being Committed”; literally and figuratively
I get that he has anxiety about going, he has a deep seeded fear that it's going to hurt his little butt by going poop because he is used to constipation and when he finally would go it was so big it would hurt his butt. But his diet has changed, he's older and he's regular.
I’m spiritual in many ways, but I’ve noticed most recently…
I told him I didn't know.
But I miss the blog writers well ... writing. And commenting, And arguing. And thinking.
It Just Is / Vavona Burr / Valedictory Songs / What Did for the Dinosaurs
The latest two are under April's byline and I will post a link as soon as it is available.
Oh Lizzy, you sweet, sweet girl. I think I might blink and you'll suddenly be a teenager; you're growing up too fast! I am so glad to be your mom. I love your spunk. I love your sweetness. I love your go-and-get-it attitude. I love that you curl up and bury your head in my neck before I put you to bed. I love that you are willing to try anything. I love that you feel safe with your brother when I am not near. You are tough. You are loving. You are happy. And I couldn't be more.
Artificial light has some effect but sunlight has much more. Disruption of circadian rhythms affects the sleep-wake cycles of night-shift workers as well as travelers.
I will try to catch your eye, with some cathcher in the rye
Rest long least at last, dry of the water from this frustrating bath
Distinguishing Features: SILVER HAIRS
The world is calm and quiet
So now that we’re about to begin, you’re probably asking, What are we going to do, and how are we going to do it? Well, we’re going to give you everything you need to make a body change—through a series of elegant and effective changes based on hard science—that will stick with you for your life.
Amber Strader, a 27-year-old from Lorain, Cleveland, has two children from different men.
Rating: 1 1/2 out of 5
What can I say? I love a good bargain. It was an $800 coat and it was on sale for $350. Perfect justification, right???
I then made a box (A5) with American Craft white textured cardstock and mounted cream cardstock which I embossed and then added some silver ribbon, a tag and the little butterfly at the bottom to match the card.
“The past is never dead, it is not even past.” ~ William Faulkner
Congratulations! To Beth Hawley for winning the drawing last month! She received a Kuhn Rikon Stainless Steel Knife!
serves 3 to 4 as a one dish meal
democracy
Visitors leave things behind. Wrappings and cloths. I have to leave the apartment to realign. Then I can come back and hide everything away.
the fox himself stands watchful at the edge of a clearing, surveying
After the Rangers scored three runs in the top of the seventh inning, taking all the momentum that the Cardinals had gained a half-inning earlier, it looked like Texas would cruise to its first World Series title. The Cardinals had been a comeback machine all season, but they finally looked like they were running out of steam. The Texas clubhouse was ready for a party, and the great state of Texas was ready to forget that it's football season.
Anti-Star-Axis City.
The training that bodybuilders endure will not cause their joints to become weaker. The muscles surrounding them will become stronger and bigger to help protect the joints. Other supplements that these athletes use, such as fish oil capsules and multi vitamins, will also help lubricate the joints to keep them healthy.
Brought it all to a stop.
A few months ago, I snapped a picture of my Grandma kissing my neice, Mya.
“Let the taunting begin!”
creating different images with the moon ever since. A lot of the images
“What if they object to being caressed in that fashion?” I ask.
Sticking with the iconography, I went with the Creative Commons logo (and for BoingBoing readers, it's bleached, not shaved). I'm not getting paid for it, I'm just a big fan of their work moving beyond the restrictive, anachronistic, and self-defeating standard way of handling copyright. When people ask me about this thing on the back of my head, I'll be handing them a slip of paper that says:
tone tonality
11. Colorado Buffaloes
You may never have had me,
JC: I’m weird, in that I never thought of Caroline as a villain. I know many readers consider her the archetypical “Regency mean girl,” but IMHO, that’s a bad rap. Yeah, she wanted Darcy, but not in the way Elizabeth eventually would. She wanted the status being Mrs. Darcy would bring to her. She was trying to elevate herself from trade to society. She’s nowhere near as bad as Lucy Steele, Isabella Thorpe, or Mary Crawford.
Sigh. Oh well. I guess it could have turned out green or worse, my hair could have fallen out. I think I'll be washing my hair every ten minutes now.
See... rustic. Haha. Anyways, it's delicious. I'll have to work on the crust execution next time. I really like the Pippins. They have this old-fashioned tart taste like the apples that used to grow on our property when I was a kid and they held up well in the pie. I'm looking forward to going back to the orchard for fresh picked apples. They're the best!
10. Creation Rebel
We have noticed over the last few weeks that Joshua seems to be more and more frustrated with his lack of mobility. Sure he can crawl, but he is 19 months old and he wants to stand up and run, play outside, keep up with his sister, and access all of his toys. Our therapist has been urging us to consider a wheelchair, but, frankly, we were just terrified of the costs associated with it. Our insurance will only pay $10,000 for Durable Medical Equipment for the LIFETIME of the policy. Yes, that's right! As long as we have this health insurance plan the max they will ever pay for equipment is $10,000. Ridiculous! Durable Medical Equipment includes wheelchairs, bracing, walkers, crutches, catheters (which we use on a daily basis) and any other potential equipment he may need. We talked to our therapist and found out that the cost of ONE PEDIATRIC WHEELCHAIR is nearly $7,000! Holy cow! And our insurance only covers 80% leaving us stuck with one heck of a bill. So we knew that if we went forward with a wheelchair at this time it would leave us little to no insurance coverage for any other future equipment he may need. We tried applying for a program for institutional deeming in which they look at Joshua's income alone (he makes zero) when considering him for Medi-cal insurance due to his disability but, of course, we were denied!
And I'm bored as fuck.
So what might we begin to generalize from these results? We might assume that angry men do not cause very much dissonance, thus we do not need to complete extra mental work to make them fit in our current mental constructs. As for an angry female, though, it might not fit in our current understanding. Thus we assume that the angry female must have many personal faults. Once again, we would rather someone else be at fault, than to be at fault in our own judgements! This is a dangerous way of thinking. Well let’s see what Brescoll and Uhlmann (2008) did next.
E.P. Sanders, ‘The Covenant as a Soteriological Category and the Nature of Salvation in Palestinian and Hellenistic Judaism,’ in Jews, Greeks and Christians: Studies in honour of W.D. Davies, R. Hamerton-Kelly and R.Scroggs, ed. (Leiden:Brill 1976), 11-44.
2010.07.22 Yemen Ataq 6 1 Six local soldiers are taken down in an al-Qaeda ambush.
Then all the talk started & I decided that this was a bandwagon I wouldn't mind being on.
Anderson had 10 sacks last year in his only season in New England. He played right defensive end for the Pats, sharing time with fellow DE Andre Carter who also recorded 10 sacks. Anderson added a sack and a half and 5 tackles in the Super Bowl against the Giants. The 28 year old spent the first 4 1/2 years of his career with the Chicago Bears after they drafted him in the 5th round of the 2006 draft. Anderson was released by Chicago during the 2010 season and was signed by the Houston Texans where he played opposite new Bills DE Mario Williams. Anderson has 35 career sacks along with 163 tackles in his 6 year career.
The initiative seeks optimal community health. Not just the healthcare that is delivered to us as citizens, but healthy citizens…with healthy behaviors, and the infrastructure and environment around us to encourage a healthier environment to live work and play.
Where are they performed
I began to think yesterday of all my blessings. And I found the direction I have been seeking.
The two sales above indicate that the sellers have taken discounts to the market value by reference to market yields. Of course there may well have been special circumstances which might have naturally led to reductions to the standard market price, issues with leases or tenants, planning issues etc. That said, the UK is a transparent market, certainly in comparison with Ireland and although NAMA is a big fish in Dublin, in London it is a significant player but in a sea with a large number of significant players. So information on NAMA sales will eventually seep out and it will be interesting to see if NAMA sales are consistently below what might be regarded as market value, particularly for prime assets.
Renewing my mind is a lifelong process. Keeping my will and my spirit aligned so that my intellect, desires, emotions, and flesh stay under the Word of God means constantly pulling down strongholds and crucifying the flesh. Using the technique of “W.R.A.P.” thinking is crucial in this process. (Disregard the “W” in W.R.A.P.) I have to Recognize which of my thoughts are ungodly, and then Analyze how they line up (or do not line up) with the Word of God. Next, I have to Penalize ungodly thoughts using the Word of God, and change that line of thinking. Romans 12:2 tells us: “And be not conformed to this world: but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good, and acceptable and perfect will of God.”
Dick B. and Rev. Ken B. (non-alcoholic), International Christian Recovery Coalition Headquarters, Kihei, Maui, Hawaii
Skin: Audjyan -Inaya (tan)
14C Founders Devil Dancer Triple IPA 12%
Daily bottled American craft beers will stay about the same in number or be reduced slightly, but will be changed a bit in composition, with fewer of the same style, and more diverse flavor profiles. The BJCP list will continue to serve as a template for the bottled list remake.
And he called me on it.
This is the day that the LORD has made;
Just to recap, when we get home from the grocery store, we spend a couple extra minutes making individual sized snack portions by dividing out bulk purchases into smaller grab and go baggies. Why? It's great for the entire family to quickly grab a healthy snack on the go. It is easy for the kids to pick a quick, healthy and portioned snack out when they get home from school, or to toss one in their backpack for an after school activity. I love that the items are portioned out and that no one is eating fist-fulls out of a big bag of chips or eating a couple crackers and forgetting to seal up the package.
Electrical Unit
Their descriptive faces and bodies leaning forward, their thoughts had to have been of home yet willing to serve their country. Their are 32 granite slabs as you keep walking up to the first soldier. This was my favorite memorial!
Around me,absent television and Internet, silence and darkness, my thoughts; a candle and a dream.
My grandfather died in October. He was the last of my grandparents to go, and I feel his loss immensely. The May Queen has been struggling with this, too. Just before Christmas she saw an ad for a local hospital, and said to her daddy that if Great Grandpa had gone there maybe he wouldn't have died. He used it to talk to her more about cancer, death, and Grandpa's choice not to treat his terminal illness.
toward the center of the galaxy and start waking up. At one-hundred-eighty degrees opposite the last shift, the next one is imminent.
One of the things I first think about when critics mention language in a manuscript is profanity. Different people have different perspectives on what is appropriate for the different age groups. I write all YA and yes, my manuscript is going to have some profanity in it. Teenagers curse. LOL I, admittedly, had a pretty foul potty mouth when I was in my teenage rebellion years.
Pen and Ink, Derwent Inktense Pencils, Watercolour
it started with me – and if it'd ended with me, i would have just thought i had a common cold. no huge deal. but then it hit bonzo, seeming entirely like a cold as well. but with a couple days of a fever sprinkled in and wrapping up with a cough. then it hit the chooch. it was exactly what me and the bonz had but a whole lot worse. the flu.
I must, or I shall be a prisoner forever.
So, Et Cetera it is. Not that cool but it really reflects on how I see my blog.
"Lose weight or you'll die", might be considered to be one? Right? No.
“For this reason, the kingdom of heaven is like a king who wanted to settle accounts with his slaves. As he began settling his accounts, a man who owed ten thousand talents was brought to him. Because he was not able to repay, the lord ordered him to be sold, along with his wife, children and whatever he possessed, and repayment to be made. Then the slave threw himself to the ground before him, saying, ‘Be patient with me, and I will repay you everything.’ The lord had compassion on that slave and released him, and forgave him the debt.
And may the new year bring renewed promise...
I also thought a lot about teenage boys, their bodies and their emotions, their lives and influences. It was important to me that Ty was a child of his time - he wasn’t going to like 80s music or classic films because it happened to suit me.
1 overrun
In response to his father’s astonishingly affectionate greeting, the younger son begins his prepared remarks, but, significantly, stops before getting to the restitution part. He only acknowledges the sad truth about himself, and leaves it at that. He finally relinquishes any pretense that he is able of his own strength to make things right. How could anyone who has callously wounded such a generous father speak of repayment? He makes his confession, and leaves judgment to his father.
Any film that tries to continue a story originated by Alfred Hitchcock is asking for it. They knew that even with the Psychos discussed earlier. But The Birds? What the hell? And with more blood and gore? And actors less expressive than Rod Taylor? And stupidest of all there's a music score; isn't that, you know, counterproductive to everything Hitch built up carefully for us in 1963? And you thought Psycho IV was bad....
Guests will be treated to a gourmet dinner, free-flowing wine and beer and the blues stylings of Pjae Stanley plus a silent auction and raffle packed with cruises, hotel stays, gift vouchers, spa treatments and more donated by generous merchants. During the night, surprise performances will entertain the guests and after dinner DJ Jay Leshark will keep the music pumping for a night of dancing under the stars. The dress code for ladies is “colours of the ocean” (creativity is encouraged), and gentlemen, beach casual (no ties required).
I read them... well... most of them. Some (see TOM&TS above) I could not get through. Thank the good Lord for Cliffs Notes and an ability to BS on essay tests.
There are some wonderful prizes this week and you will want to get in on the goodies.
It certainly gave me something to think about. I don't use the dot often on this gun,instead focusing on the irons. I might pull the dot off and save it for another project. Removal of the rings and the trophy dot would put the gun in the high 5 lb, to barely 6 lb range- which is mighty tempting. I doubt I would change the rear sight. Though cheap, I like having the elevation and windage drums (ala A2 style rear sights) instead of just windage, as is more common among flip up rears on many ARs.
I love you – You are loved by all in this realm.
What we read: I must admit that we mostly listened to Adventures in Odyssey this week. Maybe we will read more next week.
The selling of Iceland resonates today, over fifty years following the publication of this book. The collapse of the banking system and the controversial aluminum smelter in eastern Iceland highlight themes that are not new. The conflicts that concern Ugla are universal. Here are words of Ugla's that we could live by today:
From what I have read, these arguments are:
The anti-masonic writings of General Erich Ludendorff
4. Frosty The Snowman by Jimmy Durante
As many of you may remember, I took a week of holidays in February, and stated that I’d be writing a symphony and a book that week. I did work on both, though I did not finish either. I learned in that week, that there is a very big difference between ‘a beginning’ and ‘the beginning’. I have hundreds of the former, and only one of the later. (As it should be?)
The Shadow Side
And a reminder that I will be at Cadogan Hall on 21 July talking about writing and editing from 11.15am -12pm. Do come if you can!
The walk we did is described here in detail by Martin Hesp with a downloadable guide. I can confirm that the views are stunning, even on an overcast day, and that the climb is very steep – both going up and coming down (obviously). As he says, on the return to Triscombe, you do indeed feel like walking should give way to flying (or sliding). It’s not entirely clear in the picture above, quite how steep the gradient was, but we did wonder whether we were actually on a path at all at that point.
we only have the possibility to screen dvd at the London screening but welcome submissions in other formats as well (for the archive, but also, if you are happy for us to do it, to copy to dvd if we are able to, for the programme). If your work is on 16 mm or super 8 we probably can’t copy it immediately but would love to discuss with you screening it in the future, and of course for archive purposes we’d love to have it.
*Challenges: FTL172; ColourQ105
Would I like it now? Probably, not. But, the point to all us in the darkroom watching him–that a photograph was made in that darkroom as much as it was when we clicked the camera shutter.
~Cherry 4.26.12
While there, she meets many patients, some insane others questionable. Her friendship with her doctor’s son is sweet and helps her to manage the long days. Iris knows she does not belong at Sanibel and refuses to cooperate. and provides a constant challenge to her doctor and staff. Considered a modern, state of the art facility, Iris is not convinced. When she suffers an inhumane water therapy treatment given to uncontrollable patients she seethes with anger.While there she meets a Civil War soldier who suffers flashbacks and fits that are only soothed by the color blue. Iris falls in love with Ambrose and begins to think about a different future.
Something happened after I had my son.
like a broken rib. Blame Eden.
and each name a comfortable music in the mouth
Acts 12 – Peter saw Angel, Angel helped out Peter from Prison
All blue has kind of a become my fav lately , although I have a neon green belt just to make it a little more exciting (although it looks more white on the picture..)
The Lead is generally a guy and the follow is generally a girl. Keyword "Generally". The Leads part is to keep track of the beat, and make sure he and the follow stay in time. Plus remember all the footwork, and guide the Follow so she doesn't make a mistake. See a GOOD Lead can make any novice (like myself) look and feel like an excellent dancer, as that means he is doing his job. A Follow just follows the Lead, the Lead has to send clear and correct signals. I have danced with some Leads that are very hard for me to follow, as I haven't a clue as to what they are doing. Nor do they take the time to try and explain it, thus making it a very miserable dance. A good Lead will match/adapt a Follows skill level, if the Follow makes a mistake it is the Leads fault.
Alec Baldwin took his sixth win for Best Male Actor in a Comedy Series at the Screen Actors Guild Awards on Sunday, for his portrayal of Jack Donaghy on “30 Rock.”
Fritz Maytag created “craft beer" when he rescued and renovated Anchor in 1965, thereby making the SF Bay Area the epicenter of the beer renaissance (and, dare I say, the foodie movement, considering Alice Waters wouldn’t open her groundbreaking Chez Panisse across the bay in Berkeley until 1971.) After 45 years, he sold it in 2010 and the new owners plan on doing something ol' Fritz never would have--creating a "Center of Excellence." Daily tours have always been offered, but soon tours will include the Anchor Distilling corner, too, and welcome all comers. Stay tuned.
Tiffany
happy birthday a day early, doc! ;-)
My story “Fly”, published in Elements of the Soul, struck a different kind of emotion in readers. Some say it was very sad, others say it was hopeful. But the judges said I won because I made them feel.
One witness wrote, “I well remember seeing the old fellow, clad in knee breeches and silver buckled shoes, sitting upon the tail of the cart with his legs dangling down and gyrating with every jolt of the cobblestones.”
I am a born and raised resident of Brooklyn as I often state, I grew up blocks away from Franklin and three weeks ago as I walked through the area on a tree lined street, I was jumped by several guys.
Fate has a way of slaying the imagination and the brave,
Price: $4.50
Some of these tricks I picked up while working for Susie Coelho back in my early days of photo styling, as shown above. And many of them I have learned through trial and error. But there's always more to learn. So feel free to share your favorite tree decorating tricks here and hopefully we can all come away with a few extra styling skills.
This year's trip to Idlewild was bittersweet. Last year, we spent the majority of the time in the "kiddie" portion, with Dylan riding the smaller rides by himself. This year we didn't even go in that area. I think he rode just about every "big kid" ride he was allowed on... twice.
I don’t really have much to show you guys in the way of any finished articles unfortunately, but I did promise in my last post some evidence of what I’m working on and I feel a list doesn’t really do what I’m trying to achieve here any real justice. Although I don’t think this may do me any real favours, I think a little taster is in order. If you’ve read this far, I know you’ll read on. So here is a rough draft of the first paragraph of the first of my short stories, tentatively entitled ‘Beholder’;
Gold Clutch, H&M, $24.95
Don't quit, Discouraged Football Player. It is always the darkest just before dawn.
1 armature
This schedule focuses on house cleaning. It does not cover meal planning, bill payment or personal hygiene. It is designed to get your house in tip-top shape each week and keep it looking that way.
What can I say about Ethan at 18 months? He is an adorable, funny, smart, witty, silly, and happy little boy (I can't say baby anymore:( On Thursday (2/23/12) he got ear tubes put in his ears because of chronic ear infections and fluid stuck in his ears which meant his ear drums weren't working correctly. The pictures in this post capture Ethan's attitude and personality as well as the morning. We thought maybe he would be crabby because he couldn't eat until after the surgery, but nope... he was a happy little boy the whole morning
If you look carefully, you will see now the star or poinsettia in the final shape (I'm pointing it with my finger in the picture below). Then place it and glue it on the paper that will be the color of the flower or star.
I'm going to finish up the post here.
Person that I know is more than a man or any man would every be.
Under nighttime illumination shortly after midnight on April 3rd, Phil Garber, Product Advisor for The Rigging Box, Inc., of Lorton, was one of a few of those working through the night dedicated to the safe and successful lift of the first and largest of three bridge sections measuring 170 feet at a weight of 140,000 pounds.
Copic Markers and lots of them :)
Memory Alpha says: Data makes contact with a young girl from a pre-warp civilization on a planet facing imminent annihilation. The Enterprise must wrestle with the moral dilemma of violating the Prime Directive or standing by while Data’s friend dies. (Please click the Memory Alpha link for detailed information.)
Brasserie Fantôme Fantôme Saison D'Erezée - Printemps
Janice Wagner of Wagner Orchards in Lakeshore said it looks like they were lucky and their apple blossoms didn’t get frozen, perhaps because they are further from the lake.
Each of these three has their own, intensely personal response to the death, for whilst it is just the one man who has died he was many different kinds of man to the people that he knew. As his wife, Jessie has to put on an almost professional demeanour when dealing with the business of death and it is only much later when she has a quiet moment alone that she can reflect and react honestly to her loss.
Whilst many decry Second Life and its relevancy for brands stating the small population, limited reach, its inability to scale, the passionate audiences, the sheer difficulty of positioning the message in just the right way to enhance the environment and peoples enjoyment of it. I would argue that this is precisely what makes Second Life in particular and many other web 2.0 applications the perfect place for marketers.
Nationally there has been a 16 per cent increase in police officers but an 80 per cent rise in police staff (49 per cent excluding PCSOs).
Bob’s (our dear Robert Held) birthday is once again upon us…..he turns 63 on March 3rd! (c’mon, he doesn’t look a day over 30! – tee hee) We threw an early, low-key celebration here at our offices for Bob with cupcakes and champagne. Sooooooo Yummmyyyyyyyy.
Delhi is a chameleon metropolis changing colors at the blink of an eye.
It is not always easy to devote time for your spouse, Pastor Young admitted. Just three days into the sex challenge he said he was so tired after getting up before dawn to talk about the importance of having more sex in marriage that he crashed on the bed around 8 p.m. on Tuesday night.
“We’re still getting the blues and Clapton’s still getting the money.”
The main focus it seemed was in getting my pain under control. No matter what they tried, the sharp stabbing pains typical of those associated with PE were ever present and made it nearly impossible to sleep. I finally managed to drift off sometime around midnight until the pain returned at 4:00 AM. Little did I know that I was done sleeping for the night as the nursing staff did all they could to provide me with relief but nothing seemed to help. I was a complete mess!
DOOMSDAY is not a funny movie to watch as there’s precious little humor spread throughout the tale, so I wouldn’t call it a great popcorn flick, but if you’re looking for a good, serious, sci-fi actioner, DOOMSDAY will foot the bill. There is a definite “throw everything against the wall” feel to the film as plenty of scenes in this movie make you think of other films: Mad Max, Escape from New York, Omega Man, A Boy and His Dog, etc. (Heck, even two characters are named “Carpenter” and “Miller” as nods to the directors John Carpenter and George Miller.) It works for me, though, because Marshall makes them all his own. Even though there are nods to other movies, it’s all filtered through Marshall’s lens and DOOMSDAY’s worldview.
I can’t think of two words that are more satisfying to string together. I mean think about it: As writers we spend A LOT of time writing thousands and hundreds of thousands of other words, getting to the place where we can type or write those two little words and (for me at least) sit back for a moment and revel in the accomplishment for a few seconds.
Okay, so now imagine that you’re homeless. Or you don’t have a winter coat because it doesn’t (usually) get cold where you live, or you just don’t have the money. Actually, I can’t imagine, but I do know we are called to do something about it – not by me, but by John the Baptist in the Bible:
Goddess: Strong woman
Saying "cheese" for me this morning. He was the only one this happy, as he did not quite get that we are supposed to actually sleep an extra hour for daylight savings time.
I can tell you’re lookin at me
The facts support my source’s assertion. The New York times, for instance, reported in 2009 how the New Jersey company Floorgraphics accused Newscorp of hacking into their password-protected computer systems to obtain proprietary information for an ‘investigative’ news story. The subsequent journalism was described as “utterly false and malicious” by the company, which lost several lucrative contracts as a result.
are the three rosaries~
SOPA would make the streaming of unauthorized content a felony and websites that violate it could be blocked by Internet Service providers and payment processors as well as de-indexed by search engines.
Summer Volidays is a project run by Sheffield Volunteering, in which charities receive a team of Sheffield University and Student’s Union staff members and a small piece of funding in order to complete a task that would make a big difference to them. They are looking for activities that can be finished in one day, that don’t require any previous experience and that cater for a variety of abilities ( please note that they don’t recruit for fundraising activities). Charities will need to supervise the activity on the day and organise lunch for the volunteers (although funding is available for purchasing lunch). Reasonable expenses up to a maximum of £400 per organisation can be paid.
Some take that to mean I don’t like romance, and for a lot of years I believed that also. But as my partner Denise asserts, there is a difference in “romance” and “romantic”; and I rarely like a novel that doesn’t have some romantic element to it (as in, a well developed love interest). Perhaps you’ll stop by sometimes and write for us to one of our fort-nightly prompts.
Did you receive complaints, praise?
Ali’s dream was to become a police officer. However, due to her illness she was unable to be hired as a police officer. So instead, Ali became a reserve officer for the Creek County Sheriff’s Department ( Oklahoma ) Ali worked as a police officer and she did it without being paid. Ali also worked full time in the Jail and quite often in their Transportation Division.
Remove Distractions
St. Patrick’s Day started out as a religious holiday commemorating the patron saint of Ireland. Today “St. Paddy’s” in America has become a celebration of Irish food, culture, and drink, as well as anything having to do with the color green. Typically observed with loud music, dancing, parades and green beer, St. Patrick’s Day festivities happen everywhere in the country, and they are perfect opportunities for beer enthusiasts everywhere to come together and have their fill.
They all want curls
FB: AAAAAAGH! Dana! It's that TIGHT theeng.
But they have also written and recorded a brand new Christmas carol which I now invite you to listen to. Be forewarned -- get your dancing shoes out:
~ Thanks for stopping by!
But a nap would be good.
The boy, who lives with his father who has sole custody, was aware Atkinson was his biological mother.
Has a Jesus-Demonstration-Sunday ever been tried before? Yes. A church in Nashville has a Jesus-Demonstration-Sunday, not just once a year, but every Sunday morning. This is called organic church and/or simple church. Here is their facebook page: http://www.facebook.com/#!/group.php?gid=63112196944
Split your dough into 3 sections (I was able to do this by doubling the recipe). Then color your 2 doughs with the colors you want and leave the 3rd the natural color of the dough.
Usually it takes until the last row for someone to get mah jongg. Here's my first winning hand of the night with just a few tiles left to go! If you click on the picture and squint, you can see that I was matching the pattern in the second section of the middle of the card. I had never tried to match this particular pattern before, but it worked! Gotta say, I play a mean game of mahj.
Bolton ended well beaten, equalising Luka Modric’s first-half goal through Nigel Reo-Coker before being undone by three Spurs goals in 10 minutes from the hour mark, Emmanuel Adebayor scoring twice after Rafael van der Vaart had found the net. Bolton remain third from bottom, Tottenham in fourth place.
It also seems that for those on business programming most reported economic data can also be spun in a positive way and that if there are two conflicting reports, the one showing an improving economy will be highlighted and promoted.
This is how it always works for me, putting these bits and pieces into my brain and letting it mix and stir. For me, it never works to go look at other people's stuff: that just makes me depressed. Because the things I love are things that aren't popular, I'm not going to see inspiration in shops or galleries. There I just see things that depress me in their predictability. Even artwear, even cool clothes--it just doesn't usually do much for me. I need the bits and pieces of stuff grabbed from here and over there and way up on that shelf, all disparate, all quirky. Dump all those in the pot, and let my brain play around with them.
3. Zimmer $4.2 billion
I have been sleeping my life away. Nothing abnormal about that. It’s the one guarantee I got these days…
2. Then I wondered why such a page would be necessary anyway: I rarely see anyone misspell "properly."
The base had been nearly cleaned out in the time since Kenneth regained consciousness. Most of the more sensitive materials had been taken and destroyed–as record-keeping had become a dangerous liability in this day and age–while others had been sealed and buried in one of the giant foxholes dug out decades ago and pre-marked by human eyes but remained inconspicuous to the Neos.
Indication:
After they have all set, it's time to start dipping them. Dip the pop straight down into the melted chocolate and lift up, let a lot of the excess drip off before sliding the cone onto the candy stick. Push gently down and flip it right side up. If too much chocolate drips down the sides of the cone, be sure to let the next one drip more of the excess off.
Have a fabulous Thursday everyone -- I'll be back with more fun tomorrow so be sure to check back in! :-)
I've taken the suggestions here to heart, and tried to incorporate them as best I can.
As a society, planet and species, we’ve pulled The Tower Card (and as I type this, my word count says 911). What in the world do we intend to do with it? Tower; 9/11; 911; Emergency? Emergence, see? The old, limited paradigms have kept humanity locked in a Tower, ungrounded from the Earth’s pure energies and fearful of falling to sudden doom. But what if The Tower was a prison, rather than an achievement? What if the falling is actually more like flying? What if all the old turns upside down and gets bonked on the head, not to destroy it, but rather to rewire it — and us? We live in a far vaster Universe than the typical human experience allows into awareness. No need to fall. Let’s fly, my friends!
~ What can you deny? In the case of Zipcar the company did not need to see the customer or complete paperwork. And, it started renting by the hour. consumers liked the process since they no longer needed to wait in line, fill out papers, listen to pressure to upgrade or add all kinds of insurance. Customers simply apply for membership and they can reserve vehicles online.Try focusing on something that you take for granted at your business and use Luke Williams' steps to see what hatches.
It was still in the plastic.
Where is all this stemming from you might ask? I am not sure, but I feel like the world is throwing bricks at me hoping I will wake up enough to catch one rather than just standing around dodging them so that I won't get hit. So sorry if you happen to be standing behind me and it got you, but hey, I have my own family to look after. I will admit, I have been way too informed these last few days with being sick. One story in particular has not been able to escape my attention.
The day of the exchange I was so busy with work and class that I wrapped my gift about 5 minutes before I had to leave to set up for the fellowship. The exchange happened at our annual Christmas party, which was held in the Taproom this year, a cafe-style wooden-floored room at the top floor of the Memorial building on RISD’s campus. There was food, conversation, some music, picture-taking and tacky Christmas sweaters. For the exchange itself, a friend and I passed out all the gifts which was not so easy because people seemed to lack the foresight to actually write the name of the recipient on the gift. With only one hitch (one person didn’t get a gift. Sad, right?) everyone received their gift and began tearing into them. Some of the highlights included a giant pen, a faux piece of bread complete with squishiness and bread smell, a plant, replica wooden Batarang, and a Master Chief cut out art poster handmade by a RISD freshman.
3) knit 8, knit 2 together, around
The comparison of the red line to the blue line is basically a ratio: Violence: (Prisoner/Violence) What’s wrong with that? This ratio has the convenient property of overstating the relationship between crime and the prison population. If violence declines, it affects both measures in a way that makes increases in imprisonment seem to be more important than they actually are. When violence declines, the blue line goes down, of course. But, since violence is the denominator of the red line, and a shrinking denominator makes a number bigger, the red line goes up by a similar proportion. Since Murray essentially counts violence multiple times, this approach guarantees that his argument that prison reduces crime is supported by the graphic regardless of what actually happens with imprisonment and violence. Beyond this deception, Roman argues that Murray's chart shows a troubling trend: declining economic returns on incarceration:
4. You don’t care what people think about you as much as you did when you were younger.
For instance, she uses corn syrup (not to be confused with high fructose corn syrup) because it is composed primarily of glucose, and glucose helps to prevent ice crystals and give a subtle elasticity to the ice cream. She uses cornstarch to bind up water molecules and, likewise, prevent ice crystals. And she uses a small amount of cream cheese because the proteins it contains help to bind the ingredients and give body. It sounds fiddly, and yes, it uses a lot of bowls, but it yields an ice cream that’s creamy, a little chewy, and dense but not heavy, with true, insistent flavor.
So the next time you are scouring your neighborhood yard sales or farmers markets, you might find similar treasures that can be re-tasked. The best part is that you would be saving money and supporting your local economy at the same time. Meanwhile all the materials you use are being salvaged from the scrap pile, reducing waste too.
Or maybe I’m just overanalyzing the whole thing. Wha’eva, I do what I want.
The claims by Dr Ian Robertson may go some way to explain the outlandish and impulsive behaviour of city fatcats, tycoons and celebrities.
AKA: Ghosts of Ashbury High (US)
I know now.
It is much easier for a predator to pull up a mini-skirt, then a long dress/skirt or pants (it does not mean that a predator will still not strike), but he must factor in what you are wearing, to how long it will take him to get you undressed properly*
I know some of my friends would ask how I could reconcile this attitude towards nature and wildlife when I am in favour of shooting. On a farm like that one, small shoots are held during the season, and Sir Pheasant, who I’ve been writing about with such affection, becomes a target. While I’m desperate to go, I’ve not yet actually been game shooting (one day… one day) but despite my lack of experience and my appreciation of nature, I will still defend it. The shooting industry is actually responsible for an awful lot of conservation of the wildlife and habitats involved in shooting (see BASC for more info). Birds are bred specifically for the sport, and are looked after from birth – after all, a weak bird that can’t fly a good distance, for any length of time or with any speed makes for a very poor target. Anyone who takes issue with game shooting should consider the source of the meat they eat from their local supermarket – I for one would far rather eat a bird that’s lived its life outdoors and been shot mid-air than a battery farmed hen. It is very possible to appreciate the elegance and comedy of the puffed up pheasant strutting his stuff on the farm, the challenge he provides as an airborne target, and the flavour of the pheasant breast wrapped in streaky bacon on your plate at dinner.
Level 5: MP Cost: 32, Duration: 90 seconds, Damage: +10%, Critical Rate: +12%, Minimum Critical Damage: +3%, Attacks up to 1 enemy.
the slightly raised stitching of the cushion my netbook is sitting on
Bottom line is, there has to be REALITY IN FICTION. Only way for a reader to truly believe in the journey.
We have one more break to take, but we have a lot more to discuss. Don’t go too far away. Coming up, the final debate question before Florida votes.
At the station he saw his cook comfortably settled – as far as a flustered cook can be said ever to be comfortably settled – in a third class carriage. On account of his cold he adopted Dawson’s suggestion and travelled first.
Speaking of the knowledgeable and dashing Monroe, Nick predictably goes to him for assistance. Looking over chemical names may not be Monroe’s forte but the unlikely duo of Blutbad and Grimm head to the store to see if there is anything worthy of murder.
Impressed by this tubers bad-boy reputation, Jo and I wondered if it really stood up to its name, or were these wafting accusations simply a lot of hot air? We decided to take this trumpeting tuber head on in a culinary test, and see if we'd be blown away, or vise versa.... sorry.
A very good offering, I highly recommend it.
¡Venimos! ¡Vimos! y ¡Conquistamos!
Now, I think it's important to understand that I’m not an expert in this area. I've never claimed to be one and I don’t play one on TV. It's Bob Sungenis who claims to be the expert. The fact that I can show that he repeatedly makes such elementary historical blunders and errors of interpretation illustrates how incredibly sloppy and tendentious his work is. He insists that he's "in this for the truth" -- and it's possible he really believes that -- but there's just too much evidence to the contrary. I think the most charitable explanation is that Bob is so completely convinced he's right about geocentrism and so committed to proving it to the world that he sees "proof" where there is none and can't see all the contrary evidence -- even when it's right in front of his eyes. It happens, just as it happened with Bob's mentor, the repeatedly wrong, end of the world, date-setting, Harold Camping. Interestingly, note that the blindness not only affected Camping; it also affected his followers, who continue to listen to him regardless of how many times he was proven to be wrong.
- He did not offer to fire some of the thousands of unnecessary federal employees that he hired
Robyn's Fetish Digital Stamps And More is happy to offer the winner of this challenge 5
On March 7, 2012, U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon delivered a historic speech at the United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva, asking countries around the world to decriminalize same-sex relationships and end discrimination against LGBT people. The speech itself attracted some coverage, but what dominated the news that day was the response by the audience: in a major breach of diplomatic protocol, several members of the council, in an obviously prearranged move, staged a coordinated walkout before the speech even began.
So, one morning I struck out to do so. I figured out which path it was closest to, and headed up it. I also figured out which way I'd need to turn at the top of the hill. When I got there I was startled by the flatness of the top of the hill. I could see the path to the tree, but there was an odd plateau. I found out later that there was a decoy airfield round here, designed to draw the german bombers during the second world war. Shoreham was the most bombed village in that war. Not because of strategic importance, or the failure of the decoy airfield, but simply because the germans tended to dump their bombs here on their way back from abortive missions to London.
Mom, bless her heart, still had her dark dark hair when she passed away.
May we join with God in this healing and hopeful endeavor. AMEN.
"Of course they are," says Briar. "It's not like Shreves is a common name."
2037.E-V/14/1980. “Just ratify the Equal Rights Amendment and be done with it.” Hyde Park Herald, Chicago, Illinois, May 14, 1980, p. 4; Forest Leaves, River Forest, Illinois, May 14, 1980, p. 14; and other Illinois newspapers. See Item B-3, above, pp. 478-79 (1983).
This is what we have become
Becky bobbed a shallow curtsy and then backed towards the door, eager to return to her room.
Calling Muslims to the Capitol?
Any blogosphere fans going to the 2012 Calgary Expo? This year’s Comicon features the entire Star Trek: The Next Generation principle cast reuniting for the very first time since the TV series went off the air. Also, many celebrities will be coming: legendary comic artist Stan Lee, the original Batman Adam West, Fringe’s Dr. Bishop & Astrid, Nightmare on Elm Street’s Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund), Amanda Tapping from Stargate: SG-1, Hayden Panettiere from Heroes, Lance Henriksen (from Millennium & Aliens – he was awesome in Aliens), the Battlestar Galactica actors Captain Kara Thrace / Starbuck, Chief Galen Tyrol and Tom Zarek (who was also Cpt. Apollo of the original B.G.).
Bill paying
Alessandra Troian, UFRGS – Brazil, and Marcelo Leandro Eichler, UFSC – Brazil: Extension or communication? The perceptions of southern Brazilian tobacco farmers and rural agents about rural extension and Framework Convention on Tobacco Control
It’s a place where our kids can go to cry.
I could have used shop bought flat breads or stuffed the gyros into those little cardboard pockets that you can buy from everywhere these days but I wanted something a little fresher and tastier so here we are my take on homemade flat bread:
I have loved mu time with Stretch N Bubbles - and I hope you have enjoyed seeing what the digis can be made into
As I saw it I seemed to burst upwards, out of the small, silent place, and suddenly there was noise again, and fear. Men shouted behind me. My breath rasped. I was shaking, exhausted, as if I had run a hundred miles, and my mind was fogged with grief.
So now it's time to say what a gorgeous array of entries we had for Kristy's sketch. And great to see 2 fabulous email entries too. You don't have to have a blog to play at MDUC!
There stood sweet Miranda,
Sitting is definitely not good, either, and I find myself spending a LOT more time laying on the couch than I normally would. On the other hand, all of this ‘not working out’ time has forced me to be majorly productive. Over the weekend I looked into rolling over my pension plan from my old job into an individual account (the verdict is that I can’t do it until I pay off the loan I took from it), looked into finding a credit union, read a lot and updated my goals. I even opened the Japanese book I’ve been meaning to work from since January. Time. I has it.
Each day the clothes to be washed sit in the basket. It travels the basement stairs on the left hip. Sounds of water pour into the machine and the dryer spins. Scents of fabric sheets and liquid detergent creep into my nose. I look down the long concrete room – The Christmas boxes sit neatly against the wall, the memories are still fresh. A sadness creeps in. More boxes line the floor – Old toys and a bicycle lean forward, standing in the shadows. I wait for the little dog from the open door – He is smelling the cold winter morning. A teapot from the past peeks up at me from a half-open cardboard box. There are more surprises in the box – a saucer without its cup, the crystal candle holder, newspaper crumbled – Hides the rest. Sipping coffee, I turn over the books in a box. The musty smell hangs in the air – Promises are made to take the set upstairs – The Spring will bring them out – fashioned and fresh. The stairs act as a chair – The coffee is finished – Warm only. The winter day has begun.
-ACAI
With 3,890 female officers guarding some 12,000 men, outlaw love blossoms. “It’s a soap opera,” Dickinson says.
keep me safe for eternal life.
1 misapprehension
clapping and requesting christmas songs from the carolers.
In thinking about my priorities over the rehearsal period, I realized that working out and practicing singing were at the top of my list; house cleaning wasn't even near the list. I found that not exercising for a few days caused me to become cranky and irritable, well, more so than usual. Even 30 minutes of running gave me a new outlook on life. Singing, of course was important because I'm paying for lessons. In addition, I found that even though I was working, it was important to me to try to provide good, healthy, home cooked meals for my kids. That took up time but also gave me some great food to bring to work. On this production, more so than on any other, I discovered that I didn't want to go out and buy food; I wanted something homemade.
Chicago pizza is synonymous with strong-dish pies that have cheese on the bottom and sauce on the top rated. But Chicago pizza restaurants serve each type of pizza you can imagine – from Neapolitan pies baked in a wood-burning oven to gourmand pizzas with fancy toppings.
“I know this is really forward, and you’ll have to figure out someway to keep it from your daughter but my girlfriend at work has two tickets to the Counting Crows show.”
"Honey," Michael said, "come on, seriously. Just go."
“By state law my children are not old enough to play at the park across the street from my house without me there. Thankfully I don’t yet have to keep them on a leash even when I am with them. I get looks from other moms because I let my girls play on thie big kid side of the playground instead of the baby/toddler side. I encourage them to do ‘dangerous’ stunts, and applaud when they pull it off. I also don’t rush over to coddle them every time they skin their knee. They know how to assess the damages and ask for a Band-Aid if it’s serious.
As a hedge against the uncertainty of the diplomatic outcome planning for contingencies, including non-combatant evacuation must proceed in-stride. The idea of the U.S. physically adopting Israel is not new. Some have suggested a nation within a nation solution, where the Israeli people possess lands, the resident natural resources, and political sovereignty (personal communication from John Uldrich, 2002). Alternatively, a federal-like construct can be conceived whereby semi-autonomous Israeli communities reside aboard granted government lands, with self-governance rights resembling those afforded states. The lands could be a combination of developed areas having preexistent infrastructure such as military bases, and remote areas that would permit larger cohesive populations, but require more work and resources, such as the extensive government tracts in southern Utah. Finally, the massive assimilation of Israelis who already possess dual citizenship or have family in the U.S. will ease the difficulty initially.
This set of post we will look at the story of Elijah and look at his powerful encounter with God Almighty. Who was Elijah? Elijah was God’s unpredictable prophet; he never did what people expected. We can see in 1 Kings 18 that he faced over 400 priests of the false god Baal on top of Mt. Carmel. It was a showdown of power. The false priest prayed for fire from heaven, but nothing came. Then Elijah did the unexpected. He poured water over the wood and sacrifice — three times. Then Elijah knelt before the God of Israel to ask for fire to be poured out from heaven like water from a bucket. Elijah was vindicated when God sent fire from heaven. He immediately turned and pointed to the false prophets and yelled to the crowd, "KILL THEM!" But victory was short lived. When Queen Jezebel heard that Elijah had killed them, she sent a royal decree to Elijah by messenger, "I will kill you by this hour tomorrow!"That’s when Elijah ran away. He could stand against over 400 false prophets of Baal—he was bold—but this woman sent him running. He ran into the desert and told God he wanted to die. He fell asleep under a juniper tree and an angel awakened him and gave him food and water and he went back to sleep. The angel awakened him a second time and told him to eat and drink again because it was going to be difficult. Elijah gets up and goes to Mount Horeb when God asks him a question then has him stand on top of the mountain because He was going to pass by. Heavy winds came and God was not in the wind, an Earthquake came and God was not in it, fire came and God was not in that, and finally a gentle breeze came and that is where God was. God then sends Elijah back with a three fold task to do. God dealt with Elijah’s discouragement by putting him to work. (Click here to read Biblical account of Elijah’s Encounter)
D: "You could go a couple days without knitting, spinning, cross stitch or beading. Your hands don't have to be busy every minute of the day."
Junior Murvin - Mister Craven
Amongst the discussion that IA's images generated was some speculation on the value of Sterling's exploration of Po-Mo with the verdict seeming to be that it was probably a wrong turn...which I wouldn't totally disagree with in the sense that in some cases (No1.Poultry for example) the classical referencing seems to have become an end in itself, but at Brunswick Park the imagery (maybe I can call it narrative imagery?) seems integral to architectural concept as a whole.
Again, thank you for inviting me. You have prepared food, so I will not be rude, I will stay and eat.
An Email Will Be Sent With Your Partner Info.
Second, I would like to thank the bloggers whose mere mention sends scads of people my way. The list is not complete because I do not really understand how the referring statistics work. With that said and in no particular order, I would like to thank:
VegSocUK
Iván Meade – Did you always want to be an interior designer?
Thus, in the Gnostic view, salvation from this diminished material realm of suffering and injustice depended less on one’s mere beliefs or on the following of religious laws that the Demiurge put in place, than on the individual’s inner experience of gnosis – a divine knowledge of the cosmic order and one’s true identity. The Gnostic scriptures alluded to Christ’s secret teachings, which would aid the Gnostic to embrace gnosis, and armed with this knowledge, to escape the illusory realm of the Demiurge at the time of death.
the wreckage of your body and
When she is six years old, Kay Lansing overhears an argument and a man whistling a song. The story is about what happens twenty years later!
· Like human food, avoid excessive salt, sugar, and dyes.
All day I will post ideas that developers and publishers and even manufacturers are or should be considering. The problems and strengths of each idea! So tune in today and follow the feed this could cost you if developers take this to the bank!
Keep an eye out for the May DT Gallery to see all the projects that the DT have created.
But, having been in Auckland for a month now and being unable to find a pool close enough to conveniently and frequently get to, I’ve had to find something else to do. (Not counting my bike commutes up & down steep volcanic cones.)
To make it even more plain, do we expect folks to respect and/or like art when they have little or no previous contact with it? Do we expect it to matter to them as adults if it doesn’t already? Will they be prepared to understand it when it bumps into them in strange and even familiar places? Is the situation of ‘tryers’ something like a blind first date where your ‘date’ ends up being someone’s pet goldfish?
I wanted so badly to scoop that little girl up and take her home with me..... And her name is even close to Alexis.
I am suffering from office post traumatic stress disorder. Regular readers of this blog will remember that last year at this time I had begin working as an Administrative Assistant at a local Phoenix university. Also, you will recollect that this was not a pleasant experience as I had the boss from hell. He was a complete micro-manger, would not even let me send out my own emails without checking it first. Every day working there was like going to battle. I had to steer myself up and each time this awful manager would communicate with me, my defenses were raised. I had to be defensive because he was always looking for excuses to find fault. It made me second guess every comment or note I received from him and in that office.
It is easy to watch the dog sleeping.
Of course, I may have just caused a rippling amongst the depths of Christianity. I am a Christian, an imperfect one, but one nonetheless. I know God does not like divorce. I have read the scriptures. And yes, I know that if I pray about it, he “could” fix it. If God’s plan was for all married people to never divorce, then a boat load of us are in BIG trouble. Or is it that for some of us, he is working out his plan for us THROUGH our divorce.
The list is divided into three sections:
I was hoping that I could count on Rachel Ray to give me some simple and quick meal ideas. One of the ideas that I fell in love with was what she calls the wafflewich. If you know me you know I just love breakfast! It's by far my favorite meal of the day. Using waffles as the bread for a sandwich...genius!
Unfortunately, only exception being if your rich and ‘season hop’, we all have to put up with winter. So lets see the glass as half full shall we! Hopefully of something hot!
10 - Ancient Rites - (Ode to Ancient) Europa
I am not saying all contests are the same and therefore not valuable but am merely talking about the recent frenzy where the prizes have no bearing or relevance to the company, or product, and the contest itself does nothing to build customer engagement with the brand. Most importantly when you throw the kitchen sink by emailing people randomly, it becomes akin to a marketing bribe where in order to receive a LIKE; rather than trying to target a relevant audience and do it on the merits of your brand or product story.
Hosted by Lachlan McBean with guests
and he was heard because of his reverent submission.”
Some background: Pursuant to demonstrating to a friend what exemplary cojones belong to Mr. John Young of Cryptome, I retrieved his archive of the email correspondence between himself and Yahoo. This is included, below, reposted from this link. At the end of the exchange, the 'rude finger' remark links to a Reader's Digest page -- ah! but that link is broken! and the vampire is off.....
To the credit of both actors, Wood and Connery complement each other well in both small scenes and large, where both are covered head to toe in mud and gunk and still able to put through performances. THAT in itself says something. It makes me cringe when I see two great actors in a scene together and neither one of them seem to take notice that they are even in the same room, let alone the same scene. When Wood and Connery look at each other, speak with each other, save each other from certain doom, you know that they realize they have an opportunity to be onscreen together and are going to make the most of each minute. In other words, this is no Ishtar or Wild Wild West. And I am grateful for that.
Richard Meryon, director of the Garden Tomb, told Travelujah that the Arabic-Hebrew event has become “the most spiritually significant service here — can there be a more important signal to the World than that Palestinian and Israelis believers meet and worship together?”
That way (and I'm sure the sender is hanging on every post I make) they will get their response and be happy and move on with their life - if they can be said to have a life, sending out carpola like this.
You just can’t explain to someone who’s never had one just how debilitating a panic attack is. Or how it feels (like you might die). And how long it takes to recover from one (hours). Or how you know that your reaction is completely irrational given the situation, but it doesn’t matter. There is no rationality in panic attack mode.
One of our case studies was child labour in Pakistan, and how eliminating it cost some 20,000 women (home workers) their jobs (monitoring in the home is tough!).
Share your own memories or reasons why you love your spouse; “Just Because” presents that express your affection.
Of course, there are many liberal blogs with substantial blogrolls. Shakespeare's Sister and MyLeft Wing, for example, have very extensive blogrolls. Mike Finn at Crooks & Liars often links to smaller sites. I am sure there are many others. And there are many that have even seen fit to include a reasonable conservative like myself among their ranks. But I think the blogosphere would be better served if everyone's blogrolls were bigger and more inclusive. Bloggers often complain of the elitism of the mainstream press so it seems odd that so many blogrolls should be cordoned off with velvet ropes.
I wish I could say that I did it myself, but I didn’t. It took the help of another friend of mine to convince me. She had often sat next to me on the street, listening and offering her encouragement. She gave me the strength that I needed to finish my most difficult pieces and then talked me in to playing inside over a cup of coffee one morning. I did it partly because I had a crush on her and partly because it would mean so much to the owner of the coffeehouse, but mainly, I did it to prove to myself that I could do it. I had been hiding behind my guitar and putting it off for years, but this was what I wanted to do. Now was the time, I thought.
Review here. I went through phases of love and hate with this. Overall, it's okay. I wish it didn't have alcohol in it, but none the less I can't see myself purchasing it again.
Owner LeAine Dehmer has pampered celebrities including the late Elizabeth Taylor, as well as clients Alicia Silverstone, Tracey Gold, and many more.
Sharon also has the 4th instalment of our our mystery quilt, so hurry on over to see her. Sharon has also promised us a tutorial for a small project we can make.
He had fled Pakistan, renounced Islam, and settled in Canada. Then the authorities decided he didn’t fit the refugee “profile” and were going to deport him. As a declared apostate, he faced death if he were to be returned to his native country.
Danto, with an earnestness that will almost make you blush, lovingly finds Warhol in the second, non-cynical camp. Danto loves thinking about (it is almost cheesy to say it) Warhol’s love of the democratic openness of soup and how it was the same for everybody and sustained everyone. To keep it Catholic, which Warhol was, he was “thankful for his daily bread.” Danto describes Warhol love for collaboration, the energy that he got from those in his circle “the crazies,” and his close attunement to the surface makeup of things as that which animated his discoveries. My favorite moment is Warhol’s quest for the unified aura of stockroom, that making Brillo boxes was not enough, that he wanted the whole feeling of the store, its embedded and glowing totality.
02/20/2007 43.63
I'm just sayin'...
Living to sit on fire escapes,
Tools: Fiskars Scallop Punch, TE's Take Note Die, and PTI's A2 Envelop Liner Die
Jaipur is an exciting, vibrant city to explore - very much the typical Indian city I had envisioned when we were planning our trip. Not quite as huge and overwhelming as Delhi, the population is only 3 million people, <U+FEFF>Jaipur was by far my favourite stop in India.
I slowed to do a double take. How could she still be here? It had been hours since I’d passed her, and it was almost 11:00 at night. The baby was wailing on her hip, poor tired thing. She was screaming into her cell phone, pacing, crying, while onlookers withdrew and whispered. In her cart was a new car seat wrapped in plastic. It was one thing to see an irate woman; another to see one so obviously desperate and struggling with a baby. Her distended stretch-marked belly hung over her jeans and drew my heart like a shield; the wounds of her birth were fresh and no one was protecting her, no one caring for her. I found myself staring at these bystanders, at their complete apathy and judgment, their pale unmoved faces like sacks of flesh in the sallow light, and suddenly it was just a microcosm of the entire earth, of humans who pick their teeth in amusement while a woman slides down the edge of a knife.
So why the oysters? Well, the two of us recently have become passengers on the “I love oysters” train, and I thought it would be a grand idea (just as “Let’s go see ‘Our American Cousin‘” was thought to be a grand idea once). The oysters were just OK, though (but no open wounds). I decimated many of the shells, but seemed to get the hang of it by the end. The lamb stew turned out to be pretty good, I thought, but the focus was certainly on the wines so no one gave a crap. Here are the wines (in order of consumption):
“He’s a punk!”
one of the limited slots in a
9. Gotten in a car with people you just met? - Do cabbies count?
But what comes next? Because that’s where I am.
There is no real comparison between Saul, David – and Jesus Christ. We should also beware of comparing ourselves to Jesus – He is perfect, and so we may lose heart instead of resonating with God’s heart! Saul was in many ways the antithesis of Jesus, more a shadow of Saul of Tarsis before his conversion, a man who had to prove God even when God needed no proof. Yet, when David lamented the death of his enemy Saul, he was the man after God’s heart, making Saul’s sin seem little and God’s grace overwhelming.
When I arrived to pick up my daughter, the photo was still being talked about by the girls and a couple of parents so I asked to see it. I must say it was one of those times as a parent where you kind of freeze with indecision. It was not cut and dry. The photo looked "kind of innocent," but only because the faces looked young -- too young to do anything in that bed...right? Clearly, the girls felt something was questionable in their friend's photo. It was just shy of very inappropriate in my opinion because I was assuming all hands were above deck -- or the blanket in this case.
2. Wishing Well (4:47)
When speaking to Michael, we realised that it made sense to combine forces and ensure that there are really great weekly meet-ups for the tech community, and then much larger quarterly events for the wider creative community, in place to help connect people. After all, community is so important in the start-up industry, and more regular meet ups can help to help drive growth and innovation.
The public, on the other hand, can be easy to impress – at least in the short term. The media eagerly gives celebrity status to anyone who happens to catch the public’s attention, for good or for ill, but today’s media darling is frequently tomorrow’s goat. Like it or not, the media and the public have recently put the spotlinght on us, and want to make Naval Special Warriors into today’s celebrities – war heroes to look up to – and they want to make every guy who has gone through our training a steely-eyed war-hero, epitomizing all that is good in the American male.
The scenery that has not been seen has extended to the vicinity when you unconscious wake up at a while.
Speak again soon, or, you know, in a month.
ONE OTHER item that we might mention under "Nuclear Energy in Japan" has not to do with nuclear plants built in Japan, but rather nuclear plant components exported. Meredith Angwin recently made a highly popular guest post here at APR which followed another popular post on the steam generator situation at San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station in California. Meredith predicted, in that post, that derating the plants would be the most likely course of action but that the plants would both start up again. News over the last 48 hours has indicated just exactly that set of events will occur - SoCal Ed will apply to the NRC to restart the plants and operate them at a reduced power level for a testing period, after which they will be shut down and reinspected. Of course, at the center of this problem (and the relation to Japan) is the fact that the steam generators were built in Japan by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, are supposed to be improvements over the previous generators, and of course are warrantied. Not too much of a concrete manner has yet come out about who will pay a total of what, for what, but we can all bet that SoCal Ed would like to recoup much of its operating losses - and costs for the replacement work - from Mitsubishi, who apparently didn't guarantee any warranty coverage for outage (lost power generation revenue) on this job.. so far as this author can discern from reports at this time.
(Paulo Sergio Valle, Osmar Milito, Marcos Valle)
I stay home to watch: Singers, musicians, jesters and The Sopranos
In Portugal, where the government forecasts the unemployment rate will average 13.4 percent this year, up from 12.7 percent in 2011, Soares da Costa SGPS SA, Portugal’s third- biggest publicly traded construction company, said it’s expanding abroad and eliminating jobs at home, where it faces a slump in government infrastructure spending.
Here’s my first stab, which I made yesterday. I took a recipe I found online, which appears to have been developed by an ambitious teenager in Canada who also studies law. (Can I feel more like an overaged slacker in comparison? Not sure.) I’ve changed her recipe quite a bit: I’ve replaced her Earl Grey with Rose Pouchong, a flowery/smoky tea I get from Fortnum and Mason, and I’ve made a tea to add to the batter. I have added almond, which goes well with rose–they are cousins in the flora family tree. And I’ve melted the butter–I often use oil instead of butter in cakes and think the texture comes out less dry. I think you could replace the butter with oil here too.
Aside his solo works, PETIT is active in Strings Of Consciousness, does a duo with Lydia Lunch, and his collab with James Johnston (Gallon Drunk/Bad Seeds/Faust) just appeared on Dirter Promotions.
Since Harry’s in Hoover closed its doors without fan fare, I’ve searched for Birmingham’s tastiest burger. The Birmingham News recently awarded this to local dive “Five Guys Burgers & Fries.” But I never could find that place. Now, I live a block from Marty’s, and a burger on rye at that late night hot spot is pretty terrific. It was the clubhouse leader. Until today.
But even the invention of a finely-crafted $500 million note – made from material worth an extravagant eight US dollars – looks like doing little.
Health officials say the disease tends to return in three-to-five-year cycles.
Or does it?
"I am Keshnu, and the Children of the Wild here are under my command. The concrete door was left undisturbed because we could not tell what was behind it, beyond the fact that Realmspace here is twisted. There was and still is no way of knowing how this Sherim will interact with the stresses on the Abyss. Had you but approached Vessit's Four Knot, as the law requires you to do, all this would have been explained. This is the transgression you must answer for."
5:48AM. Still no alarm.
Or are there shades of gray when dating?
The coldness of winter clawed beneath Alex’s skin as he gulped a deep breath. The ash rested solidly against his palm, comforting. Solemnly, he whispered, “I will always wait for you.”
He was conceived by the power of the Holy Spirit and born of the Virgin Mary.
So I’ll give you gifts more precious
The question of the month, what are you doing, or what did you do, for National Volunteer Appreciation Week? Large events, small events, many words of appreciation or few words of appreciation, it’s hard to know, in my opinion, what is the “correct” thing to do. How do we ensure that every volunteer knows how much we appreciate them?
She’s pretty in a regular girl way, but not so gorgeous she doesn’t seem approachable. She seems like someone you take A.P. English with. I feel like I could run into her at Trader Joe’s and she’d recommend some organic non-fat salad dressing and complement some piece of jewelry I have on.
But where would he find a donor?
Shit!
Let’s be ourselves!
Hope your weekend is everything you wish it to be.
these are the only differences and the new features added in the SAMSUNG GALAXY ACE 2.
Scholes says that’s not what happened at all. “It had nothing to do with equations and nothing to do with models,” he says. “I was not running the firm, let me be very clear about that. There was not an ability to withstand the shock that occurred in the market in the summer and fall of late 1998. So it was just a matter of risk-taking. It wasn’t a matter of modelling.”
Finally, rinse and repeat five thousand times. Proliferate franchised, chartered McSchools with each classroom in each McSchool teaching the same thing on the same day in exactly the same way. So, for the math lesson on the formula of a line, you only need develop it once. But you download it in Power Point on the assigned day so the room monitors, i.e., the “teachers,” know what bullets to read. Now repeat this for every lesson in every course in every school, every day. In biology, chemistry, geometry, history, English, Spanish, indeed, all of a K-12 curriculum. Develop the lesson literally once, but distribute and reuse it thousands of times with low-cost proctors doing the supervision. The cost is infinitesimal making the profit potential astronomical.
–Nadine Gordimer
Because it doesn’t matter whether you’re remembered for good things or bad things. Just as long as you’re remembered. Fame doesn’t give a shit about morality. Fame doesn’t differentiate between top ten hit singles or the number of people you stuff into a mass grave. History enshrines Hitler and Michael Jackson both on an equal footing (though I know who I’d trust to babysit).
An untried horse at 6am was saddle broke by noon
It’s good to see we don’t need to rely solely on Welsh Government Ministers for economic answers, as the Business and Enterprise Committee is looking into possible Assembly legislation for EU Research monies for Welsh Universities.
(Yep, that relaxed feeling, bring it on!!!)
A few things that I noticed and questioned.There were some innuendos made that Heathcliff was dark, that he might of been black. I believe Isabella said something of that he was black. But he is portrayed as white in movies.
Or she has found something she likes and wants to offer you that information, too. (Therefore, here is the Wolff & Descourtis fine wool shawl, which "E.A." asked to see after I named it as one of my five best buys of last year.)
I’d breathe in the sweet scent of pine pitch heavily laden in air.
“O” never really seriously dated anyone all those years. “K” was in a serious relationship. The two of them did not see eye-to-eye and really “K” did not fulfill any obligations as a father, despite his parents attempts.
This is a crossroad to occupy me for an entire day. It is so busy. So many people. So many scooters. So many bicycles. So many cars. All going in so many different directions.
...Work suddenly became very hard to find, and his search for it was not helped by his drinking and depression. Friends say that he lost confidence, as can happen quickly to a man caught up in a confidence game.
It was always great to come home too.
But what’s truly disheartening is the sense that, if it were President Romney, and he had put the Massachusetts model to work nationally, we probably a) wouldn’t have so many – if any – states attorneys-general lined up to fight it and b) there’s very little doubt that the court would uphold it. This is, after all, the health reform plan essentially created by the Heritage Foundation, for crying out loud. They applauded Romney’s efforts in Massachusetts, praising individual elements, like the mandate and exchanges, that they later opposed when they were being proposed by a Democrat and passed by a Democratically controlled congress.
So, for those of you not familiar with Korean drama and want to see what I am talking about.. I have a list of my favorite Korean Dramas that you should check out. Oh… these are found on … either.. www.hulu.com or www.dramafever.com. You must watch at least one.. you won’t be sorry.
join the group to lead them on
a big thanks to you Mel for everything,
1 teaspoon Sriracha
-Once you find a pattern you like, cut out the flannel and terry cloth and sew right sides together. My original plan was to sew the two together and just pink the edges...didn't work. Terry cloth sheds like crazy!
Three or four pints later I went home, grabbed Farty Dog and went for a nice long walk through the beech woods behind Hughenden Manor, once the country seat of Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli. Early bluebells and primroses were everywhere adding some lovely colour and the trees were all budding and popping with new growth. High above, the ubiquitous red kites were circling on warm rising thermals like vultures in a Beau Geste movie. Glorious.
*Always consult the Help feature of your processing software for additional techniques specific to your brand.
8. begging
The cyclone, named Giovanna, has affected Madagascar the most severely, with five deaths so far and at least 600 more victims. Many of Madagascar’s inhabitants live in extreme poverty so suffer the most from extreme weather conditions.
As dry leaves that before the wild hurricane fly,
THE BIG GREEN
Sweet Thames, run softly, till I end my song.
subtle, beyond all conception.
I don't have a cell phone for myself. When I am away from home I borrow either Jordan's or Devin's phone or, if Jeff is home I will take his. Devin and Jordan each purchased their own phones and pay their portion of the cell phone bill. Jeff and Devin are both self-employed and their phones and usage are tax deductible.
Kristy set up the trampoline, lets hope that is the end of the snow :(
We must learn to differentiate between higher spiritual experiences and those of the spirit or astral world, though these can overlap to some degree. Drawing in departed spirits or ghosts, or bringing in animal spirits can have side effects. Studying the occult or subtle worlds can be different than yogic practices aimed at Self-realization. It is important to be able to distinguish between the two and not confuse them. Occult and astral experiences are not always higher yogic experiences and can confuse rather than enlighten us, if we are not careful.
Cape Town - The police force admitted on Tuesday that a lack of discipline and weapon control was "worrying", after it came to light that police had "lost" 20 429 weapons since April 2004.
Video: "Señor Burns" by Tito Puente on The Simpsons
Denise: I don’t get to write every day, but I dedicate my Sunday mornings or more to writing. Oh, I have on occasion managed to write 10,000 words in a day. I tune the world out and focus. I usually do that when I get to the end of a book and want to get to that finish line.
Chi's jaw aches apparently from smiling too much today.
But one brigade early in the forenoon order’d forward to engage the
What can audiences expect from Yellow?
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said Tuesday she will take $50 million in federal stimulus money away from the Secure Border Initiative, also known as SBInet, and spend it on proven, off-the-shelf technology to protect U.S. borders.
I worked in Dublin in the 1990s. When people used to come over from England, I made sure they knew four of the key linguistic features of the language.
The indications are very strong that we shall move in a few days—perhaps tomorrow. Lest I should not be able to write again, I feel impelled to write a few lines that may fall under your eye when I shall be no more . . .
10 My plea is that you show kindness to Onesimus. I think of him as my own son because he became a believer as a result of my ministry here in prison. 11 Onesimus£ hasn’t been of much use to you in the past, but now he is very useful to both of us. 12I am sending him back to you, and with him comes my own heart.
The sweetness of the malt is tempered by a rye tang and more deep earthier notes. It’s extremely quaffable and hides the alcohol very well indeed. Smooth nuttiness hints of cherry and chocolate. Top end it’s that clean bitterness from the centennial, slight citrus and then more citrus from the Citra on the finish. Bit of herbal more rounded spicy notes too. VERY VERY pleased - hope everyone else enjoys it too!
So, I visited this site to personally read and study Balisacan’s previous research and published papers. I wasn’t surprised by what I discovered. Based on his published works, Balisacan is a hardcore statist who believes in government planning of the economy, income distribution, redistribution of wealth, and population control or management.
It makes me realise the delicious pleasure of the moon
Cpedia is a bot-generated online encyclopaedia which makes even less sense than the wiki.
In its wake, the coast is dark; all lights extinguished. A thin, meandering ribbon of road wends its way through a long, shallow lake, slick and shining like a patent leather raincoat. The palm trees have been groomed and the cottonwoods completely shorn.
I find that very sad.
‘What?’ said Rook.
Since director Tony Scott is in such a slump nowadays, I honestly think he should just go back to having Tarantino write his scripts because he gave him two of the best films of his career. Aside from ‘Crimson Tide’, this is the other one.
This will be my first time participating in the WWWP5k and I haven’t decided what course I will do (or how I will record it) yet, but I am excited about it!
1 garlic clove, miced
Barrett Lauer, one of the earliest brewers at what was then the Wharf Rat, confirmed that "Todd" was his immediate predecessor, departing on not-very-friendly terms, allowing Lauer to transition from kitchen to brewkettle--and the rest was history, for him and the brewery.
In Public, Jia Zhang Ke, China. Documentary, 33 min.
And, hey, who doesn’t want to spend $12.99 (plus shipping, handling, packaging, and processing) on music compiled by a trustworthy stranger like me? Hey! It even has colorful album art. We know you like colors.
I wonder why---
We ended the evening by running into my teacher friend Maria. Hi Maria! We actually bumped into her multiple times throughout the night. And getting Skinny Dip, the yogurt, not the activity.
My camera is charged and ready to grab some fab pics of all the new releases........including October Afternoon, Stampers Anon, Ranger, Graphic 45 etc. etc. etc......not to mention the Blog Candy I intend to blag along the way !! So, keep your eyes peeled and get ready to grab some of the CHA Blog Candy goodies which will be appearing over the next few days :)
Nah, this is Macy, mind. And from what she tells me this other guy disnae even know her real name.
Basically what I did was take the green & blue gelato sticks and rubbed them onto white cardstock. I spritzed some water on it, then used my finger to smear it around to mix the colours together. I did this a few more times until I got the effect I liked. Once it dried, I spritzed it with Glimmer Mist (Pixie Dust) to give it a shimmer. I WISH you could see it in real life, it is really pretty!!!!
Just muffled
What: May Beer Social
Today I'm wearing....
For some reason, my mind keeps remembering that day when my math teacher accused me of cheating on the math test. I was 11, we had geometry and I had, uncharacteristically, studied for the test. I aced it. The only A in the class. It was definitely unbelievable, even to me. Looking back over the years of barely scraping by with Cs, I can now see how the teacher had to accuse me of cheating. Except I didn't. And it kinda broke my heart.
When I was in NY a couple of weeks ago an entire flock of anabaptists were testifying in Washington Square Park, the men preaching arrogant, the women meek and silent dressed in their prairie chic. I kept on looking at the little girls. I stayed there forever and stared at the little girls, the squirming little girls, did they feel embarrassed, would they ever reach a higher consciousness, would that be possible. I recently also read the ghostwritten memoir of Carolyn Jessup, who was a child bride for the FDLS, and she wrote about the often admonition that girls not question and "keep sweet."
Cuisine: Cherry Tart, digestive
When Austerlitz travels to the Czech Republic, quite literally going through the phonebook Austerlitz's, and meets Vera, a woman who had served his family, a slew of photographs, testimony and memory comes back and with the pictures in particular we get a real sense of 'the mysterious quality peculiar to such photographs when they surface from oblivion.'
To the sane folks who watched he was a corporate-crony bum
now a little piece of magic. this is the stuff that dreams are made of (found via the one and only .la douleur exquise.)
I've had very little time for painting so far this month, having been away for a week already. As I was away I was contemplating Flashbang, and when I got back I found I wasn't so keen to keep painting Normans. Since I still have a fair amount of furniture to paint, and I want to get some games going at the club, I've returned to the office furniture I started work on way back in 2011.
all jobs go slower as the people feel day closing on
"Jesus," Peggy said, with a palm to her forehead. "You're going to get a phone call any minute from a customer asking, 'Why did you just text me and ask where the nearest whorehouse is?' "
Um, I would want to keep those binders at my finger tips all the time too! SO MUCH FUN!
With many organisations now realising that the knowledge and competences needed to compete in a 21st century workplace includes "soft" skills such as creativity and innovation, critical thinking, communication and collaboration, it would seem that the Museum has found a real role to help develop the workforce of the future at an age where they haven’t even started thinking about their first job. The question for me is whether we could set up something similar in Wales? We already have the groundbreaking Techniquest to help children develop a better awareness of science and engineering but could we also do the same for encouraging creativity? The Museum in San Francisco would love to help and collaborate but I think we could also be more engaged with organisations in Wales to make this happen.
“You come around here and we’ll fix you up with a nice cup of coffee in the back.” Betty continued as she shuffled over to a little door in the counter and let me in behind the register. She motioned for me to follow her through the door she had appeared from, into the back of the restaurant. I, being too tired to argue with her or explain that I only wanted to stop for a few minutes, followed.
Thankfully... Greenfingers has got great tits! Phwoar!
Frenectomy also called Oral Frenectomy is a surgical procedure wherein a thin layer of tissue called frenulum or frenum observed on various parts of the body is removed. So far as the dental area is concerned, frenectomy is either performed inside the middle of upper lip , which is called labial frenectomy, or under the tongue, called lingual frenectomy. Frenectomy as it is a very common dental procedure in dental world and is performed both on children and adults.
1 express
And it looks like it has caught the attention of the resident 4 year old who seems to be interested in the natural world around him these days, choosing to read more non-fiction animal picture books than others.
“She thinks her marital status isn’t anybody else’s business. She’s a bit eccentric. Is there a problem, doctor?”
Eight years ago today, Traci moved into my house and into my life. She had been seeking an apartment, and ended up finding a man. We met first at a dance in February, where she made a friend of my then-eight year old son and paid very little attention to me. Later, when she was contemplating moving into the ground floor apartment in my house, we arranged to meet at a coffee shop downtown. That came to be known, in our collective memory, as our first date, though at the time we just thought of it as an interview. She wanted to make sure that I would be all right to share a house with. She based her decision, she later said, on my clean fingernails and her ability to take me in a fight – a conclusion that, thankfully, she never had to put to the test.
A very handsome little frog - a creamy fawn colour with black markings.
“You are wrong to say that the NICE Guideline is only a suggestion of treatment as we all know our GPs refuse to countenance anything which isn't advised by NICE for fear of reprisal.” Rosie Cox, Cardiff; sick for 41 years
Jute in Natural
I’m trying to see you
I also love Dolly Parton. There's nothing more satisfying than belting out "IN MY TENNESSEE MOUNTAIN HOME, LIFE IS AS PEACEFUL AS A BABY'S SIGH" at 7.30am when your kids are having a screaming row about their toast.
still share the love of the cute lil shops we've
Jon Thor Olafsson: guitar & vocals
Miles, oh I don't know, 10 through 13: Fuckity fuckity fuck, my hips hurt. Suck it up, keep moving, DO NOT STOP BECAUSE YOU WILL NEVER START AGAIN.
But I digress. For me one of the most difficult questions arising from the post-humanism that arises from flat ontology is the question of how it requires us to rethink the nature of the ethical and political. When we reject the centrality of the human within being, treating the human and social as two system-references among others rather than the ground of all others, what consequences follow for how we think the ethical and political? There are a couple of options we can follow here. One would be to recognize that ethical claims are inherently object or system-specific. Here we get the sort of humanism that Scu worries about as following from flat ontology. The idea here would be something like the thesis that we have recognized the contingency of the human way of relating to the world (i.e., that other objects are organized in very different ways and therefore relate to the world in very different ways), but we are, at the end of the day, human and must therefore treat all other entities according to our own organization.
When I tell people I am about to leave the country to study abroad, people are always extremely excited, and immediately ask where I will be going. A simple reply of “Italy” is always followed by some form of “amazing! Which part?” In response to the blank stares that I often receive when answering “Siena,” I am including below a few facts and photos about the city in which I will be spending the next 4 months.
Bam: The Burnt Brasse Project is exactly what the words say almost like saying Dirty Metal or Dirty Hip-Hop. We are taking the Hip Hop element like as if it was an element on the periodic table and superheating it with other elements like Dub, D&B, Rock, Dub-step, Electronica but still with a social disposition. We have travelled and seen and heard and are still
23.) I Have Released My State Records - NOT EXACTLY, state bills you
Oh no, please no, don’t let the curtain fall
I probably won't post again until after Christmas ( you know, with all the crafting, reading, and playing with B...oh yeah, and all the other holiday stuff ), but I wish you nothing but love, hope, and peace in the new year. No matter where you are.
Red concludes the Three Colors trilogy with a moving examination of the notions of fate and chance as a beautiful runway model named Valentine (Irene Jacob) crosses paths with Joseph (Jean-Louis Trintignant), a bitter retired judge, when she accidentally hits his dog with her car. She lives in Geneva and maintains a long distance relationship with her irrationally jealous boyfriend over the phone. There is also subplot concerning a young man studying to be a judge and who is also having relationship problems.
Seems that things become off-putting to a person when some people load too much information of a topic where the listener has no interest in.
Thank you so much for all those that entered and made this giveaway so much fun!
I am one of those people that feel that please and thank yous are good things to say. To me it shows respect and appreciation of others. However, I don't want my girl to say thank you as a mechanical response because I enforce it.
Here's a clip from one of my favorite movies, Carmen, by Carlos Saura.
and softly,
Here the Wallpaper
This tutorial will demonstrate some simple techniques for making text jump off the screen.
I'm totally famous now. If you know me and I ignore you in the street... this is why
There’s a lot of new characters in this season, which is hardly surprising. Obviously some fall into stereotypes, but for the most part I think they’re originally enough to get more than a passing score. To add to that, the main character is original and very funny, probably even more so than the first season. His “assistant” isn’t going to gather any points, but I feel she works well as his sidekick. In retrospect I kind of view them as a Manzai team – where she is “the straight man” and he’s “the funny man”. They don’t really fit into those role that well at all, but just very vaguely. I mean, he does and says some crazy things every now and then, which she, “the straight man”, counters with normality.
The first items we grab once we get inside are Baguette, Raisin Bread (loaf) and Flour Tortilla. We would get the Egg Rolls but that’s never available at closing, not even ’till the afternoon. Those are really good! The rest of the products, we just grab what catches our interest. One bread for the trip home!
The man who seems to be actively working to make everyone's life apart from his own and his friends' that little bit harder?
This is the closest structure, geographically, to King Solomon’s Temple ever unearthed.
I actually felt sorry for Andrea tonight, how they just left her there after saving another member of their group. Luckily a high profile character from the comics showed up in time to save her from a grisly fate.
Perhaps you’ve heard the old saying about diet: “Mornings are gold, lunch is bronze, and dinner is lead.” Well, the same applies to personal energy levels. A few months ago, a lay leader handed me a newspaper article outlining the body’s daily rhythms. It underscored how, for most people, mornings provide peak energy and concentration. Quick recall and analytical reasoning are strongest in the a.m.
4.) You are too busy being a consumer to make time to read
I love to paint. I'm terrible at it really but I just love it. I'm a lot like Amelia actually in that I couldn't draw to save my life but I paint all the time. I also love video games, which is very nerdy of me :) My marriage is anti-stereotypical since my husband doesn't play video games at all and I'm a huge gamer. I also love to play music. Back when I had a piano I'd play all the time (apartments don't fit pianos very well) but now I mostly play guitar and flute because they're small and portable, though if you brought me a drum set I wouldn't be mad about it!
Return of the native
Prison warden: Goo do you have any final words before we hang you by your lying scrawny little neck?
Walk 4.4mph or slower 1 minute, Run 6.6mph 1 minute
Upon watching me attempt to play Angry Birds, Jeremy decided (accurately): "You're not very good at it."
2 Panic
There was a short pause. Then Emily crooked her arm, inviting Sylvia to link up with her.
PUBLISHING NEWS:
Westmore Beauty Book -- A Complete 1950s Guide to Vintage Makeup, Hairstyling and Beauty Techniques is a really interesting and insightful read. However, I found I needed to keep reminding myself that it is a reprint of a 1950s book. I took the "Beauty Questionnaire" at the very beginning of the book. There are 100 questions to test your knowledge and skills about makeup, health, and beauty. You add up your "Yes" answers to find your beauty score. I'm not ashamed to admit that I failed, miserably. Mainly because I almost never wear makeup so I had to answer "No" to a lot of the questions. Oh well :)
Our Confidential Promise to our Clients
Was the President serious on this? Was the President just tried to make us laugh? It was not funny. It was very senseless!
Having no idea which headset to buy, I took a chance on this one. Now I’m buying a secong one because my wife liked listening to me talk from it so much she had to have one herself. It’s a great device. It’s very nice to use while driving… I can’t believe everyone doesn’t have one of these. It’s volume is excellent and you cannot tell the difference after someone plugs it in while you …
Here is my page (I left the photo space blank for her to insert a souvenir photo of the evening).
3. An agitated blue jay is giving his imitation Red Tail Hawk call, but I don’t see the hawk. This jay is bobbing his head up and down, though. Must have a nest nearby?
There’s a little flap that opens and closes in our stomach that keeps food in. This flap is still immature in young babies and sometimes milk will come back up in the form of spitting.
I’m crushed, just fucking crushed. And apparently it’s my fault for looking at his phone. Nevermind the fact that when we first setup his phone we had to put my email account on it and for a couple of weeks he was reading all of my email – including the comments coming from here. Yeah, let’s just conveniently forget about that, shall we?
- Continue to promote family friendly housing in areas designated for higher density housing,
Light
Pull the pot off the heat and whisk in all the baking soda, so it froths up. Then put the pot right in the fridge to cool down a little.
There were multiple funny conversations. Among them was this:
Upon grabbing a stool at the bar, I was greeted by a young lady, and ordered a glass of Cabernet, and was offered a menu. I came here knowing I was going to have a burger tonight, and that was still what I was craving. I know, to be in Trenton and not go to Rossi's or Social for a burger is a sin, but you all know how I love to try new places.
In total, he had 12 pieces of mostly women’s rings and earrings in his bag.
Tomorrow we leave for almost a month in New York. I'm getting anxious -- not about leaving but about the last minute packing up and the event filled schedule that will keep me hopping. Stay tuned and I'll let you know about:
3. I love horror movies…. totally love them.
What could be better for duck or drake?
Yes, I know this is pushing the meaning of the term “indie.” But "I Am a Singer" has been sparse with rappers, with Bobby Kim being the sole representative of the hip hop community. Putting up a legit rapper and a talented singer like Yoon Mirae would serve the show well.
That was the feeling I had when we were planning our Hong Kong trip. Okay, so I exaggerated a bit, but it’s true. It may sound horrible but I meant it in a positive way. The pressure, the uneasiness, the weight of the anticipation, it’s all caused by the excitement. And I know this goes to Jelly as well. It may seem like we’re overreacting since we’ve already been there before, but those were on separate occasions. This trip is our first out of country trip together. Jelly and me.
I am all alone in my house, that is a miracle that doesn't happen that often. Since Hannah is in preschool I guess it happens about twice a week, sometimes less, but never more. Eric is home taking his last few days of vacation before the-powers-that-be start a new vacation accruing year and the time starts over. You'd think that would happen on January 1st, but it doesn't in large companies. I have no idea why.
Patton and Pegg have supporting roles, she as sex appeal and he as comedy relief and both perform ably. Patton in particular really isn’t given a lot to work with and that may leave some cold when it comes to her character, but she is sexy when she needs to be and an action heroine when she needs to be.
And they are often coated with layers of great courage and inspiration,
In times like these
IPA. not bad at all
Service: The owner was VERY friendly and eager to help you; it was a bit intimidating for an introvert like me. She clearly knows a lot about textiles. This would be a great place to have a big shopping spree.
Jashi nodded her readiness. Pevan counted, "Three... two... one..."
you are chosen as one of the winners of our challenges or as one of our random winners, you will receive ONE EXTRA STAMP set of your choice if you have our buttons loaded to your blogs side bar!! Just for having the blog buttons displayed clearly on your blog!!
The most influential Muslim in Leicester is Shaykh Abu Yusuf Riyadh-ul-Haq , a hard-line Muslim cleric who runs the Al Kawthar Academy , an Islamic school in the city. Ul-Haq, 40, is also the leader of a new generation of "home-grown" British Islamists who loathe Western values, support armed jihad and preach contempt for Christians, Jews and Hindus.
Or comet that may range on high;
Unfortunately it's also very humid and we really need a storm to clear the air.
watching hap pens
Though the style was an adaptation of one popular in early Medieval Europe, in the hands of Richardson and his followers (including Frank Lloyd Wright’s mentor, Louis Sullivan) it became truly Americanized, allowing for a play with interior space and form unlike that seen in American architecture up to that point. In a sense then, Romanesque Revival as a style was the great-grand-daddy of American modernism.
“I did turn the file over to the police department,” she said.
In 16 weeks I have learned to smile more, laugh more, and love myself more. And that is priceless.
And here's why: I couldn't put it down.
She calls, says she has to give me a whole bag of IV fluid first so baby and mine heart rate doesn't go down. That takes 30 minuets. Than takes over another 30 minuets for the anesthesiologist to get there. Once she is in there the contractions are so so intense. My whole body is shaking, I'm literally convulsing and can't help it. I ask Davey for a barf bag. I didn't throw up but really felt like I was going to. Contractions are about every 30-45 seconds apart. I feel a lot more pressure with each one, not quit yet like I was ready to push, but just feel more pressure, like the baby is moving down.
Leben is Evil.
“When one has seen one house he has seen them all, the same everlasting high stoops and gloomy brown-stone fronts, the same number of holes punched in exactly the same places,” Osman quotes a late 19th century writer as lamenting. “The new brownstone and trolley grid inspired 19th century eulogies for a real and imagined agricultural landscape,” Osman writes.
4)That auditing and accounting functions are carried out by a scrutiny committee of 2 independent party members as well as independent professionals who have had to tender for the contract in order to secure the most competitive rate for Party
She spent ages making a triangular tower out of little paper cups tonight, each containing a little craft pom-pom. All very meticulously done, with a great deal of focus.
Well I wanted to do a bit of geocaching, if not that then just a bit of a recognition where they were so I could bring the daughter back and we could do some swaps, however the weather had other ideas. Lazily I caught the bus up to near the school and went to Morrison’s, I picked up a Disney folder for her Disney 20th anniversary collection cards and then returned to school in time for her star assembly – this is where the teachers congratulate the children on many achievements, be it sitting nicely at lunch time, eating all their lunch if they have been fussy in the past, collecting litter, nice handwriting, the list goes on - I am always proud of our daughter, she has come on brilliantly with her handwriting and all other subjects in lots of positive ways since being in Green class.
The following week it's off to the Port of Miami, where I'll be walking down the aisle of a cruise ship in a pretty blue bridesmaids dress, helping celebrate a dear friend's wedding! We'll be cruising to Mexico for some fun in the sun aboard the Celebrity Millenium.
There two large concrete eggs, maybe seven feet high, at the side of the allegedly non-existent cellar door hut. What the…
What benefits and/or disadvantages have arisen from this distribution method?
Today's Brooklyn Record has news about Fresh Direct's expanding delivery zone. I thought it was available in all of 11225, but I'm not sure how to check. Anyone out there know the answer?
Did Barry make a good move? What do you think about this new option for authors?
She did as he asked. His tongue traced a line of liquid fire over her abdomen then down to her wetness, flicking her clit, teasing. Her palms became damp and numb from pressing them against her hips to keep from moving. Incomprehensible sounds escaped her throat. His tongue alternated between lapping inside her pussy and flicking her clit until she was ready to explode. She’d reached the point where she couldn’t take anymore when he took her entire clitoris into his mouth and sucked hard, slipping two fingers inside her at the same time.
When I get home I Google Pondosa. Turns out the only folks claiming the town is the center of the 50 US states are the couple who own the store. All other data points towards Butte County, South Dakota although apparently the exact geographical center depends on several variables (I'm not sure which). But I don't feel duped by Pondosa and I know that lovely couple truly believe it is the geographic center of the United States. Whether it is or not, Pondosa is still the middle of somewhere and I'd sip a hot cocoa with its warm-hearted two-person population any time.
His monstrous streak forever unleashed.
I know from my own experience that my horse (who currently schools Fourth Level and some of the Prix St. George) cannot school in the arena more than three days per week. (And he’ll tell you if you ask!) So to keep him fresh, interested, and fit, we spend the three days hacking out, doing trot and canter sets in the lanes, or long-lining, another three days doing a more traditional schooling routine, and then he gets one day off per week. And I generally find that I get my best, show-quality work from him on the day after he’s either rested or hacked – particularly if we struggled with a problem or issue in our last training session prior to the rest day. It’s like the time away has shown him what he needs to do to get it right (and me too!), so with a little bit of cogitation and fresh muscles, it’s all right there.
My point is that experience is important. And, as a writer, I think the experience of writing publicly and getting feedback is invaluable – and necessary. I’m exploring online writing groups right now, to kind of take this one step further. (I think I’m going to try Scribophile; it looks interesting. We’ll see how it goes.) And I applied for (and actually got hired for!) a contract blogging opportunity for a PR company. I just think the more things we, as newly public writers, can do to hone our craft and get feedback, the better it’ll be for our chances of success at self-publishing.
Here is the outside of my box....
(Thank you Jayne, for your inspiring words). This painting is done in watercolor.
Jan. 7 (Bloomberg) -- South Africa’s national schools pass rate dropped for a sixth consecutive year, condemning millions to a life of unemployment and fueling crime, even as the government ramped up spending on education.
I was brought back to some form of reality when I came out of the cinema and read Rupert Murdoch’s iPad-only newspaper The Daily. The front page story was:
05. Channel 1 suite - Cinematic Orchestra / 4:11
Lumiere Cosmetics M-Pressed Blush in Clay is a warm nude peach color. It is a beautiful shade of color and perfect for light to tan skin tones.
It’s Rock Week and KISS is in the house. The guys of the Troupe in KISS makeup dancing the opening number were a little too weird for me. But the judges with 11 paddles was awesome!
... so here are the first few pages ...
I received this complimentary copy of this book in exchange for this review. All opinions expressed are mine own.
The End :)
There are apparently two more books in the Grey series. But I think I'll pass thanks. If you've read it, do drop me a line to let me know what you thought. I'd be interested to hear!
The many trials that seem to never end, His word declares this truth,
But Farred reserved his greatest vitriol for each and every Duke undergraduate who disagreed with his approach to the case:
Quite a few law firms wait until a crisis comes around to kick-start their strategic thinking out about litigation support out of necessity. You don’t want to be planning during a crisis… do you? That requires two minds – one to manage and fix the crisis, and a second mind to evaluate and fix what lead to the crisis in the first place.
Fit: This diaper had a pretty good fit on Charlotte. The legs were snug and didn't mark her sensitive skin. I found that this wasn't this most trim diaper (fitteds and covers usually aren't), but it wasn't extrmemly fluffy. It as a good middle of the road "my baby is definately wearing cloth" fluffiness.
They were exactly like how i remembered- except so much uglier (typical!!). Steve polished off the entire container of Suji biscuits by himself!! They are just simply irresistable!!
for this month's employee, but jeez, did the month have to go by so fast or what?
But through making our struggles known I have had several people email me encouragement. Some have been encouraging to me and some have asked questions. How did we know, when did we decide to seek help, what questions did we ask while balancing our faith and morals with treatment options, how has this strengthened/affected our marriage...you name it, I've been asked it. It's amazing to me how it all comes at just the right time...always. God has put people in my life as a prayer warrior, as a friend of encouragement, and as a shot of hope just when I need it.
As to when it's ready to go out on submission, unfortunately there's no exact answer. Generally, you will have a gut feeling that it's ready and there's nothing more you can do that's really going to improve it significantly. (You can tweak forever, but there comes a point where you're not really improving anything, you're just messing around.) But here are some things to ask yourself to see if you're ready: Have you told the story you want to tell? Have you created a character we can care about, challenged him/her with something important and relevant, and resolved the problem in a satisfying way? Is every word the best choice you can make for it? Have you read it out loud to yourself, your toddler, your husband, your dog, and anyone else who will listen? Have you had someone who has never seen it read it out loud to you? (Often, especially with rhyme, this is crucial to make sure the story flows well.) Have you had a couple beta readers or critique partners look it over? Is the language lyrical, rhythmic, asking to be read over and over? Does your story have re-readability (i.e. will a child want to hear it many times and will an adult be happy to oblige?) Have you left half the job for the illustrator and given him/her plenty to work with?
Have you noticed the rightwing noise machine references the First Amendment every time one of their own says something repulsive? As a defense for ignorant speech being called to task by society, freedom of speech gets pulled out of the little grab bag of tricks by the lineup.
I am only just beginning to learn about faeries. Yes, I have changed the spelling of this word. I now choose to identify my kin with their true spelling, not the one assigned by popular culture. My faery ancestors were very real. They were people, just like you and me. They lived and worked on the land, caring for Mother Earth, enjoying their freedom and their society. But, the world was changing. Man decided to plunder and invade. My faery kin were driven away, many were killed or enslaved, and the rest went into hiding. Gradually they became a myth, a legend, a story.
Blog picked was #1 so that makes it the PEACHY KEEN STAMPS BLOG
Antonio Citterio
They united the left and liberals and Muslims against nationalists.
That’s when he grabbed a tool used to clean the grill (oddly enough, nearby) and beat the brain pudding out of his assailants.
went to Target and only two books jumped into my cart ;)
I was in New York recently and every morning I’d walk to the gallery along the High Line. It’s a park that opened in 2009 along a post-industrial railway line – an elevated, landscaped walkway. You have a completely different relationship with the city: instead of dodging cabs, you glide through it on this lawned escalator.
Further, Turkey’s political and economic capital is largely dependent on its new role as pivot between the West and the Middle East. Besides its important geographic position between the two regions, it is the only country that has considerable leverage in both regions. This is what makes Turkey such an invaluable American ally and such an important voice for Middle Eastern nations. But if Turkey continues down its recent path and establishes a strong anti-Israeli posture, many in the United States and Europe will begin to review the level of trust and recognition that Turkey earned in the past year.
The roses are from Wild Orchid Crafts and the hydrangea's are from Prima Marketing.
When too many loans went bad (Congress was shocked! SHOCKED!) came the bailouts with your and your kids’ money. But the bailouts didn’t clean up the mess; too big. So the government and especially, the Fed, changed reporting rules so banks could hide the magnitude of their losses and Fannie/Freddie’s losses and the losses on the bundled derivitives held by others. A lot of the losses are still there, just papered over. And the Fed has dumped tons of electrons it calls money into lenders and insurers while horrendous numbers of bad loan foreclosures have been held off to keep housing prices from sinking further, multiplying all the losses. That’s hanging over our heads, sinking steadily closer to us. The politicians are looking around at ‘green shoots of recovery’ but you notice, they never look up…
My initial thought was how did I not know about this and does everyone else know but decided to keep it secret or have I discovered a fantastic little gem that few know about? I then thought what a fantastic present for the lady in your life; Mom, sister, wife, girlfriend… and then I saw there is a Glossy Box for men too, so now everyone can benefit from this bountiful box!
delicious, make that, hash browns
Dream 1
Love your husband
following themes:
So, for my birthday, The Gentleman Friend gave me a fryer. So awesome. The first thing we made with it was some fried ravioli.
Some MPs are made Ministers and are in charge of certain things, like the Home Secretary, or the Minister for Education. They are selected by the Prime Minister (who is the head of the party with the most seats, usually). The Ministers are collectively referred to as the Cabinet.
Her poetry became the basis of her lyrics, and she started playing at New York clubs. She signed with Shelter Records in 1974.
Roughly 75 of us showed up at the food bank last night, some with children in tow, so maybe there were 85 of us squeezed into a room big enough for 40, at most. We ranged in age from an infant only a few months old to an old woman in her 80s. A few of the people were migrant workers, very few. Most of us were Caucasian. Most of us were unemployed, or underemployed. A few of us smelled like we had just crawled out of a vat of cheap whiskey. (The rest of us tried not to notice, or we stepped outside to escape the odors – and the noise.) No matter our differences, we all were there because we needed food, because we couldn’t supply that for ourselves, because we all were hungry.
Dealings in the Council of Avalhein
The traditional routes to becoming a lawyer are fraught with financial risk and rejection can be found around every corner. Studying hard for up to five years without a firm offer of a training contract from a reputable law firm might seem overly risky for the majority of students struggling to afford their education. In times of uncertain economic growth and stability, can only the most privileged and affluent of students afford to become solicitors and barristers?
meant to be seen this way
You can add pieces directly on the long jute swag to add more interest if you want.
avant-garde
However, amidst all this inanity, it is to be noted that the necessity of stronger laws and modified institutions is a top priority. Stringent action towards the process of administrative bridling is an urgent concern. Corruption and lack of appropriate preventive measures are eating into a system which should have enough credibility to shoulder a nation of 1.2 billion. Albeit, baiting the proposition of self-governance and direct democracy is not going to solve the issue of corruption. It will, moreover, create unwanted lawlessness and land in the stagnancy of subordination. As is already observed – the civil society wanting Anna Hazare to be granted undeviated access and power in the Lokpal panel confirms the naïveté with which the ‘people power’ justifies the remedy of a crisis already causing much struggle in the bureaucratic chain.
The hours for the exhibits at ALA this summer will be:
How to Stop Bullying and Harassment
"Keep of't hills," they said.
5. The programs designed to help people, do anything but. (You knew I couldn't get through an entire post without that stab).
1 3/4 cup Milk
If desired — add vanilla extract, raisins, finely chopped candied fruit. If farmers cheese is too moist — wrap it into cheesecloth and let it drain.
And that’s not to say that food shortages can’t hit the developed world either.
¨ Marilyn Brant
-Ryan Christopher from the Spider-Man musical: I am impressed that Andy kept his professionalism while hanging upside-down. The request for the Spider-Man upside-down smooch made this one memorable. B
joke I made once, but cannot retell.
-in return you get my personal daily coaching
“Side saddle?” Jessica blanched.
When he and I drifted apart, it gave me a long while to prioritize my thoughts. I realized that this man and my story was not over, it had just begun. We began something stronger than what we had before... a deep friendship. Sure, he dropped my heart and left it behind, but I trusted that someone would come and return it to me.. or even better yet hold onto it themselves. Little did I know, someone was following me with my heart in hand, I just hadn't looked back to see that this man was doing so.
This is a reboot of an old post, but as it talks about our NICU experience I wanted to share it... Since the March for Babies is coming up in a couple of months.
HHJ Simon Brown QC writes on Costs Control with the heading Costs management and docketing judges: are you ready for the big bang next year? The “big bang” referred to is the wide-ranging package of reforms recommended, and subsequently promoted, by Lord Justice Jackson, and specifically costs budgeting and the acceptance, like it or not, that technology must play an important part both in user interface with the court and in the disclosure of documents.
My parents went on a trip to South Carolina and enjoyed some of the best southern BBQ they had ever had. They even were able to visit Paula Deen's restaurant and home town (how fun!). We celebrated them coming home with a full blown southern BBQ style dinner. We had a lot of fun, and the food was amazing!! I am excited to share some of our favorite recipes from this night with you throughout the week.
1) More fonts!
#7. Freedom thrives on clarity. Confusion ends freedom because it feeds chaos.
And this is just one more milestone - granted, it's a big one. The biggest yet. But it's only of small relief to pass it, because we are still four weeks (as of today) from viability. We need more time yet, and I feel wild for it to be here already. The thoughts swirl darkly in the back of my mind that we will pass this weekend - after all, why shouldn't we? - and get to 21 or 22 or 23 weeks only to have something go wrong before that salvation of a day at 24 weeks. And won't that taste be bitter in my mouth?
“Why don’t we follow each subject as she goes about her daily life? That way
I hope he doesn’t confiscate that book now….cos next up I want to read about how to choke a man with my bare thighs LOL!
This law is also dangerous in that it could make a murderer out of someone who merely committed assault and happened to be unlucky enough for the woman to miscarry naturally. An aggressive shoulder-bump in a crowd could result in manslaughter charges due to natural miscarriage.
8. Take my older kids for a really fun-filled afternoon to a park, zoo or Science World and feed them healthy food.
The masthead of The Slog reads ‘A diary of deception and distortion’.
In this case, Drew, the main character had me wondering whether the author was male or female, because apart from a few stereotypical bits, SHE had got the male viewpoint really well which is often difficult.
Morgen: I’m mid-way through fourth edits to my chick-lit and I’ve often said it’s my least favourite aspect of writing but I’ve not touched it for a year and am really enjoying getting to know my characters again. Do you have a method for creating your characters, their names and what do you think makes them believable?
On his solid new album Fixin to Die, it sounds like G. Love has traded in his cold beverages for hot ones and wisely let the Avett Brothers mix up the special sauce.
Next Time: Security
The Discovery
On to the follow up on the thyroid nodule. The nuclear scan showed several "cold" areas. A cold area is where the iodine/radioactive juices didn't take... a non-functioning part of my thyroid and/or nodule. I don't know which, the scan was of both. I was told that about 20% of "cold" areas actually turn out to be cancer. So, the next step is a biopsy. They are going to take samples of multiple areas. I meet with the surgeon tomorrow so that's about all I can catch you up on. I will, as always, share away once I know more. If you are new to my blog and want to follow the thyroid/weight loss from the beginning, check out these previous posts:
IT IS TRAGIC THAT SOME PERSONS STILL DID NOT LIVE A FULL CHRISTIAN LIFE AND NEXT DIED..
Enjoy! Can't wait to hear what you think of Lisa's items!
I'm not quite sure what's going to happen next. Obviously my son's education is important, but his mental health comes first. Getting him out of the front door is the first challenge (and I think that getting a dog may be the answer), after which I hope that my son will rediscover his curiosity about the world around him.
thing is, when i get home from work i rarely turn on my pc anymore, because i’m already staring at the silly computer at work all day long, and i feel like my kitties appreciate my undivided attention and cuddles :)
Dad:
”Northern is pleased that the successful Zaedyus oil discovery is to be quickly followed by a new drilling campaign. This will not only further delineate the discovery structure, but will also move forward to drill some of the similar prospects defined by 3D seismic in order to confirm the wider significant potential of this permit area covering the entire length of the prospective continental shelf edge of Guyane, a distance of about 200 kilometres.”
3. Michelob Lager
Now where do I bury the dreams built on castles in the air?
Magruder 4, Clarksburg 3
On the subject – The Worthington's name - rejuvenated over recent years courtesy of the now legendary 'White Shield' is part if the Molson Coors stable these days. One benefit of having big corporate parents is that you get shiny new toys to play with, such as the purpose built 'William Worthington's Brewery' - a recently constructed state-of-the-art facility.
Play (4th)
There are other ways of trading gold, or to proxy it. Others here have discussed their preferences. I love Forex because it’s 24 hours per day 5 days a week, it’s instantaneous entry/exit at low transaction cost. Others feel differently. One thing I like about the Forex account is that, if I so choose, I can get into some other currency pairs. At times, I’ve entered into trades where there has been a huge spike simply based on initial reaction to some news report. I usually stick with gold, but I’ll take an occasional shot elsewhere here and there.
When I think back to the event, my only regret was that I didn’t take more pictures! Fortunately, I have so many great memories from the weekend and I learned (and ate!!) a lot. The weekend was overwhelming and amazing! I wish I could do it again!!
One time, my cousin was driving to work in the early morning. An owl skimmed the windshield and roof of the pickup he was driving. His father, my uncle, had been quite ill, and so his death a few days later was not completely unexpected.
I may write somethings in Spanish because I can speak it, although I'm not very good as I'm still learning it, so please correct me if you find anything wrong. I'd really appreciate it. ^_^
Location: Ortigas Center, Pasig City
-Due to the colors on my kitchen walls, I had to paint my chair rails and floor molding (whatever that is called) white. This opens a whole freaking can of worms for the rest of the house. I can’t just have white chair rails, floor molding, doors and door jams in the kitchen, No the rest of the house has to match. So what will I be doing until I am 54 years old? Painting. Painting the floor molding in every room, painting the crown molding in the living room and dining room, painting doors and door jams in every room. Good lord. Everything needs a fresh coat of paint in this house so it must be done! I am on a mission.
Griekwastad: Arrest is imminent - (A cryptic warning and a threat: We will crush you and your religion!)
Ok... I'd better see you there. Promise? Great!
So here goes: a healthy, super cheap, super filling, stupidly delicious meal. You’re gonna love it. Invite all your friends over for a movie night, plus chili.
But talking about him as an influence is very, very hard. It requires taking him out of context to see him like that. For me he was—he didn’t dominate my writing; there were so many competing voices. But during the Harper’s years, when I was there and he was still writing for them, when his copy came in, there was a radioactive quality to it. At any given time, there are only a limited number of writers who are operating at that level, who are sustaining that much weight in their prose, and we can argue if we like what they did or not till the end of time, but it’s a Gulliver’s Travels situation—we’re crawling around on a giant.
2. And when death is at hand, oh then what abundance of tenderness, and seriousness, and skill, and diligence, is needful for one, that hath the last office of love to perform, to the departing soul of so near a friend! Oh then what need will there be of your most wise, and faithful, and diligent help!….They that are utterly unprepared and unfit to die themselves, can do little to prepare or help another. But they that live together as the heirs of heaven, and converse on earth as fellow travellers to the land of promise, may help and encourage the souls of one another, and joyfully part at death, as expecting quickly to meet again in life eternal.
Cross-cultural mergers and acquisitions are common and often used to acquire more efficient access to resources and human capital, to expand markets and to create new ones. Due to promising predictions, as well as a considerable amount of time and money spent on legal and administrative issues, potential difficulties deriving from cross-cultural differences and hidden cultural rules are often neglected. These can have a tremendous impact on the international workforce and global business operations if not addressed in the early stages.
Kitted out in jaunty red caps and wielding giant fishing nets, MSPCA dog-catchers snatch animals wherever they see them — sleeping on street corners, lingering in alleys or lazing on their own doorsteps.
5. I’m Your Man
And so they made camp that night in the secluded well house, and after an uneventful night, they crossed over to the “other side” of the kings Wall and made their way into the Chaos Scar, heading northwest to where they new the hill called Dragontooth squatted dourly overlooking the countryside. They could soon see it rising above the undulating fields, a tall sheer-sided pillar of stone, with rubble and trees ringing the base. A stream flowed from a crack that clove the hill in two and they began following a path that meandered along the stream bank, until they reached the base of the hill. The stream poured forth from a large cave mouth about twenty feet up, cascading down to form the stream. The wall behind the waterfall was solid, but the cave mouth above was much larger than the stream, and the Halfling Merrick was quick to ascend the rock wall and peer into the cave.
Ask about a non-resident library card if you live outside of the library's service area. I invest $50 annually in a library card at the metro system in the next county and it is more than worth it, even with the 30-minute drive. I can easily borrow books from any branch in the system and have them delivered to the branch closest to me for pick-up. This bigger library system also offers more services, such as an InterLibrary Loan program that is willing to track down books from all over the country.
The charges relate to Malema singing "shoot the boer", which the Rustenburg farmer interpreted as inciting youth league supporters to commit genocide against Afrikaans farmers.
Here's a video for you're listening pleasure.
The bullpen was utilized heavily as Erik Bedard was pulled with only 3 pitches into the 2nd inning with back spasms. Using 5 different pitchers in 8 innings, the Pirates bullpen allowed only 1 earned run in the 7th inning off Juan Cruz. Closer Joel Hanrahan tried to redeem himself for last night's blown save, but made it very interesting by loading the bases with only 1 out in the 9th before he got Bryce Harper to pop out and Ryan Zimmerman to strike out leaving the bases loaded.
We successfully rescued the two chickens we could find and then searched around his yard and his neighbour's yard to find the last and possibly injured chicken. We had to give up though.
Ask for help. Putting a main dish, a vegetable and a salad on the table can be a lot for a busy cook just home from 'work' (ahem). Recruit help. Can the kids wash and prep the vegetables? Can someone man the grill?
This probably isn’t right and I would advise myself to love all people, no matter what idiotic things they say, or how stupid their haircuts are. In fact, I would tell myself that every time I met someone new, don’t just shake their hands, but hug them and hold them tight, then whisper in their ears about how much you love them.
The Patents Act s.12 did not give the court any jurisdiction to determine entitlement to patents which had already been granted by the date of the claims, but the Patents Court did have jurisdiction to determine entitlement to pending US applications. Jurisdiction under s.12 to deal with Frito-Lay's applications didn't vanish just because the patent applications turned into patents after that date.
We are doing something different for his week's challenge at Joan's Gardens, We are planning a blog hop May 15th and are looking for 6 Guest Designers to participate.We are asking everyone who would like to be considered as a guest designer for the blog hop, to create a card or project that includes one or more flowers that you have created with either punches or dies. You will submit your entry in this week's challenge. You can create any type of flower/s you wish. There are no other requirements other than you will want to make your entry the prettiest you can make it. Selma and I will be selecting 6 of our favorite cards and those people will be ask to join us as guest designers for the blog hop on May 15. Each guest designer will be given a NEW set of dies to work with and the blog hop winner will win a great gift from our sponsor. Here is what you need to do for Joan's Gardens Weekly Challenge #15 ¦Make a card or project which includes flowers using dies or punches ¦Make your card/project the prettiest you can make You will have until next Thursday (April 26) morning 6:00 AM EST to link your project. You can enter more than once. The Guest Designer winners will be announced Friday April 27 and will be participating in the May 15 blog hop. Below are the guidelines:1. You must have a blog or post to the SCS gallery. 2. Post your challenge card to your blog. 3. Or if you are posting to the SCS gallery, you will need to use a special code to tag your card to the challenge. This week's code is JG0419 and needs to be posted with the challenge. 4. Link your card/project to the Blue Inlinkz icon listed at the bottom of the challenge. Important, please have a direct link to your challenge card and not to your blog address.Comments always appreciated. I love seeing your cards!
One commentary says, “The work he has come to do is now complete. The great significance John attaches to the saying I am thirsty would then make sense because it would symbolize both Jesus’ commitment to obey God’s will and the fulfillment of the suffering of the one who is the righteous sufferer par excellence.
It is an action-packed mystery set in an ancient land with great attention to detail. I recommend this historical novel to all middle grade readers.
He appeared broken down, fatigued, but he smiled back anyway. I handed him one book and he asked in English, “Who is this for?” And I said it was for me, “Rigoberto.” I handed him the other book. “And this one?” he asked. “It’s for me also,” I said. He looked up at me and laughed, so I laughed with him, not understanding why that was so funny. I knew my time was up, but I went for it anyway and said to him before I was turned away, “Yo soy de Michoacán. Yo también voy a ser escritor.” He humored me and answered, quite gently, “Pues, suerte, muchacho. Nada más cuídate los dedos.” He raised his hands up to show me and I was stunned: he had crooked index fingers. Many years later, I would read how he continued to write on a typewriter, using only those two digits. Another lesson I would come to learn about being a writer: its physical toll.
Yep – it’s me that people come to for bandages, plasters and micropor tape!!!
Sure we often manufacture our own luck by being prepared. Knowledgeable. Smart in how we approach matters.
Luckily, after the First Half, I didn’t get sicker, and actually took a turn for the better. My training went really well, the rest of February was strong, I finished the month with a total of 151 kms in mileage. March was a killer month, in both good and bad ways! It was a great month overall for training, and I was feeling like superwoman, getting in lots of workouts, lots of running, cross-training, and everything was quality work-outs, I felt invincible! However, the last week of March, I pushed too hard, and I learned a very valuable lesson. That over-training is a very real thing, and that recovery days are just as important as workout days. It was a tough lesson to learn, and I had 4 terrible painful days of hardly being able to walk, but luckily I learned this lesson 6 weeks out from the race. Still, March was as I said, a killer month, totaling 245.25 kms!!
“And that repentance and remission of sins should be preached in his name, among all nations, beginning at Jerusalem.”
1a.m. approached too quickly and it was time to leave the venue and make our way to the after party. We wait for a cab. Vinnie sits on the ground, leaning against the wall, right next to me. We’re chatting; joking. I leaned down to listen to what he said and he pulled me down to sit with him. To the exponent of aggressive, I guesstimate my chances at 80%.
Some readers have come to the erroneous conclusion that the Matrix consists of Republican Party disinformation as if there is no disinformation from the left. Others think that propaganda is the business of Obama and the Democrats. In fact, propaganda from the right, the left and the middle are all part of the disinformation fed to americans.
The Avocado (Scientific name, Persea Americana) is a native of South and Central America. It was also originally found in the Carribean. Sometimes avocado is also known as Aligator or butter pear. Some of avocado extract can be used as antibacterial chemical.
Wait, where the fuck are they?
But without ideology, secular Israel can be a daunting, graceless place.
The word "pony" reminds me of The Sugarcubes song "Cowboy" (on the Elektra Album (USA version of) "Life's too good").
Anyhows, I'm putting plans to move to the seaside on the back-burner for now for reasons of (im)practicality, but instead looking at cutting down the way money trickles through my fingers so that we can go on far more seaside adventures/travel/blah blah blah. Top idea so far though is to make more money... so I've been faffing about on ebay and typing in random objects that I happen to own and happily finding out people are paying ££ for the same things. A gas heater for VW vans being one of them - a very random car boot treasure from eons ago, purely because it was turquoise and silver, for instance. So later on today, with the glorious sun still out (we hope) photos will be taken and Some Proper Ebaying will get done.
Kept thinking of red, white and blue.
All of a whipwhirl’s attacks are based on its ability to wrap itself around the specific area of its target (on a successful “to hit” roll.) The duration for each form of whipwhirl attack lasts until that whipwhirl is killed.
A bedraggled Alexandre, followed by an equally bedraggled Gareth, entered, laden down with several bundles, wrapped tightly against the rain.
Sponsored by Stony Brook Southampton’s MFA in Creative Writing and Literature, the conference offers inspiration, training and guidance to aspiring and established authors through workshops, lectures, panel discussions and special presentations led by world-renowned authors, illustrators and editors.
Whenever we say His name
I am of the opinion that the “altar call” or “confession of faith,” or similar invitations were not mentioned with great frequency because the Endeavorers were frequently already Christians, had already made their profession of faith in the church, and in fact were already part of the body of Christ. The Christian Endeavor pledge and program were designed to keep young Christians fired up in the church, keep them giving confessions of Christ, keep them supporting their church, and keep them serving their Lord and Saviour, Jesus Christ. That is not to say, however, the Christian Endeavor did not make acceptance of Christ a ready opportunity.
So I'm behind on posting and most likely won't get all the dates up before the end of the project, ie Labor Day, ie tomorrow!, and coming down with a cold the weekend it all ends has not been helping BUT rest assured the project will be completed and posts will be coming....at some point. In the meantime let's finish off our marathon day-date from last Wednesday shall we?
Also tomorrow is the first installment of my new Guest Blogger series and this one is amazing. A dear friend, a fellow Canadian and a GRUNGE QUEEN!!!!
Here was my submission (even though I can already see things I'd like to change!):
Life is more than re-creating a scene of Better Homes and Gardens. each piece in our homes should have purpose and eternal meaning. It is such a blessing and joy to teach our children to be purposeful in every area of life!
We want your creations to be aimed at a nursery rhyme of some sort. I had a little trouble with this one so in order to help YOU out here`s a link for you to use: http://www.songsforteaching.com/nurseryrhymes.htm . Also, I am requesting that you name the Nursery Rhyme that you are basing your creation on.
Don't forget to leave a comment on each of the design team members blogs as you're looking for Beach La La, there's going to be La La Land Crafts birthday blog candy given away from each design team members blogs and you don't want to miss out! The winners will be announced August 9th.
Exact amounts of what Shannon was owed were not detailed in the lawsuit, because terms of the employment agreement requires him to keep the amounts confidential. The lawsuit said Miami has been making monthly payments to Shannon, but at a rate lower than what was stipulated in the coach's contract.
-James Joyce
There are other things going on, too, that are keeping me busy. There are some job situations (with me) that I can't get specific about, but I would appreciate your prayers. I'm really needing some direction. On the bright side, my home business is growing steadily. I set up my first booth at a large event this weekend, and it went really well. I'm praying that in time my income from that will become steady enough to let me reduce my work hours. This opportunity has definitely been an answer to prayers for us. (It's a great company that's still pretty small - if you're looking for your own home business with a great ground floor opportunity, I'd love to share more about Miche with you, or you can check out my website.)
It is nice to have others share their travel tips; it helps us all learn techniques and strategies for saving money, time, and stress on every trip. Anyone else want to do a guest column? Contact me at CharlesMcCool -at- gmail -dot- com.
The Hunger Games parts
602 D-VI/19/1970. “‘A Pillar Upon Her Grave’: Rachel Foulger Magdol.” Chicago, Illinois.
Sunny Greys is an original and lovely kit, charming and versatile, perfect to dress any page you see fit. This is a lovely way to save your photos and precious memories. Sunny Greys Album coordinates with my kit Sunny Greys. Get the complete collection and add many more pages to your Album.
What we have is a square peg in a round hole plot in which the immature Gilmore, fantastic knack for driving the ball he has, does not fit in with the PGA tou. He does bring in the young crowd, so the powers that be reluctantly tolerate him. He makes an enemy in the smarmy Shooter McGavin (Christopher McDonald) McGavin is an amusing antagonist, though one who engages Gilmore too often in the sarcastic remark department in which he is outclassed. The conflict of Gilmore improving his golf game in order to beat McGavin would have been sweeter had Gilmore not already gotten the best of him in other areas.
So now, oh happy day!, when you see something that says "Sold Out", it means, actually, "Sold Out", but that we can get it in again.
2. Use a tripod. You knew that, didn’t you? This’ll keep everything sharp – except for everything that’s moving, of course. I like to use a Nikon MC-DC2 Remote Release Cord to further minimize camera shake, which can be introduced if you are touching the shutter button on your camera.
I'd been flipping through a craft book at Joann the other day when I came across photos of some paper collages that were simply beautiful. Alas, I don't share that artist's skill at seeing color and light and shapes as exquisitely as she does. (I'm sorry I didn't write down her name so I could see more of her work!) But I did leave with the idea of using pieces of paper to create some tea-themed artwork. From my scrapbooking stash I selected several papers with handwriting or type on them. I had some 5x7 canvases that could serve as the background. My template was an old teapot-shaped piece I got in a craft kit perhaps 20 years ago! I have used this thing so many times, so for this project I just traced it on the canvas and added some background color from a rubber stamp I had on hand.
The state Senate passed a bill last week that would ban Ohio residents from buying lions, tigers, bears,elephants, wolves, alligators, crocodiles, and certain kinds of monkeys as pets, unless they follow strict guidelines.
Quite simply, I will place an ad tile sized 125 x 600 pixels at the bottom of a blog post with the words "This blog post brought to you by ..." above the ad tile, which will link to the advertiser's site. The content of the post is not obligated in any way to be associated with the ad's focus.
the Groom looks upon with distaste.
futuristic funk-metal freak-out that the boy wonder might have
- Sweet from From My Kitchen Cricut Cartridge cut at 1.75
Let’s get real. 4 teams is just going to be 2 SEC teams every year with the Big Ten, Big 12 and Pac 12 fighting for 2 spots. Schools like Ohio State play easy schedules in the Big Ten (sorry, it’s an awful conference every year since the spread happened and if you would like to argue, please don’t do so to a USC fan who has seen Iowa, Ohio State, Michigan, Illinois and Penn State all in winning seasons barely compete) and they travel well so they will always get a spot. Last year, out of nowhere, the Pac 12 was probably the 2nd best conference at the top. If I give LSU and Alabama their cred, the Pac 12 had 3 teams in the AP top 6 going into the bowls when USC was too handsome to participate.
I am also refocusing some of my time to be more intentional about teaching Little Sweets. I'm pre-preschool-homeschooling. Is that a thing? =) I've collected tons of ideas on my Preschool at Home board and I'm starting slowly. It's so exciting to see the tangible rewards of what I invest in her.
We used Varathane brand (click here to see the can's English side - oops) Premium Diamond Wood Finish in clear gloss. It, too, is water-based and although meant for outdoor items, worked just fine for a desk. The helpful salesman at Canadian Tire who sold me my tiny first can of varnish is not as obsessed with glossiness as me. When I bought my second can, this time at Home Hardware, the helpful salesman there suggested I buy a bigger can. I'll use the rest, he reasoned. He's smart.
Fiskars Circle Punch
Down to Salford Quays on Sunday evening to see the living (just) God that is John Martyn. Now I knew he was in bad health, losing a leg and all that and I knew he'd put on some weight. I knew, but I still remembered him as the railing thin acoustic 'fuck-you' folkie with the electric sensibility from the early seventies.
Gig Economy / Age of Gigonomics – Some writers are describing the current job market in this way
Chaat masala
Luz Santlage – Brooklyn Veterinary Hospital.
9And when those beasts give glory and honour and thanks to him that sat on the throne, who liveth for ever and ever,
Fredrick when he can be standing on the mound in Camden Yards trying to strike out Jose Bautista with a good fastball and a change-up he learned two weeks ago? Who cares, it’ll sell tickets. And then when Bautista hits one off of the ivy we can all say, “Heh. I knew that bum was a bust. Now, this other kid, the one
From sin’s tremendous curse and blame.
There can even be two different ranges of communication; these will probably be whether or not you select a free service or a paid service. Each are good nonetheless, and with the free possibility, the positioning will often let you discover somebody and really get to know them before a subscription is requested for. A variety of the providers is perhaps restricted akin to the quantity of icons allowed or the amount of searches potential also. Nevertheless, with a paid choice all companies are going to be open to you.
I ordered a new RoadID bracelet along with a light and some ankle reflectors so I can feel comfortable running outside again. Since my friend Amanda’s accident, I’ve been a little leary of running outside, but my game is definitely off with just treadmill running. I’ve decided that I’m going to leave the gym to classes only and do my running outside. The weather is getting better for it too.
we are currently motoring across Kansas, what a very flat and windy place! Yesterday we drove for twelve hour with eight children, four dogs, two cats, two roosters two grown ups, one motor home and one van. Last night we had the privilege of staying with Dane's Aunt Jeannie and Uncle Kent, in Alexander, Kansas. What A warm welcome we received they have a beautiful old farmhouse, the dogs and children were able to run in there spacious yard! We were treted to a home cooked hot meal and ice cream and cake for dessert. Everyone was very happy!
it has tiny pieces, so we're now onto a cars themed puzzle with larger pieces. :)
“I don’t know how other women do it because I’ve never been so sick and so tired in all of my life. I want this all over. “ She put her head on the table and sniffed.
Another good reason to get out and vote Labour tomorrow.
To quote the omniscient words of the Stones, ‘you can’t always get what you want’ – but fuck it, you can sure as hell try, right?
Kimberley
What originally started out as a small protest by teachers has blown up into a near revolt by the public unions and their democrat supporters. They should proceed carefully, however because this could really backfire in a big way. Disapproval of unions is on the rise, and these demonstrations and shutdowns could well be a tipping point, and not in their favor.
It's in my daughter's eyes
6. You ought to detox at least one time a year. A light detoxifying plan is generally safe; as a matter of fact, scientific fields of study show that a detox is beneficial for health. You ought to be heedful if you are a nursing mom, youngster, and patients with chronic degenerative diseases, cancer or TB. Confer with your healthcare practitioner if you've questions about whether detoxing is proper for you. At the start, lighten your toxin load. Do away with intoxicants, coffee,smokes, sugars and saturated fats, all of which act as toxins in the system and are obstacles to the process. Minimize utilization of chemical-based home cleaners and personal healthcare products (cleaners, shampoos, deodorants and toothpastes), and replace with natural alternatives.
On my drive home from the train station, a man ran a red light at high speed -- really ran it, as my light had been green for a long time -- and came straight at me. I saw Red Runner coming and braked as hard as my body could brake. Red Runner careened past, the nose of Seattle Mom's van grazing the side of his car and peeling the trim off like one of them tasty Fruit by the Foot snacks.
Charles Small is the founder of the Yale Initiative for the Interdisciplinary Study of Antisemitism (YIISA). His tireless engagement with YIISA was the force that made YIISA a famous institution among those who love democracy, Israel, America, and who are against bigotry, Sharia law, antisemitism and the cult of death, embraced by Islamism.
House Democrats are considering a package of ‘fixes’ to the Senate healthcare reform bill. Among the demands: lowering the cost of the bill and removing sweetheart deals for some states.
Also in the annual chic are a alternation of stylus-oriented minigames. You’ll alpha out with eight games, but as you play through the adventitious you’ll be able to acquisition and bolt rabbits, anniversary of which gives up a key that unlocks accession new minigame. The minigames are varied, fun, and addictive. Anniversary one usually revolves about one specific activity, such as appliance the stylus to draw aback a ballista and blaze shots at parachuting bob-ombs amphibian down from the top screen, animation curve that become trampolines to accumulate three Marios bouncing about from awning to screen, or even arena a bold of Anamnesis at Luigi’s casino.
This weekend I went to my very first tailgate party and college football game. Both took place at the University of Michigan where my son is a freshman.
I broke on my way home…I called him (I knew he was getting ready to leave for work and would be gone by the time I got home) I told him what was going on, that I could move in with Jo but she needed to know today that I was scared he’d keep talking to Betsy and doing the things he did this week. I told him I just wanted to know if he thought he should change anything about himself. He told me that he had only talked to Betsy that one time and he didn’t even know why I was comparing myself to Betsy. He told me that he didn’t just get an attitude, he only got an attitude when I did. He told me that he was frustrated with the bed situation because I took up too much room and his back killed him after he got off work and he just wanted to be able to go home and relax. What I heard when he said that was, I hate my life right now and I’m taking it out on you. And he also told me that he didn’t think he needed to change anything. I told him that I felt like I needed time to myself, and time to grow up and I couldn’t do that with him.
The Management School of
Pod begins to hang out and jam often with Snackplate, Lonnie Gann, Joe Bleese, Jeff LaForte, Scott Marder, Craig Enos, (and a couple of times with Micheal Fabrizio, later Vegetarian Bluejay of Austin) mostly playing two hour versions of “Down by the River”.
I put these in the slow cooker.
1227. Bugles, Funions, & Party Mid @ The House (Brigantine, NJ) 2:34 p.m.
Dedicated to inclusiveness, both the Montreal and Victoria Y’s offer membership assistance to those unable to pay full membership fees. It means that anybody can join the Y and benefit from its services and facilities. It means if you’re out of work, you can at the very least get healthy and stay healthy by using the sports centre, and stay connected with your community by participating in Y events.
Universality must first find itself within itself; then it must find itself in the fullness that fills, in the highest light, in the hub of light, in the divine light.”
I’m in the middle of nowhere. I biked 80 miles today, and I didn’t go through any towns. West Texas is a completely new experience.
Although the front of the iPhone 5 will look about the same, the back will feature a flat, metal panel stretching from beneath the camera to nearly the bottom. iLounge’s sources did not say why the device might come with that additional element. Aside from the metal panel, the device will boast Gorilla Glass 2 technology, according to the site’s source.
Next, and by next I mean hours later, we got to the Badlands. Oh this place, everyone must go there (well everyone must go to all the places I went, they're national treasures). They just appear out of no where, it makes you wonder how scary this place was for travelers in the 19th century coming in ox cart. Anyway the Badlands were formed by wind and water erosion in clay rich soil and are actually slowly moving. There is another set of "badlands" in Theodore Roosevelt NP in North Dakota as well. Read more about this crazy beautiful place here on wikipedia or of course the NP website. While we were there I bought us a National Park pass, which I suggest everyone to get, its good for a year and grants access to all the national park/monument/wilderness area/forest/etc that you have to pay for.
I was not into K-pop at all. Just like V-pop, I thought they all sounded the same: same voices, same rhythm. I didn’t understand what they sang so no comment on whether it was depressing or not, but I always felt frustrated listening to them for some reason. When X-Nicky was back to Vietnam at some point and suddenly got obsessed with it, I was like “Oh, please, no…” because it just meant he would have less time for US UK music.
Basically, everything you're going to need for a very very very long camping trip.
First of all — what is the pre-frontal cortex (PFC), anyway? Well, this part of our brain plays a role in many important “executive functions,” or high-level thinking such as:
Professor: Have you ever felt your GOD, tasted your GOD, smelt your GOD? Have you ever had any sensory perception of GOD for that matter?
Vein-like structures were created, weaving them together, which gave this almost circulatory element to them.
This past week, Lauren taught me how to add links to my posts, hence my two links above. I will add a third link, just to show you the number one site where I spend my time online.
There are just too many variables… The only thing I do know is that I’d be toast.
when he confessed he found someone,
3.Sift cake flour, rice flour and baking powder into a mixing bowl.
Suddenly my hours drastically changed. I went from working 8:30 to 5:30 every day, to working as early as 7am to as late as 9pm. They would call me during my work day and say, "Hey listen there's a ball game we got last minute tickets for we need you to stay until 9. We will pay you extra and buy you some dinner!" I agreed because I loved the babies and for fear they would get upset if I didn't. What started out as one night every so often became multiple days a week. Eventually there was not a single week I worked under 50 hours, and most were getting up to 70 hours. I was there from the time the babies woke up til they went to bed. The dad was always the one who paid me, so I began asking nicely about my extra pay. He would always say oh yeah I'll just throw it in there on pay day. Then on pay day it wouldn't be there so I would say "What about my money for working late?" He would say "I forgot... I promise next time I will though." This happened over and over. They also promised me holidays off but began calling me in on holidays promising me extra pay and never following through. One holiday I came in the entire day, 12 hours, they promised to provide me my meals but never did so I worked and was starving all day. Anyways despite this I stayed because I loved the babies so much.
Time to rest, scheme, strategize. Think back on what has come before. Assemble my experiences. Next post: Christopher Hitchens, humanism, and links to my writing published by the American Humanist Association. I hope you leave here with something meaningful. If have something to add to the discussion, I’d very much appreciate it if you could leave a comment. Thanks.
*I do believe that it's the wife's vocation to make the home, even though I don't usually describe this as being a "stay-at-home-mom," just because in the course of history, wives and mothers have done a lot of things while making their homes! Most of the time, though, in our present day, making a home is going to mean that the family will live on the husband's income, as it's his vocation to be the provider. For most folks in an economy based on raising one or two children on two incomes, devoting oneself to creating a beautiful environment for one's family will require hard work and dedication, and is well worth the effort. If I can help, even just by cheerleading, I will!
1) YOUR FULL NAMES : …………………………………………..
No, seriously. Mike Hall, former awesome player for GW from 2002-2006, has a Twitter account, @_MikeHall. The icon for his account is a bobblehead of him on the toilet, reading a newspaper. #3 is taking a #2. This is amazing.
Since the tomato splits and dance alot, keep an eye and also use a heavy deep pan.
i only need enough to survive”
"Ritual" recorded in the early 70s in Belgium its a tasty batch of Latin funk grooves, with a deep Afro-soul sound thrown into the mix, and some slight Chicano rock touches, like fuzzy guitar and heavy organ. It includes fantastic funk versions of two Perez Prado groovers "Caballo Negro" and "Lupita" the latter of which is the monster dance floor mash up but the whole album really rocks.
Wall Mart…
feeding it day and night
Jelly Boy is responsible for mixing and mastering of the entire album and also played guitar for the song, Butterfly Case.
We are gonna start a little something new here at MS. We wanna have a contest for a Guest DT spot and anyone is welcome to give it a shot! We have a challenge for you to complete and we the DT will take a vote for the winner. What will you do with that? Well you will receive a DT kit for which you will need to complete at least 3 layouts and a card or altered item for your debut. You will be highlighted for a weekend in your honor of winning the contest and it will be your turn to issue one of our monthly challenges. You will need to join our forum if you arent already a member, join our discussions and take part in the challenges for the month and most important we like to share the love in our glorious gallery.
So I think I need to set some realistic, but do-able goals for myself for the next three weeks. These include:
my inspiration is overflowing
A Day at the Races (US…Sam Wood)
As the ends of such a partnership cannot be obtained in many generations, it becomes a partnership not only between those who are living and those who are dead, but between those who are living and those who are dead, and those who are to be born.
Longtime readers may remember the posts on the so-called verdaccio technique from some time ago, and may see a connection here. I have long been thinking of getting back around to that technique, as I had the impression that the basic procedure was sound, but that the materials were bunk. This painting is going back in that direction – at some point I will try an actual pedigree verdaccio underpainting with glazes, and see if I can’t make something good come of it.
Adepero Oduye in Pariah. You’d never guess that Oduye is actually 33 years old, because in every way she inhabits the awkward, embarrassed, itchy skin of a 17-year-old in this beautiful film. My only complaint about this film was its title, as it’s a weirdly hysterical and misleading concept for this subtle film. Alike, or Lee as she prefers (Oduye) isn’t a pariah at all — she actually has a surprising degree of interior strength as well as outside support. She’s an A student with an unholy gift for poetry and has a growing group of gay friends who, like she, identify as masculine. So even though she has to hide her butch clothes from her mother (Kim Wayans), she has already gone far toward exploring and appearing as mannish and openly lesbian.
He keeps barking at me, like he is trying to tell me something, and wanting me to pick him up.
Great quality photos, huh?
Religious leaders persist in saying that it is ‘sinful’ to be ‘unclean’. You can’t tell them that the hygeine rules in present in religion were a mixture of good science and psychology. They will not hear you. Neither will the political leaders who denounce religion.
I have a confession to make....I usually let the milk reach the 200 degree mark and nearly boil over onto the stove top (it actually has boiled over more often than not). The first time was purely accidental. I had left the room, leaving the milk unattended, but that batch was one of the smoothest, creamiest ice creams we had ever eaten. From there I just let it happen. Don't necessarily do as I do (it's messy), I'm just saying......
According to Richard Gottlieb, MSW and Diplomate with a capital D, last year at the Empathic Therapy Conference Dr. Peter Breggin said, “If you haven’t been fired at least once, you’re not doing your job.”
I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service. And be not conformed to this world: but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good, and acceptable, and perfect, will of God.
Said Ziggy, dragging deep on his cigarette.
Hermel pulled the blanket over his ears, having lost any interest in the squeaky voice looking for Lanna. Wisely so, thought Hormel, who did the same.
Satya’s Note : Given that the water is full of effluents today, drinking may be risky unless you have tremedous faith and a strong resistant constitution.
I insist on taking a flask of black, sweet coffee to work with me and I sip at it constantly through my shift til midnight…no wonder I don’t sleep too well!!
Last night was something magical.
But she owes me for putting up with Satan, I mean, Carmella, for all that time. She owes me for lost sleep, lost productivity, and for that one pillow her dog gutted. Their reunion will be nauseatingly affectionate. I certainly hope that my sister appreciates the effort it took to help Carmella lose a few pounds while she was a member of Jean’s Boise Fat Camp. Her dog no longer sports the bloated, pyknic physique she did a few weeks back.
If you are a child who gets pregnant, not only will you have your baby forcibly removed from your care, you will also be sent away to some quarantine where you will be taught how to behave.
I never used to be a crier.
Well that sounded a bit of an oxymoron when I first heard that! However I think it means that nothing in His plan is perfect in our eyes. In the end it is, but not at the moment. It's a really encouraging quote. There are so many things going on which makes the year look bleak as I'm really trusting God completely. I just don't know what's going to happen. I've been looking for peace and confidence about the upcoming camp - yes I know I've done it a few times before, but I still didn't feel bang on right. God reminded me of the passion needed to continue His work in children.
We believe BwB’s volunteers are some of the best and brightest minds in the corporate sector. For those of you who are U.S. residents, this partnership presents a unique opportunity to help make a difference, both locally and globally. Stay tuned as we keep you informed of opportunities to engage through this new alliance.
Paint: We used a lot of Benjamin Moore Super White. On the floors we used a Benjamin Moore floor paint – lots of coats.
who, when you lock eyes with them,
In Kindergarten, kids learn where to find files and software on Windows 2021. Reading is taught using computer terminology and books on the Internet.
I had a workshop Friday night, after all of this happened, and I could not get or stay inside my body. Thankfully it was an authentic movement workshop, so there was movement involved and I could bypass that weird floaty feeling I got when we were grounding. But it freaked me out; I felt once more like I had no gravity center, like I was just going to drift away.
Prep time: 5 minutes
It is hard to advocate for souls who’s words fall on deaf ears.
Is that what it shows, or does it show that people – not just those in the Tea Party – have lost faith in this President?
Barnes and Noble
On to my objection. Suppose that these studies were conducted not in the relative anonymity of a college campus in 1978 or 1982, but in a small town in, let's say, Germany or France, in 1678 or 1782. A man walks up to a woman, out of the blue, and propositions her. The answer to what would occur next is, I think, that he would be extremely fortunate to escape with his life. A woman in those places and times, and indeed in virtually every other place and time since the dawn of man, was normally under the protection of men, either her father and her brothers if she was young and/or unmarried, or her husband and his family if she was married. And all of these men would look quite askance at any man, much less a strange one, accosting their relative with a request for sex. Violence would be an entirely typical reaction. I would even go further in stating that even if a woman had no living relatives or was a spinster or widow, men in the community, likely to be related genetically, would not look kindly on the interloper.
By discussing a person who is in love with someone, invariably the discussion comes to their beloved. So by discussing those devoted to K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a one sets the scene for deep discussion of K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a.
Danae is dead in the film - OK, can live with that too. Parents can clog up the action. But the adult Perseus is apparently an American soldier with a buzzcut. In fact, he is Sam Worthington AGAIN, he of the Dances with Smurfs movie, Avatar (which I enjoyed far more). Is he going to be there every time I don those special glasses?
text from North Star Stamp
‘The cabin crew made things worse. They were all really panicked. We weren’t told anything other than we had to go back to Gatwick and make an emergency landing.
Come & play along in the challenge but only use any Teddy Bea image to be in for the chance to win!
Go The Keys
I have slowly come to appreciate this and am learning how feel the same sense of accomplishment from successfully executing a passport photo as I got from seeing Pip and Polly’s first steps. In the grand scheme of things, I think I had much more to do with the former than I did with the latter.
Returning to the hotel we enjoyed our twenty percent off dinner and then walked along the river until it was time for bed after repacking our panniers so that our Budapest clothes were easier to get at. There was also time to read about the Danube Bend that we would see the next day. Our time in Esztergom had been very pleasant and relaxing and now we were ready for the excitement of Budapest.
(Her mother was a woman of generous proportions, standing a few feet away with her legs wide apart and the camera to her eye. I did not admonish her for being a willing accomplice in her daughter’s outlandish project. We live in a peculiar age.)
The Style Compass inside 1st Dib's Introspective is first-hand look at stylesetters and tastemakers and part of this rich site that "is the world's leading on-line resource for antiques, 20th century design, fine and estate jewelry, and vintage couture and designer fashion".
Nadya
So I will not be crafting for at least one week plus or more, but will definitely be online whenever I am free. I hope it is not too early to wish you a great weekend and hope you have a good day wherever you are! Take care and be good everyone :) I'll see you soon! <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
The two bridges were built within a year of one another, with Deer Brook Bridge being built in 1925 and Chasm Brook bridge in 1926. The date stone on the Deer Brook Bridge was unique, the only one I’ve seen (or noticed) that is round. It’s a little tough to read in this photo, but you get the idea.
because being a mom.
Using emergency powered radios and working with local agencies, the hams will have only a few hours to create extensive radio communication networks which can be used should there be a failure or overload of normal services. The hams' ability to get back "on the air" quickly is critical following major incidents. In addition, the ham radio operators provide "interoperability". This means they can pass information between the many government and volunteer agencies which are needed in disasters but often have incompatible communication systems.
Once you've negotiated that minefield and you've got 40 kids at your house there's the party games. To be specific pass-the-parcel. Nowadays the host (ie a frantic mum half an hour before the party) is expected to wrap enough layers for everyone to get a chance to unwrap one. Then this farce is strictly controlled by some seriously excellent timing on the stereo by a very stressed out dad. Each layer must also have a prize in it. C'mon people life isn't fair, this is the time we are supposed to be teaching our kids about sportsmanship - It's not whether you win or lose it's how you play the game etc etc
An estimated 90 BILLION marine animals are killed worldwide each year. Too many people don’t believe that fish and other marine animals can feel pain. Maybe it’s because they can’t scream although their struggle to live is obvious.
We arrive on Long Street and head straight to the Women<U+0092>s Trading Post where Brittany had bought her painting the day before. Becca and Emily each fall in love with paintings as I explore the other offerings, finding nothing. Unfortunately the man who we had met the day before wasn<U+0092>t there and the woman couldn<U+0092>t seem to locate him via cell phone. (They seem to bargain through cell phones by calling their bosses). Disappointed the four of us go to leave the huge indoor market when we happen to bump into the owner and his brother, the painter himself. Ecstatic, we run back to the stall and the bargaining hits over drive. The three of them end up with large paintings as my mind wanders back to a necklace that I had held off of the day before, a three strand freshwater pearl necklace that I had put off incase I found something better (it was only 10 USD). We quickly head down the street towards Green Market Square, me with the idea of the necklace, Becca hoping for some more earrings and Brittany and Emily with paintings on their minds. When we arrive, we notice many stalls gone and many more packing up. We split up (its safe there-there are a TON of police), Becca coming with me (since she was wearing a different version of the necklace and could point to it to help me locate the stall) and Emily and Brittany heading off to find their loot.
The next clue we get it when Jamie forms a brief alliance with his cellmate, a man dressed as a Redcoat soldier who claims to be from 1745. We also get more anachronistic technology when General Smythe departs in a cupboard-like box which has materialised in his office. When Zoe shows them the hidden video screen in Smythe's office Carstairs and Lady Jennifer decide to go against orders and trust the Doctor, and his friends. Whilst escaping in Lady Jennifer's ambulance the group drive off, seem to disappear and then reappear elsewhere, only when the do, they turn to see a Roman charriot rushing towards them. And once again another layer of this intricate story is revealed.
We should be careful that we are not choosing for a money making ‘so called’ “Democracy” that is in favor of intrest and maximum gain profit, without counting the human factor. The freedom of Free speech is important for everybody. Even when we have to face that certain things we do not agree with are written so that everybody can read them. We should give everybody also the freedom to choose what they want to read and how they want to interpret it. Though we do agree there are certain limitations like pornographic material and extreme violence which should be filtered down.
I assembled the card as you see.
1. This Charming Man (Smiths)
It's a great place where you can link up with other moms, join groups and discussions, post your blogs so that more moms can see them, make your own groups, and generally support one another. It's a great site and I post my blogs there daily so that even more moms can see my posts.
“...part of being an Englishman is being white. Now I think that's reasonable, not just from my own experience, but it seems to me you don't get someone taking on the whole of a new culture when they come to a country.” (8)
“As a colleague,
I don't know if any of you readers have temper troubles like I do (and boy do I...), but this trick worked for me and insha'Allah I'll have luck with it again in the future. Just thought I'd share!
Normally, long threadlike structures called neurites extend from neuronal cell bodies and connect neuron to neuron in an organized pattern.
What I want to try is to use thin-set to literally tile with these and (depending on the tile pattern) insert some tile mosaic pieces (or anything!) for a pop of color or contrast, then grout and seal really well. You could also use them to "stamp" joint compound/cement mixture and then have a relief pattern to do with as you like: leave plain for texture, paint or fill in with a contrasting element! These are just some inspiration pics to show you where I'm headed here:
A typical medium level community order is defined on page 161 of the MCSG:
""Everyone has heard of YOUR obedience,
Long past the point where any other filmmaker would have thrown their hands into the air and declared the plot finished, that this had gone on too long, that they finally needed to get to where they needed to go, ENGAGEMENT pushes things just a little bit further, finding something more worthy of our emotions – whether that be humor, sadness, joy or all of them mixed together. Stoller and Segel find something real, and that makes this one of the most successful romantic comedies in some time.
Now these Re-Gifts can get you something you might actually want. The salesmen at my work gave me a $15 AMC movie theater gift card. I am the mother of a 2 month old, a trip to the movies is not likely to be in my future for a while. So I want to re-gift it to one of you lucky readers. In order to enter the contest, all you need to do tell me your Re-Gift story. Did you pass something on? Were you the recipient of the used gift? I wanna know about it! It can be a funny story, a disgusting story, or even a frugal tip on the best way to re-gift. You have until 1/31/11 to post your story. After that, a winner will be chosen via Random.org.
“Because of that one phone call, she is now no longer an irrelevant part of my past and I think all the perceived irrelevant things we see, do or sometimes think have some sort of impact, even if its just….. ‘just’….. on our character.”
Hair do ideas
I also want to mention the opening act, Graffiti 6. I had never heard them before (my kids had) although I had heard of them, and I absolutely fell in love. The lead singer’s voice had such wonderful purity and clarity, and his falsetto was amazing. The group’s harmonies was beautiful, and their songs were addictive and fun. My daughter bought the CD and got the lead singer’s autograph in the break between sets. And as she confirmed after she met him, “He’s British, which just automatically makes him cooler.”
Saturday......Gavin was feeling better and I needed to get some running around taken care of.
But in all fairness, I was here first.
MonStars on Broadway (Illuminate!, South FL)
Pours transparent copper-orange with a nominal, light ecru head that dissipates quickly and leaves a faint collar. Cascade hops dominate the aroma’s foreground with some caramel to the back. The taste surprisingly balances with sweet malt caramel and biscuity flavors then finishes with a middling hop presence that is citrus and pine that fades quickly leaving a lingering bitterness. The malt is not sticky or overly sweet; it is simply the dominant flavor. Smooth bodied with medium carbonation lend a dry finish.
Module 8 provides an in-depth exploration of service-orientation, service-oriented architecture and SOA design patterns, including those that relate to the Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) and Orchestration.
Since we’re casting these sort of evidence-free allegations about, you understand.
So, hop on twitter and Facebook and #spreadtheshadows. Let's get it trending! I will arrange some prizes for the top participators!
In taking the pulse, the Chinese therapist feels three pressure points along each wrist, first with light pressure and then with heavy pressure, for a total of 12 different pulses on both wrists. Each pulse is thought to indicate the condition of one of the 12 vital organs.
So amazing that at the end you made me cry
I was actually really impressed. Having seen Jenny Packham's bridalwear in the flesh (then sighed a hearty sigh because of its pricetag) I was dubious about reworking those luxurious designs into something that would look good at a highstreet price point. I expected something to be lost in translation. But it really does work! The dresses are classic and beautiful with gorgeous detailing and embellishment. I spotted at least three that I want to add to my wardrobe right now!
Back to the Future Part III
(Text Box comment Page 4)
I was supposed to be on editorial lockdown all week, and instead I haven't wanted to do anything but read the galley of Paranormalcy *someone* (Kiersten White. That's who it was. I'm just going to come out and say it so that everyone can heckle her) sent me! Unfortunately I am LITERALLY unable to concentrate on my life until I know what happens. Evil, evil, evil.
What if what was could still be what wasn’t?
auld eyes glittering
I gathered up everything I needed. “I’m going to take a bath,” I said. “You can never go down to the water when I’m down there. Are we clear on that?” (Anna)
Damn girl, you so fine, I want to put steak sauce on you and serve you on a platter. (Okay, maybe not this one.)
Granted, a bird’s nest is no big deal around here. They have arranged themselves in many odd places, but never the toy bin. I checked it out, it seemed empty so I discarded it on the ground and went about my work. At the grand finale of my porch cleaning (after driving around in the ATV for a bit — I get distracted easily) I finally got around to sweeping the patio. Sweep, sweep, sweep. I look over in the grass and think, “What the heck is that?” At first I thought some giant spider or bug was in the nest (I have bad eyes) it turned out to be 5 baby birds! Crap. I run to my husband and tell him about the misfortune of these “dead” little birdies. After his refusal to deal with the birds, I begrudgingly headed back to scoop them up and discard them. Double crap! They were still alive!! Now what? I have completely destroyed their nest and now I am gonna end up killing them because their Mama bird won’t be able to find them. (Insert extreme guilt and panic and maybe I almost cried).
Let make our love a miracle/ a great great love.
And when the snow falls you're found in St. Moritz
Now he wants to count everything like his toes, chickens in a book, ducks on the pond, and his boots etc!
He saw
Etro Messe de Minuit
Awed, I lowered my head, pulled the flier out of my pocket, and handed it to her. She nodded, and led from the foyer into a room full of lit candles, burning incense, and lave lamps. Hanging on one wall was a black velvet painting of a wizard seated on a unicorn, his magic wand doubling as a riding crop. In the middle of the room was a small table with a crystal ball. I sat on one side, Madame Imelda on the other. She held out her hand, and I gave her the ten dollars. She turned away and beckoned,
Dealing with Ghosts
I always think I know easily but then I analyse it more closely and find that nine times out of ten my ideal world is actually not what I really want.
Intern
Words you never told me,
No, to fight Al Qaeda and win, we need to use ideals -- ideals that are superior to the ideology of Al Qaeda.
I keep forgetting to take pictures of the garden, but here are some flowers in a bouquet, that are blooming now.
All in all , a very well planned and great metal concert. Thanks to the organizers for bringing in Arch Enemy to Malaysia. Definitely will attend more concerts!
08. All Day And All Of The Night (reprise)/Stop Your Sobbing/
Our brains use different pathways to process things - even things as similar as reading off a screen and reading off a page.Read all your stuff off a screen, and the pathways used to comprehend words off a page? Begin to shut down.
Considering that this was the biggest turn out for one of the block trips yet, I was very happy that there was going to be something to see. Now we just needed the all clear from the Principle that the recent poor weather had cleared up enough for kayaking, if it hadn’t then he wouldn’t let us out … when we arrived in Makino the weather was overcast and the water was a little choppy, but ‘thumbs up’, we were cleared to go.
11. Down Down Down
1. We were being careful.
Oh zebra stars shine on thee
He does this by mercilessly destroying her with sharp, pointed, cutting words, breaking her faith and dropping her to the floor, shattered and crying.
Osprey Beach: I’ve dubbed this sandy spot on the lake Osprey Beach because it seems like the perfect place to watch for the trail’s namesake bird. Regardless of which direction you’re headed on the trail, it appears suddenly from out of the forest, presenting a dramatic lake view unobstructed by low hanging branches. Once on the beach, you’ll find that it is wide and deep, and roughly elliptical in shape. A fallen tree makes a great place to stop and have lunch or take a water break while enjoying the breeze and view of Lake Townsend. (Approximately 15 minutes walking time from Church Street parking lot.)
Perhaps the fitness I’ve developed over the past weeks helped me. But the uphill sections I anticipated with dread were a breeze.
This album was released October 25, 2010 (old news I know), but being the super freak that I am, I had to go to Wal-Mart at 12 a.m. and be the first person in my little town to hold it in my hands (which of course I was). Actually, I'm certain the Wal-Mart associate thought I was crazed. When I arrived at the music section it was no where to be found, but I knew better than this (hint hint I've done this before). I stalked down an associate who tried to convince me it wasn't out yet, but she very quickly realized I was not leaving without it and made the call to another associate. A tall lanky boy walked out with a box full of her cds and I couldn't help myself, a huge "YES" escaped me and verified to the woman that I was actually insane.
Most places in the itinerary were museums and there will be entrance fees so we decided not to visit them and go straight to Monas Monument.
It could not be possible, in their thinking that God would set them aside and give credence to the much-hated Gentiles. After all, they had God’s name. The name of the nation was Israel, meaning prince of God. That last syllable, el, was God’s name, Elohim. They were secure for they were God’s own people.
I had intended to do a piece on carbon capture, but that will have to wait until later today. What diverts the attention is a report that the EU referendum debate is to be brought forward to Monday.
Step 9) I used Staz-On in Jet Black to stamp a sentiment from Inkadinkado's Warm Holiday Wishes.
There are dozens, nay hundreds, well probably thousands, of women who have had just one child, and have struggled to get their figure back. I know what they are going through. I would LOVE to hear from them. This is the beginning of my journey to get fit after giving birth.
22 THE US owes the United Nations $1bn in unpaid dues. Yet it spends the same amount on its military pro gramme every 23 hours.
I don't think I actually knew this information at first, as I re-pinned the photo from someone else - the fun and the curse of Pinterest, at least if you are needing original sources!
5. Volunteer more. I love to volunteer, but have found my lack of time, motivation, or a cause that is near and dear to me keeping me from doing it more often. So, I vow to find time, motivation, and a cause and get busy.
Meanwhile, on the way back to the train station, I stopped at the Morrisons to get a few bits for tea. I came across one of the kiddie mags in clear plastic that contained some goodies. One of those was a foam set of Numberjacks numbers! Ryan was ecstatic when I showed him at home. He started counting with them right away!
So the choice before voters is someone who will uphold Oregon law – or someone who makes campaign promises not to enforce the law in order to get votes. I don’t believe the AG gets to make unilateral decisions about which laws to enforce and not enforce. The voters and the legislature expect you to uphold all state laws.
Of course this meant that we also had to select a functional rug for the foyer (the large rug in the photo below) as well as the dining room (the banded sisal which you have seen here).
3) Rick Santorum: 21.7% (15 votes)
List five things that push your buttons?
<U+2665> to cuddle at bedtime
Wanting to leave a legacy in this world.
Juliette Binoche, Code Unknown
The ‘fixed fare’ is ten Baht for as far as you like to go on the route, even though some drivers will endeavour to trick more out of you if you go a long distance. Thais pay five Baht. If you do not feel confident enough to predict where the bus is going, you could get on one of the thousands of motorbike taxis.
It started snowing around 11:00 and since we haven't seen hardly any this year (so weird) we all ran like little kids (well, Pup and his friend Doug did anyway) to look at it.
Here's how to do it:
Combine flour(s), cocoa, baking soda, and salt in small bowl. Beat butter, white sugar and corn syrup until creamy. Beat in egg.
Main Engine Cutoff. Second stage separation. Second stage burn started.
First, my Aunt commented on my last post. "You don't actually have to "give up" something for the entire period, such as candy, meat, booze, etc., in fact it is more important to think about something different every single day that you do as a sacrifice. This may mean passing on the double-double at Timmy's or Starbuck's and sacrificing in God's name, or it could mean, sacrificing 1 hour of you free time to do something important (and nice) for someone else; the sacrifice is in the giving up of your time... This might mean taking an elder out to get groceries, mowing an elderly neighbour's lawn, visiting the infirm or elderly in hospital or a nursing home, helping out a new mom, stuff that you normally think you don't really have the time to do. Those are all considered sacrifices, which you do willingly, thoughtfully and in the name of your Creator, to honour the role He plays in your life, or to remind you of the sacrifice He made by giving His son up to the cross... It made it more alive and involved, somehow, to actively and daily choose how we could make a sacrifice that day in God's name that would MAKE A DIFFERENCE..."
The first night of any tour is always the most nerve wracking. Have we rehearsed enough? Is the kit going to behave itself? Can I remember all my parts? Can I remember my own name?......
Garfield can have his Mondays — I work from home, so the start of the work week is basically when I want it to be.
But if I had the answer
This is a more complicated premise, because, well… there are some horrific movies out there, and it’s very difficult to make the argument that Titanic, a movie with undeniable technical prowess, and clear talent can be worse than a movie like Manos: Hands of Fate, or Plan Nine from Outer Space. Both measurably bad movies.
Last night, I was unable to complete my run due to a later exit from the office and a meet up with a couple of my pals.
and mismatched Pj’s enclosed goose-pimpled
Rosen's comments have sparked an uproar among Republicans, who have called on Democratic National Committee chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz to apologize on Rosen's behalf for the comments, which they're casting as an "affront to mothers everywhere."
One way to ensure that your kids are more of a "pleasure reader" type is to try and read as a family. I have to twist arms and legs sometimes to get this to happen, and I admit that we aren't the picture-perfect family when it comes to read-alouds and family devotionals, but the point is to keep trying!
My healing process isn’t something static. I will change continuously, and so will my feelings. T helped me get on track. T started this process, or perhaps it was a combined effort – either way, I started on this journey. I don’t necessarily notice the progress I have made, but the proof is in the pudding. I have altered my behavioural pattern greatly since I first started out. I no longer act out, something that is probably the biggest and most important difference.
Christmas is all about One special Child. I’d like to tell you about another child—actually 1 million of them. That’s the number of children who are sold into sex trafficking every year. Some of them are just 4 years old. They’re in your city and mine.
- Who do you most want to punch in the eye?
that’s how I’m bound to you
Jeddah is a city with an interesting mix of the ancient and the thoroughly modern and has a charm all its own. It is a melting pot of sorts, a unique place to live with inhabitants from all over the world. Jeddah is steeped in tradition and rich in culture yet leads the way in welcoming and accepting the outside world. I look forward to discovering more of this fascinating place and sharing my findings with you.
The time for the appointment came around. The receptionist was lovely. I hardly even waited five minutes before I was called in. The dentist was a lovely, tiny lady. I told her that my tooth had broken, that I had panicked at first, but as the week passed and it didn't hurt, and I didn't cut my tongue or cheek on the sharp bit, I had come to the conclusion that it wasn't too drastic. She had a look. In 20 seconds she knew exactly what she was going to do. I could see her mind processing so efficiently. She told me she was filling it in, and applied the anaesthetic with much reassurance and soothing. She worked quickly and confidently and kept telling me I was doing well. The whole procedure, four layers of the filling and polishing it up, took no more than twenty minutes. I told her my secret to being a good dental patient. Here it is. Imagine a world without dentists.
Maybe I’m blessed or lucky to have grown up with a family who supported local sports team, the Indiana Pacers and the Indianapolis Colts, and cursed that I fell into a family whom were Yankees fans. (Don’t get me wrong…I’m still a HUGE Yankees fan and going to NYC/Yankee Stadium in Mid May, but its a doozy traveling to see the boys play. Well worth it though. Makes for an even greater experience sometimes.) ((Sorry so many tangents!))
So make sure you check back throughout the day!
After running a total of half a mile for the calibration, I then ran 2 miles at a 6:55 pace!! Perfect!!!
Full Details of the posts are at:
Publisher: Tyndale House
But my novel is a journey and the school is only one of the several worlds that Gemma inhabits. She grows up, much more quickly than I did, and is forced to earn her own living which leads to adventures good and bad.Learn more about the book and author at Margot Livesey's website and Facebook page.
Yesterday was my first full day in Vegas. While waking up at 6am to answer East Coast emails after only 5 and a half hours of sleep was pretty miserable, I have to say that I am actually enjoying being here. I think what I am enjoying most about it (besides the whole not sitting in my cubicle for 9+ hrs a day) is that for the most part, everyone here is in such a great mood. Everywhere you look there is a smiling face, a group of friends laughing, or someone slapping high fives after a win at the black jack table. Even though I spent 14+ hours working today, I ended the day feeling energized and happy because of all the excitement around me.
There’s a lot of shit we don’t say. There’s a lot of shit we shouldn’t be saying. We process information constantly and I for one do not want a running commentary of what everyone thinks of me when they lay eyes on me. I mean let’s face it: how many people a day do you see whom you think wear only nice clothes, you find their personality utterly charming and everything about them is just wonderful? I see a lot of people I may like, or even love, but that doesn’t mean I like their clothes, or hairstyle, or whatever. At the same time I can find it charming because it’s so them, it just doesn’t make it so me.
Just because it’s healthy doesn’t mean you need to have slave over a stove for hours on end. In fact, some of the best meals for you can be cooked in a crock pot. You might have been hesitant to try this method because it seems like everything would come out mushy and bland. That certainly doesn’t need to
They found 11 out of 12 trolley mattresses were stained and two had a 'foul odour'.
But if you love this sort of thing -as I do, with all my heart - then enjoy. And I love "Eponine."
As the Worts start to lead the three unsold slaves
Honesty and common sense; they’re not hard, Mr. G.
Most of the above are on my agenda… I even saw some water butts today, measured them and found a good location for them. Instead of taking the next natural step in parting with cash we walked away and bought some seeds and now have a garden deck area littered with brightly coloured pots. Soon to be full of floating seeds. Now we patiently await the dry season…. Regarding that four letter word, Work, my job hunt continues… steadily and surely.
Washington gov Gregiore: (360)902-4111
I'm just done with it. I'm done feeling like a failure when I grow my entire garden from organic, open-pollinated, heirloom seeds purchased from reputable local farmers and seed banks EXCEPT for my tomatoes which I buy as successfully hardened off seedlings ready to go right into my garden to grow 50+ pounds of fruit per plant for me.
Below are some examples of different types of shop fittings you may want to consider and their possible uses.
Fly-fishing holiday ahead! who cares if the signpost is skew..
Folk singer/songwriter who co-authored The Tofu Tollbooth, a guide to finding veg-friendly cuisine on the road.
Just make sure your personal interests don’t overshadow professional accomplishments. Being “the guy who ran a marathon” is fine, but being “the guy who is always training and traveling to marathons so we can never reach him when we need him” is not.
And it took me two weeks of intense and exhausting work to suddenly have an epiphany of what my book is about. I had thought about all kinds of different themes - truth, love, validation, hope, etc. But then today it hit me, my book is about FREEDOM! It's about being free from the prison of abuse, the prison of the aftermath of abuse, which can last a lifetime. And only you can make the choice of breaking free of that prison, to release the shame by speaking your truth. I'm beginning to realize that writing this book, may just open up a prison for me too.
Or as Stan Hieronymus said when we first started talking about the Session Beer Project back in 2007:
As Time Goes By
Claire Kilroy, Financial Times
Indeed, compliance with the certification against forum shopping is separate from, and independent of, the avoidance of forum shopping itself. Thus, there is a difference in the treatment – in terms of imposable sanctions – between failure to comply with the certification requirement and violation of the prohibition against forum shopping. The former is merely a cause for the dismissal, without prejudice, of the complaint or initiatory pleading, while the latter is a ground for summary dismissal thereof and constitutes direct contempt.
him: First let me thank you for expressing yourself with a truthful opinion I’m not offended or angry as a women you see fault in my behavior and you are making a assessment without the facts.What you fail to understand is a man who has sacrifice and given his all to keep his family in a comfortable lifestyle over a consistent period of time develops hormones issues.This stems from work, T.V and everyday activity.Some men deal with it differently some drink do drugs go to strip clubs or prostitutes.I choose to continue to be me because I’m not a hypocrite or a low self esteem man.I approach good women of strong character because they can challenge my intelligence and argue their point in a logical and respectful description.I know there are good women who were hurt by there mates or husband and would feel bias about my technique of adultery.I’m not a dog who when in heat goes running I’m a professional and so is my wife we graduated from college and been with each other since kids.The truth is my dear there are some men who have given there wives more than any man could ever possibly duplicate because of consistency.I never had and affair before but I’m at a point where good single educated women will not ignore my pursuit of them because they will understand what they are getting.You have single women who have been lied to by married men and then dumped because some immature men play games.I ‘m a grow man I’m not about BS my life at home is a foundation that can not be broken its not to take my wife for granted but she is educated and spiritually grounded.If she was to ever experience the hardship of her husband sleeping with another women her first impression would be what kind of women did I sleep with.Any real man who respects his wife will not sleep with a women of low standards or opposite of her character.I don’t feel good about what I’m doing but I can assure you the women who allows me to fill her void because she is tired of finding losers will appreciate this man.I can’t promise her nothing but what the characteristic of a good man lives by.I hope you have some what of a better understanding of why us men do the things we do and your heart can mend from anyone who broke your heart if that’s the case.You take care and be well because this brother loves you. kev
Have a joyful day to all my readers!!!
Welcome back to the last day of the A-Z Blog Challenge. This April has been the Letters of Gratitude. Some of you have stopped by every day. I owe you a badge! Others are new friends we have picked up along the way. Very excited to have all of you, both old and new friends.
Economic growth is an increase in the total output of the economy often measured as the percent rate of increase in real gross domestic product, or real GDP. Growth is calculated in real terms in order to address the effect of inflation on the prices of the goods and services produced. If output rises faster than population growth, then output per person (or per capita) rises and the standard of living increases.
19 Bigmouth Strikes Again
Here are the photos from Monday.
My hopes are ice, my desire a flame...
That’s why I thought I’d start a new weekly feature! From now until the end of December, we’ll be celebrating Thankful Thursdays. Every Thursday, I’ll list the things I’m most thankful for that week. I’d love for you to join me, and list what you’re most appreciative of that week as well.
I have a lot of places to visit in the Marais already, from small museums like the Cognacq-Jay to shops like Mariage Frères (where I'll be buying kilos of red and green tea) and Le Jardin Moghul. In addition to these, there are all the new stores and cafés to explore, and I almost don't want to over-think this section of the trip--who knows what delight will be around the corner as long as I'm actively looking. Still, there are a small number of shops I'm determined to visit, such as COS, at 4 rue des Rosiers, and Voyages (a dépôt-vente), at 82 rue Saint-Louis en l'Île. Would you have any other recommendations given my taste in clothes and food?
On the other side of the kitchen (the side you see when you walk into the room) we have two hanging wire baskets for miscellaneous items like coupons, magazines, baby monitor, bug repellent, chalk, etc.
Atheism does not call for any separate discussion. It is in itself purely negative. It affirms nothing. It simply denies what Theism asserts.
Overcome the odds
His sigh pressed through me. “I know, but I don’t want to think about that.”
The joy and disbelief
I can remember the day I brought each baby home from the hospital.
1 - 2 tbsp olive oil
It’s that time of year again, gentle reader, when it is my duty to let you hear a few gems that did not make it through their national qualifying heats and therefore will not be gracing the stage of the Crystal Hall in Baku, if they build it on time. It’s been a good year, although perhaps not a great one, for the National Finals. I’m going to start of with an absolute classic. Petter Øien and Bobby Bare got into the final four in Norway with their simple country song, Things Change. It stands out not only because of the different genre, but also because it’s a fine old tune. If Bobby Bare had made it to Baku, he would have been 77 years old; that young whippersnapper Engelbert Humperdinck would be in short trousers by comparison.
Iceland ranks: 1st (15.6 years)
Indulging “sensitives”
1- Express gratitude and link back the person giving you the award....
One of the most common questions I get as an unschooler is “can you get into college or university?”. Another big one is “so what are you doing now?” since I’m one of these mythical grown unschoolers, and people are always really interested in hearing my answer to that.
Correction. I've spent most of the day watching a ball floating on water (with the occasional duck visitor) and was given the job of calling the kids when anything interesting happened (which it didn't for about 8 hours).
I am actually rather surprised this didn’t make ‘The Orange Longlist’ this year but it was one of the Waterstones 11 and has been picked up by Richard and Judy latest book club (and might just have been submitted for another award – I think I can share that with you, oops maybe not) so I am sure it will be getting much more attention and it deserves it. It is definitely one to read if you loved ‘One Day’ by David Mitchell, as I mentioned, and also if you like the bittersweet. Which debut novel have you read recently which has rather bowled you over? Has anyone else read ‘When God Was A Rabbit’ and what did you think?
As for whether this plan would also constitute ethnic cleansing: Well, when you
9. Is there a creator?
He recently completed his 3,000th concert of his long career.
Once your pie crust is full thawed, lay it in your pie pan. Give the rim a little decorative pinch if you feel inclined to make it a little fancier. Distribute the veggies evenly around the bottom of the dish. Gently pour the filling over the veggies. Cut or crumble your feta cheese (I crumbled mine) and drop it into the filling as evenly spaced as you can make it. And again, feel free to adjust the amount of cheese you want in your quiche. I love cheese, and the feta I had was super fresh, made on a nearby farm, so I put lots in my quiche!
500NT pp (1000NT total) for a stay in the Japanese-style tatami mat rooms. A/C and access to public hotsprings included. Basic bedding provided for you to spread out on the floor. Breakfast extra for ~120NT pp. A very touristy area, the place was pretty busy. It’s out of the way, but cheap and comfortable enough.
Last night I had a spark of genius! Genius I say! After a moment of “I sure hope this works” Chicken crusted with nuts. Yeah, that’s not new. But it was mixed nuts. Emerald Sweet and Salty Cinnamon Sugar Roasted nuts. Yeah, really hoped it would work. And ooo boy it did. Had it on a salad with cranberries and Strawberry Vinaigrette. It was delicious plain. And I bet it’d be great with rice or meifun and some peppers and other veggies for something Thai. And it want it, now.
They found the sanctuary desolate, the altar desecrated, the gates burnt, weeds growing in the courts as in a thicket or on some mountain, and the priests’ chambers demolished.
We started developing a friendship after working together daily. He would sing oldies songs, I would complain to him about my boyfriend. We would joke around about the current movie Kmart was playing on the big screen. We even hung out after work sometimes. ( Totally platonic because I had a boyfriend at the time!) We went to see the movie Collateral Damage one evening after work. I remember thinking Leif wasn't so weird after all. Well, except for the fact that his name was Leif Hightree, but that's another story! The next day my boyfriend and I broke up......totally unrelated! But after I told Leif, he for sure thought he had a part in it!
In response to my last question on CSIR’s revenue sharing policies with its employees, we were given a copy of some guidelines on the point. The guidelines however seem to govern only consultancy or third-part funded research. This would basically cover the Patent Office-CSIR agreements for recruiting patent examiners and conducting prior art research. A part of this money from the Patent Office deals goes directly to CSIR employees. The guidelines do not seem to cover the transfer of royalties from public funded research. The Indian version of the Bayh-Dole Bill is likely to cover this aspect. However given the lack of transparency at CSIR, I would think that the Government may want to add additional safeguards to the draft version of the Bill.
Yeah, we have more disembodied heads on beheaded bodies, placed at odd angles on an artificial surface which completely ignores human physics and sand displacement. But what sets THIS one apart? The gigantic, inhuman smile on Bill H. Macy's face. I know this is out of the ordinary for me to do this, but I just gotta prove this one to you.
You will blaze through life a flaming sun,
After the story, I stated that we can often learn important lessons from stories and asked what they thought this story could be teaching. A four-year old boy, raised his hand and when I called on him, said, “This story is telling us that it is very important to be ourselves.”
According to Kodava text, the 2500 year-old civilization of the Kodavas has evolved from a synthesis of people that originally lived in the region of today’sOman &Yemen, and had migrated around the fifth century BC.
On Easter Sunday, Billy will be six months old!! I do worry more about him than I did with the other babies I'm sure. He's my sixth, so I should be all calm and relaxed, but I don't feel it. Billy is such a laid back baby, he smiles and gurgles and grabs my finger and hair and shoves them in his mouth. But he doesn't touch his toes and he doesn't roll over and he's no where near being able to sit up unaided. His head is still a little wobbly and his back needs supporting when he's on my lap. He loves his bouncy chair though and can get a good old rhythm going by waving his little arm up and down. He's as sharp as a needle when he sees someone walking in the room and turns his head immediately and recognises all the people he loves. But I worry. Should he be touching his toes by now? Rolling over? Heck, Minnie was crawling at this stage, but then again, Rosie didn't walk till she was over two years old!! But Rosie was my first baby, I didn't know any different and didn't worry at all!! Babies walk in their own time don't they? I've lost confidence along the way.
But you know what, she was just as loving and respectful as Ashley and Heather.
"Kelly, Kelly, where's Stella? What happened to her? We're did she go? Who was that?"
3. A screaming comes across the sky. —Thomas Pynchon, Gravity's Rainbow (1973)
The first sound that I'm aware of, is the monotone British voice of a DJ, that early sparking and falsely, white teeth kind of disk jockey.
Actually I don't even have time to write right now.
Giving the gift of Scentsy will remind her each day how special she is by filling her home with the fragrance your sure she will love! To ensure your package arrives on time I would order no later then May 7th. Contact me for specials not listed on my website.
Don’t leave the door open too long when taking food out. The longer the door is open, the more cold air escapes, and the more energy is needed to restore the temperature again.
I love Paris. I love my job. I love my husband. I love my friends. I love my family. I love my life. Not in that order.
The Old Post Office Pavilion is one of those places that you need to “get to before it is gone.” Not that the building is going anywhere, but what is being floated now is having Donald Trump renovate it into a luxury hotel. No, really, that is the plan. For right now though you can go in and enjoy the huge, soaring space and all of the “castle” like details both inside and out.
“Please sheath your finger and moderate your tone of voice!” I demanded in a firm whisper.
So it’s not at all surprising that men who take the med can end up battling severe and lasting sexual dysfunction. The only surprise here is that these side effects aren’t even more common than what’s been reported so far (and remember, no man likes to admit to sex problems — so the reported numbers could very well be just the tip of the iceberg).
Here is the complete lineup in case you get lost along the way.
Michael Forest, with 229 credits, is still acting today, and, has a project now in post called MONDO HOLOCAUSTO! Last year he played a judge in THE SCARLET WORM. Here, he plays ski instructor, Gil Jackson.
This is the kind of job to have. Be elected to maintain and improve our Nation, get swamped by letters and blogs and broadcasters from the great majority of Americans pleading with you to attend to the problems, blame each other for doing nothing, and go home to campaign for office again. On top of that, you get paid pretty well to do all of this.
What are the obstacles to success?
Over the years, through experiments in landscape photography, I noticed a few things. This is for sharing.
to flow again as it did then when prayers were ended with “amen”.
‘slick water fracking’ ‘knickers! Tragic flaw’
PITTSBURGH, April 24, 2012 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ –The PNC Financial Services Group today announced that its Board of Directors has elected William S. Demchak president of the corporation and its principal banking subsidiary, PNC Bank, National Association. Read More
RB: Vick Ballard, Mississippi State
“Oh good.” Her mind was heady as the protester tried to get in a word edgewise. Between the chit chat and the protester’s interjections, she had trouble making sense of the pictures. Then it dawned on her: they were of fetuses.
by Jean Felice Eilbert (his mother)
BURN HOLY
*New* Flavicon:
This book is mostly set in & around Melbourne, one of the most southern metropolitan city and therefore, due to wind direction, one of the last to die. The story opens on New Year’s Day with the expected TOD (Time of Death) being sometime in September. We follow a number of characters with their own way of coping with this certainty of a messy death within a few months.
As a nation, we ought to be embarrassed at our collective ignorance. And as a nation, we ought to fight for programs like the one in was shut down in Arizona.
The number 55 vs. Edgar Renteria (Cardinals)
Suicune is the 3rd of the legendary beasts (in Pokedex order), unlike Raikou or Entei, it doesn’t roam. It’s the mascot Pokemon of Pokemon Crystal, appearing on the box. One of the characters, Eusine, is obsessed with Suicune; he’s been chasing after it for a long time. So I wonder if he’s jealous that you end up catching it, haha.
I reviewed Death of a Superhero and Rubberneck for Slant Magazine, wrote a bit about Cut in a recent blog post, and will try to say something about The Fourth Dimension and Jackpot in an upcoming post. So watch this space, as the young kids say...
To all the companies that are giving back, thank you and thank you Sir Ray Avery for your words of Wisdom.
¼ tsp. almond extract
Now, I do try to tackle the things that need attention and I do desire my home to be clean, presentable and comfortable, but on the other hand I don't mind a nice lived-in look either. I'm going to clean and straighten up before Mom comes but I'm not going to kill myself or make my kids ragged before grandma comes either. So I will do my best, then put on my rose-colored glasses to my home and enjoy the time with my guest.
Like hummus. And pita. And carrot sticks. Altogether of course. ‘Nuf said.
1.Because I would absolutely nothing new to say e.g. Jane Eyre. If you haven't read it then you must, its brilliant. But nothing I could say about it would be anything particularly new. If I had hated it then I would have reviewed it for sure!
Bingo! We had a winner.
knew the words to the song Serenata Rap and sang at the top of their lungs
And as for me, I'll just eat my sour grapes by myself-- that is if I could only find a chair.
God comes not too soon or too late.
eyes weeping against the curvature
If kids not interested or stuck in one place, give them a break, come back later
Fate can't be this cruel; to bring us so close together only to tear us apart. No, Neil cannot be drunk. I needed to tell him something, didn't I? I tried to revive him.
At the Great Bay Half Marathon in New Market, NH I wore my New Balance MR993s. This is a cool race that goes through the woods and on some dirt roads and along the coast. It’s just a nice race. About half way through the race I noticed that my feet felt tired. After a few more miles they hurt. I figured I was still recovering from a 20 mile long run in my old Brooks shoes which also made my feet hurt. This was a week before Boston so I didn’t push for a PR. The hills on this course are notorious and I didn’t want to tear up my legs on them.
Bill McCarthy — Professor of Sociology
When I read laments about the white farmers, I remember the story that when some of our area (altitude 6500 feet) was rezoned for white farms, the people were sent to an area which was only 3000 feet in altitude....and a couple dozen ended up dying of cerebral malaria.
It may be just a shrub, but Corylus avellana has played a significant part in the changing landscape of the Weald and the industrial development of the British Isles. The Weald has a unique combination of the requirements for producing iron that allowed it to become a major iron producing area from pre-Roman times until the Industrial Revolution shifted iron production northwards: iron ore in the sandstone geology, clay to produce bricks for furnaces, streams to power the mills that drove bellows and furnace in the forge; but also extensive woodlands (the name Weald derives from the Old English word for ‘forest’) that provided the necessary charcoal. A variety of species were cut to feed the charcoal kilns (including Ash, Oak and Alder), but because of its abundance and quick regrowth once coppiced, Hazel was a favoured species. The ‘coppice-with-standards‘ method of woodland management, whereby a shrubby understorey, often of Hazel, is cut regularly but on a shorter cycle than the ‘standards’ (e.g. Oak, Ash) that are allowed to grow on to produce timber, is what has given the woodlands of the Weald their character and structure. It should be remembered, however, that much woodland was cleared for agriculture such that what remains is somewhat fragmented.
Personally, I feel that the terms 'right-wing' and 'left-wing' are antiquated and simply not applicable to modern politics. Take, for example, the English Defence League, who are also castigated by the media as being 'far-right' - despite the fact they have Sikh, Jewish and gay 'divisions'. Excluding their opposition to Islamic extremism, they are exponents of multiculturalism. Yet, if one looks at extremist Islamic societies like Somalia, in which a teenage rape victim was stoned to death for adultery, one has to wonder why opposition to such an illiberal ideology is considered 'far-right'? The answer is that it is simply a slur used to stigmatise those groups that are a threat to the status quo.
On January 16, just a little over midnight I was awakened with Don McLean’s name. Dazed and confused, I could not recall who Don McLean was. Still wondering about the name, I involuntarily sang the ‘American Pie’ chorus in my mind, thus, I remembered. I asked “What about him?” Then I panicked as a strong thought hit me- that America is coming close to her end!
Me: So "fart" means happy?
Straight-laced and fairly conservative Lauren Conrad is the last person we thought would be rocking the oh so trendy dip dyed look but hey stranger things have happened. Lauren showed up to her book signing at Barnes & Noble sporting a hot pink color on the bottom part of her hair that we absolutely adore along with her signature cat-eye liner.
The group challenge this week takes place at Patina restaurant in Los Angeles, a Michelin star winning restaurant. They aren’t eating there, though; they are in charge of running the restaurant for the night. Tracy and Suzy won the last challenge, so they get to pick their teams. Tracy headed up the Blue Team with Adrien and Jennifer, while Suzy picked Ben and Christian to be on the Red Team.
JWT - Thompson Social is privileged to have been behind this prestigious, pioneering endeavour.
It was probably later the next day when I was thinking about the conversation and I thought of the word hospital and that it is part of the word hospitality. I love hospitality! I mean, whether I’m guest or host, there is nothing like good hospitality. So what was the person in charge of words thinking when they named a hospital a hospital? What were they thinking? I should have their job.
When people talk about art though, they tend to reflect on their favorite artists rather than examining how or why their art is meaningful. Let's take a moment to look at the three things most often depicted in D&D: monsters, characters, and dungeons.
Unfulfilled because instead of waking in the morning and meeting with my creator...I log onto Facebook.
These journal entries are designed to give idea of the German EBM/Industrial/Metal/Rock scene to the few readers of my blog.
I used two different freezer jam pectins. The one on the left you add sugar too and the one on the right has the sugar included. I can't really tell the difference. I had the one on hand and the other was what the store had. There is a price difference, but if you figure that you don't have to add the sugar, then it probably evens out.
When exploring the symbolism of Alice’s eating and drinking of unusual substances in Wonderland, for instance, The Initiation of Alice sets up an analogy between the reception of the Holy Eucharist and the imbibing of psychedelic mushrooms.
Latest Releases – Individual songs and stories:
As we pulled out into a clearing of open water, we suddenly saw waves in front of the canoe rise into a torpedo-like shape. The streamlined form glided near the top of the surface, catching us all with a mixture of surprise and reserved fear. Picking up speed, the waves torpedoed mere feet from the bow of our canoe and what we saw caught us with excitement.
You could find me every day
Please feel free to check them out and offer your feedback, because as a "newbie" to writing Poetry I appreciate any feedback or tips that you might offer.
Now, let's see...what does this button do?...
But enough about me, for now at least, what have I missed?
“An 11-year-old boy with no credit card had been able to access websites that presented every possible kind of perversion. Today’s pornography is vile beyond description,” she wrote. Scenes of violence, sadism, degradation of women and child abuse were common among the material stored on Charlie’s computer.
I’d REALLY like to morph the voice quality of the VM605 with the automatic disconnect functionality of the ST3. That’d get CLOSE to the functionality of the old snap in Kyocera.
There are moments when I really, truly, do not care what my neighbors think. That happened to be one of them. I’m pretty sure they heard me at least two streets over.
Things are more controlled here in Weston. I will celebrate the 10 AM Mass in the community and then walk all the way across the driveway to my room. Later this week I will head to Plymouth for the Triduum and return on Easter Monday.
Not quite finished with the photos from wandering around Alloa looking at where breweries once were.
values of inflation we find a negative but not significant effect of
I especially love that Steve (TV legend Ian Ziering) is on the list twice and 1 of those times he’s with OSCAR WINNER Hilary Swank.
In fact, it's a horrible idea.
Instead, I've felt the need to comment on the meaninglessness of a suggested gesture. And, you know, show the world (or my 11 readers) that I'm just an insensitive dick. Whatever.
the annual Teens’ Top Ten Books list and for Vermont’s Dorothy Canfield Fisher Award. Laura is a faculty member at Solstice, a low-residency MFA in Creative Writing Program at Pine Manor College, and she teaches writing and literature at Pacem Learning Community, a learning center for homeschoolers. You can visit
We living here on earth are called the Church Militant for a reason, and that reason is that we are at war with Hell. Yes, the war has been won, but every war has casualties. Time has not played out, and the casualty list is growing larger and larger. How many have already been lost because we have been living in a feel-good age we don't want to be reminded of such unpleasentries? We've not done ourselves any favors with all the nicey-nice hand holding. Too many of us Catholics don't know our faith, which means that too many of us don't understand our enemy.
We stopped in hahndorf this morning, very interesting museum there about the first waves of german settlers to colonise the hills around mount barker, then to birdswood to the national motor museum. I don't think Bridget was as excited as I was, but she did her best and managed to find a few cars she liked, mostly Austins of various shapes and sizes (a30, a40, a50, 7...) And morris's. Morrisi? I'm not sure on the plural. I loved the motorbike section. Amazing! And what a ride through the hills, lots of twisty roads to negotiate, but all in good condition, no worrying about potholes!
Hedge Funds are reviled in the United States for their role in the U.S. economic crisis, but their activities in developing countries, especially in Sub Saharan Africa has been limited — until a few years ago.
Marie Bell Un Carnet de Bal
5) The period feel of it was cool for a super hero movie.
That’s why the building of the movement has to go hand in hand with common struggle, debate and radical democracy. It’s how we will create genuine solutions that have legitimacy. And that is what is occurring down at Wall Street.
At some unknown time in the Anglo-Saxon age, the site of Newcastle came to be known as Monkchester. During this time, a cemetery was established on the site of the Roman castle.
Turn and see
7) All of the prophets “SINCE the world began” spoke of the restitution of all things (the millennium or the coming kingdom age). Acts 3:21, and Acts 3:24. When that time arrives the twelve apostles will be sitting on twelve thrones judging the twelve tribes of Israel. Matthew 19:28. Note the words of the LORD Jesus Christ in Mark 1:14-15 and Matthew 4:17, why the Kingdom of Heaven was at hand.
This would state that a larger sum would have to be paid if planning consent for a higher use value were to be obtained.
1. Nominating and recognizing an ‘employee of the month’. Senior Managers can recommend those employees who have performed well during the month and the selection of one or two eligible employees. A plaque or medal could be given to the winning employee with a certificate of recognition. This could be made into a yearly award as well, considering the type of business. This method of recognition is a preferred morale booster in most companies and in the hospitality trade.
The contribution that publishers make – coordinating editors, formatting, and posting on websites – is now a service that authors can pay for, rather than a bargaining chip that could be worth yielding copyright for. So authors making their work available as open access pay publishers a fee to do so, and the publisher does not own the resulting work. On the CITE blog they report on an initiative lead by NACS Media Solutions (National Association of College Stores) to help college stores grow their custom content businesses (CITE):
howling to the moon
listening to your every single words
Information Technology students or recent graduates are encouraged to apply.
I was not a runner then. But sometime in the years between leaving my hectic job at a publishing house in New York and beginning to write Fallen, I took up the sport. I found myself living on a tomato farm in Northern California. It was their first time in my life I’d lived somewhere with that much open space around me. One day, I started to run the boundaries of the tomato plots. I hated it at first. I hated it for months. I definitely did a lot of counting down the seconds until my run was up. But the seed of a dream to run a marathon someday had been planted in me, so I kept up the running.
“Yeh, I think I will.”
I don't recall seeing signs that read, "New company policy: We are not buying any overpriced gasoline until Bush is gone."
Let's hope the Obama Poetic Language Initiative works. It's remarkable to have a President who pays any attention to poetry at all, and inspiring to have one so dedicated to making the form more democratic, hopeful, and less obscure. We'll be watching with interest here at elenabella as poetry unfurls its patriotic wings to soar like an eagle over this great land, becoming more accessible, appropriate, and inspirational for every American.
All are bits of history and past their prime but never failing to stand proud. The three WWII era planes stood at attention waiting for their close ups. The B-17 was first. The line waiting to get inside was at least twenty people long. The line was a lot longer to get inside the B-17 because the Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress is the model of the famous plane the “Memphis Belle.” (I recommend this movie if you haven’t seen it). Behind the B-17 was the B-24 and although the line was not as long here there was a veteran WWII bomber, I would soon meet, named Dell Kenyon who told his story of flying thirty missions on the B-24s in northern Italy.
He did, however, wrapped himself tight in his blanket and didn’t want to cuddle up.
So, do not forget to invite your own angelic self to be with you. This is not your higher self. If you want to think in the way you do, in terms of layers, think of your angelic self as above your higher self and pull them all in—to your core, to your heart, to your feet, to your toes. Because our purpose in speaking of this is for you to acknowledge and to know your own being as well.
Gunther laughed. “With what? A bunch of fuck up rookie cops? Those guys were bullet magnets.”
I look forward to continuing with my blog and sharing my Loftee adventures throughout the new year.
“Now again I will give you the context. After context you tell me that yet you believe that Jesus (pbuh) is Almighty God or not.”
I find this to be a very economical recipe. You probably know dried beans are dirt cheap. I used my homemade vegetable stock that costs literally pennies for a big pot full, so that's a freebie for me. The parsley came from my backyard. I found great deals at the grocery store on all of the vegetables I used in this recipe today. I did spend extra money on organic chicken with no reservations. I fully realize I am paying $10 for a 3 1/2 pound whole chicken when my grocery store puts ones of the same size on sale for $3, but the price difference is more than worth it to me. I will save you a sermon on why organic is the only label on chicken that matters when you are looking for the most healthful option, but I will tell you that Dr. Oz had a great episode about it and let you do your own research. One whole chicken will get us through three meals though, so when I break it down to only $3.33 per meal, it looks even better. Again, I buy organic dairy products whenever possible, and with the cheese as almost just a tasty garnish in this recipe, my bottom line is less than a dollars' worth of organic cheese. Same with the yogurt--I bought organic yogurt and paid considerably more than I would have for the non-organic, but when you break it down to the cost per serving and take the benefits of using organic into consideration, it's more than worth it to me. But of course you will decide what ingredients are right for you, your family and your budget.
"Fly the Rolls Royce way"? BEA
The film also received a nomination for the best foreign-language screenplay Oscar at the 84th Academy Awards.
Have a wonderful day and I'll see you again soon!
Schumacher was handed a five spot grid penalty following the race, and the German said Senna cut back suddenly to defend, causing the collision. Senna, when speaking to Speed’s Will Buxton after his race retirement, said the incident was unfortunate but did not place blame on anyone.
You might be interested to know that our missionaries have preparation day on Mondays. On that day they have time to write home and will email you. Please keep in mind that we are nine hours ahead of Utah time.
You know the refrain from inky-fingered editors: “We have to beat the idealism out of them”, when young graduates hit the newsroom.
As the the Doctor had earlier predicted, the Mandragora Helix re-appeared in 1990s London, this time exploiting the use of an illegal drug called Mandrake (another name for Mandragora). The Doctor and Ace, with the help of UNIT and Captain Muriel Frost, in particular put a stop to it.
I used a black glitter pen to accent the spots and lines on the butterfly's wings.
Scored it in half and then one side I scored at 2 3/4 and folded it in the opposite direction. It looks like a Z fold. I used some Nautical Expeditions DSP from last summer along with this stamp called Sailing Away both from Stampin Up.
The Woodcarver DVD: Sandy V
Mike doesn't stick around. No pun intended. Hoping of catch Grace and her lover, he heads north to the Corday country home. Things become complicated when he confuses the unfaithful wife with her beautiful older sister. Some PI.
The meeting was about the civil rights movement. Things were happening. The first black student had been admitted to the university (after a court case) in 1954, but there were still only a few black students by 1960. Martin Luther King was speaking, arguments raging, and people were getting hurt.
High levels of Vitamins and Native Oils combine for soft, smooth, touchable skin
Second point is the idea of material inference. Brandom contrasts the idea of material inference to that of formal inference – and again the question is one of explanatory priority. A formal inference is one that obeys an explicitly formulated rule of inference, which rule is applicable independent of the content of the inference. A material inference, by contrast, is an inference the goodness of which depends on the content of the claims being inferred from and to.
2) Do not run reloads you bought off someone's gun show table, at least without thoroughly test firing the ammunition. Another example learned from guys showing up to classes and not having their guns running up to par. While I'm sure there are guys out there reloading for sale who are doing a good job of quality assurance and product testing, without knowing the individual personally, I would not trust my life to their ammunition. If I were forced to run someone else's reloads, I would damned sure test it before showing up to a class that demanded a functioning weapon to participate.
I told her to call her husband and let him know his boy was safe.
Every month, you will have a chance to participate in weekly challenges, with each weekly sketch you enter, that will give you an entry in the draw to win our monthly prize. So complete 1 sketch you get 1 entry, complete 3 sketches and you get 3 entries!
space for them that reflect who they are what what they love! it is one of the things i love most about what i do!
What happens when researchers account for the effect of socioeconomic context on intelligence? Eric Turkheimer-- a professor at the University of Virginia-- and his colleagues tackled this very question by examining the intelligence of twin pairs raised in very different socioeconomic backgrounds. The researchers reasoned that if the socioeconomic environment matters little for intelligence, then genetic differences between twins on intelligence measures should be small.
This can be a touchy subject and please read (and believe) my words - I know there are families/children in the Dallas area that are in desperate need of this kind of help. Walmart is providing a huge service to those families, and in turn to DISD so the school system (i.e. taxpayers) doesn't have to foot the bill. In theory it's a win-win, the private sector helping the public sector. What I have a problem with are parents taking advantage of the system and getting free lunches for their children when they have no need (breakfast has now been taken off the table for this discussion since Walmart's backing that in our city). It all comes down to priorities.
Some unnamed sources have stepped up, and let some interesting details about the film slip out as they were probably packing their packs to get out of Scott’s way in he found out they discussed any aspect of the film. The following is what was told in full.
Without the grand gestures by the federal government to pour funds into high-level federal operations, better scrutiny of the sex trade at a mere local level, would reveal many of the victims of "advertising" that Mr Akasaka is campaigning for.
Scalloped Circle Die, cut with nestabilities....
The garden is flourishing outdoors, and the birds and bugs are happily buzzing around! I love this time of year when everything pops with color and texture. The breezes are warm, and artistic expression is freely flowing from everything. As much as I adore creating Halloween, it's lovely to be inspired by nature all around us. This month, between sculpting spooky cats, owls, and other haunting characters, I have been illustrating a new look in a more soothing and soft palette. An owl, followed by a butterfly, followed by a bluebird were the first characters to materialize in this sweet style. All of which including others yet to be seen, are up for consideration for decorative box sign art and possibly other product applications to be licensed to Primitives by Kathy. I have a POLL on my JPD Facebook Page asking for your feedback as to what other characters I should create to complete this collection. Please do share! I'm thinking that these could be quite sweet on some of my Zazzle products as well. So, stay tuned!
Who do you think should win Season 2? Who has the strongest team?
- Suspected socialists or communists behind the door since you cannot bring in money
(If using homemade gravy, use chicken drippings to make a gravy at this point and steam potatoes and carrots in a small amount of water, in another pot just till done, then add to gravy, I am using gravy I had left over from a previous meal). Take pie crust out of fridge so it can come to room temperature.
This is the story of Mr. Kerneels van Rensburg who, with four other farmers, owned a 3 900 ha property called Kafferskraal. On his 700 ha portion he produced 800 tons of mealies per annum and as much meat needed to feed 20 000 people. A land claim on these farms was completed in July 2001. In September 2001 the farmers left and there has been no movement on the farms since then, except that one of the previous owners is renting his particular property back. No business plans were produced, although Mr. Van Rensburg said he’d help the new owners.
Row 3- ch1, turn, (sc in 6, trc around post 2 rows below*belt loop made*) around to last 4, sc in last 4sc.
Yes there are the moments where both twins are screaming and hungry and Jensen is shrieking to be heard over them that I think "OMG what I wouldn't give for some quiet!" but I know all parents have those moments, even without twins!
You: So, you like Jesus?
What mattered more to the key voters of Bradford (and didn’t even appear on the radar screens of the “Westminster bubble”) was that Imran Hussein was widely rumoured locally to be a boozer, and thus couldn’t possibly be considered a proper Muslim. While Galloway — teetotaller, two Muslim wives, a political career supporting Muslim causes, and a history of making Islamic declarations of faith — secretly was.
(b) often talks excessively about blogging to friends/family who have no idea what a blog is
Happy Sunday Stampers!
Phone etiquette is quite different here. During the class, two students’ phones went off. They didn’t seem embarrassed or apologetic at all. In fact, both actually answered the calls and talked for about 30 seconds in a normal volume as if they weren’t, you know, in the middle of a class. The teacher and other students completely ignored them and class went on seemingly uninterrupted.
Fourth is "Queen of Horror!" by Dick Piscopo (art) and Don Glut (story). Similar themed to the previous story, it is about a monster movie director, Katzman who is looking for a new hot theme since his movies haven't done well lately. His assistant, with the help of a "Gorry Hackerman" (an obvious nod to Forrest Ackerman) comes up with the idea of having a female monster. Their actress is found in a bar, a woman named Mildred who is soon renamed to Adriana. Adriana does very well in a series of hit monster movies. One night Katzman invites her to his home, telling her he is in love with her. Adriana tells him no man could be happy with her and reveals that she actually is a monster, transforming into a werewolf who kills him. Adriana looks enough like Vampirella that I half expected it to end up being her while reading the story.
the city
I imagine how I appear at various times: glowing with a fierce intensity of light when I am worshiping and when I am walking in faith or faintly flickering when I doubt or I am struggling with temptation.
My problems at the beginning were, random restarting, random crashing, random wallpaper changes, didn’t reboot a few times, had to battery pull a few times a day. Phone heating up like crazy, Browser crashes (it isn’t my network, i’ve changed from vodafone to aircel to even wifi)
One of the great things about the web is how it allows you to communicate ideas and recommended reading with a few keystrokes. In this instance, Philip Athans, author of several books, on his blog, mentioned The Red Hourglass by Gordon Grice. I was a little disappointed at the ebook price as the print price was similar so went with the print book. While I enjoy e-format, the main benefit to me know still has to come in savings.
4 potential
After these things God tested Abraham and said to him, “Abraham!” And he said, “Here am I.” He said, “Take your son, your only son Isaac, whom you love, and go to the land of Moriah, and offer him there as a burnt offering on one of the mountains of which I shall tell you.” So Abraham rose early in the morning, saddled his donkey, and took two of his young men with him, and his son Isaac. And he cut the wood for the burnt offering and arose and went to the place of which God had told him. On the third day Abraham lifted up his eyes and saw the place from afar. Then Abraham said to his young men, “Stay here with the donkey; I and the boy will go over there and worship and come again to you.” And Abraham took the wood of the burnt offering and laid it on Isaac his son. And he took in his hand the fire and the knife. So they went both of them together. (Genesis 22:1-6)
One of the most notable and perhaps profound of those influences was Arthur Schopenhauer whom Nietzsche discovered in 1865 while at University. Schopenhauer’s metaphysical vision at odds with Christianity, encapsulated in The World as Will and Representation, was to shape Nietzsche’s philosophical undertakings more than any other. A year later Nietzsche was introduced to Wagner, with whom he felt a deep affiliation through mutual love of both music and philosophy. Wicks notes: “Partly on the basis of their shared enthusiasm for Schopenhauer, the two men struck up a father-son style of friendship and they remained in contact for the next decade, until Nietzsche’s growing anti-Christian view of life became incompatible with Wagner’s.” Later, Nietzsche irreparably widened the division by openly and virulently criticising his one-time idol in The Case of Wagner. In the essay Nietzsche lambasts the Wagnerian tradition with unrelenting ardour, finding it to be “brutal, artificial and unsophisticated” and thereby symptomatic of the degenerative trend in music. He is no less vituperative when speaking of the composer himself, querying: “Is Wagner a man at all? Is he not rather a disease? Everything he touches he contaminates. He has made music sick,” before concluding: “Wagner’s art is diseased. The problems he sets on the stage are all concerned with hysteria; the convulsiveness of his emotions, his over-excited sensitiveness, his taste which demands ever sharper condimentation, his erraticness which he togged out to look like principles, and, last but not least, his choice of heroes and heroines, considered as physiological types (—a hospital ward!—).”
Easter can bring strong death/rebirth experiences on many levels of life and if you are sensitive to and aware of these deeper interconnected realities you will have felt it. It may have shown up as things reaching a climax in relationship issues, an issue you’ve been struggling with for a while coming to a head or a new way clearing before you.
That said, it is only an improvement on our situation if the constitution is not ignored.
2. Microwaved with butter: FAIL, smell was still there and could not be covered by butter. Also tried vegan spread, same result.
“Know that Sharia, warrior princess of Nazerak has spared your life this day.” So saying, she turned her back on them and left the underworld for the sun above.
This weekend is going to be rather busy.
Most expensive arena ever, redux
These are some of my besty friends. That's me on the left with the big schnoz and the target on my boobs.
Singing low,
for the ample dinner parties I’ll throw
Kashmir is drifting in turbulent cross-currents of the regional politics in South Asia, a highly dreary situation, unfolding itself in a fast paced mode, making it imperative for anyone who indulges in journalistic pursuits of sorts, to speak out his mind and stated stand point, not with a view to pontificate, but to inform public opinion in performance of one’s conscionable public duty.
Adult CPR Instructions
transport needs and recreation. This
The Relph-Dearden partnership was forged at Ealing Studios, which during the war and immediately afterwards prided themselves on projecting a sense of British national unity. This comes through quite clearly in these later films too and one can see from even the cursory summary of their ‘social problem’ releases given above that the emphasis is predominantly on those marginalised in society and the impact on them of postwar privation and changes in Britain’s racial and social mix. In the case of Violent Playground, the setting is Liverpool’s deprived inner-city as experienced by the children of the dirt poor Murphy family. The mother’s remarried and the father is in prison, so it’s up to oldest daughter Cathie (Anne Heywood) to take care of her rebellious and charismatic teenage layabout brother Johnnie (David McCallum), who we first meet ominously stoning a poor innocent teddy bear, as well as the two young twins Patrick and Mary (played fetchingly by real-life siblings Fergal and Brona Boland) who are 7 going on 8. It is when the two get caught stealing that they attract the attention of the new Juvenile Liaison Officer, who is not all that happy with his new assignment:
At this time last year, the lunatics were in full command of the asylum. Barack Obama, Nancy Pelosi, John Kerry and a supporting cast of thousands were jetting off to Copenhagen to swear their undying allegiance to the idea that it is necessary to save the planet from the scourge of human life. That would be human life, most particularly, as it is lived here in the United States and other parts of the world that have not yet gotten around to pulling the plug on capitalism and moving on to a more enlightened way of organizing production and redistributing material wealth.
There is no question that politics and entertainment are intertwined. Jack Valenti, who was the founder of the Motion Picture Association of America, has been quoted as saying “Washington and Hollywood spring from the same DNA” because its participants are always onstage and always performing. Consider these examples, most of them from just the past few months:
These souls are part of the crust of darkness that helps prevent the light of god getting through to us as easy as it perhaps should. They are left there by the dark to do just that to populate and pollute the routes to the higher heavenly places..this makes the spiritual journey more difficult, and why so many people struggle to get true understanding..in order to get through this horde your energy has to be crisp, clean and embrace light. the more light you have the more you move towards the celestial realms and the more your perception will grow.
dee ;o) <U+FEFF>
Year eight, year nine….I know this! Grades 7 and 8.
Once the paint was dry I took my orbital sander to it and distressed the mess out of it!
Finally, Mr. Handsome replaces Mr. So-So! We haven’t had Spa Day in a month because of “You Know Who.” Jet. What? You know. Ok, Mom. JJ arrived during my off weekend with an ear infection. Understandable. Then, she couldn’t get wet because she had a terrible sinus infection, which required a shot, Cipro, a culture and lots of tissues. Next, we had to wait because we endured our monthly application of Frontline this Tuesday. Mom insists on putting showers aside until four WHOLE days after application. Jet, I do that because the instructions say for best results… I already found a tick on JJ’s back when combing her. Can you imagine trying to find a tick or flea in your rich, fluffy, onyx coat? I guess I understand better now, Mom.
Murakami Haruki's extra-long 1Q84 was full of narrative strategies that went against the grain of conventional storytelling. It represented a hardening of his hyper-realistic style and its ambitiousness was patterned after that of George Orwell's dystopia, with the Little People in the novel imagined to have the same iconic stature as Big Brother. This well-intentioned novel, however, was bogged down by its own paper weight.
so here it is.
There are many things that Paul might have gloried in, if he had thought as some do in this day. If ever there was one on earth who had something to boast of in himself, that man was the great apostle of the Gentiles. Now if he did not dare to glory, who shall?
Arrived at Palmetto Island State Park around 1:00 this afternoon. The roads were pretty bad getting here and things were falling off the walls of the coach that normally don't.
Let me say one more thing to you parents, you parents cannot be a star if you are in sin; you cannot be covered in sin and shine and if the parents are not a star, how can the children be a star?
… and see the CNN interview afterwards, where the question of tokenism is dispatched pretty sharpish. http://bit.ly/tAnbnt
2 tbsp soy sauce
“One of them said that Ken Kisamore has posted on my Wall. What’s my Wall?”
Which will store my prints. I'll end up painting them white I'm sure.
As you read, you alternately feel glad that all the various disasters that befall him - including plagues of locusts,bees, giant mosquitos, and workmen falling through glass roofs - didn’t happen to you, while half wishing you had the guts to undertake something so quixotic and wonderful. In the tradition of both Peter Mayne and the writers of The Arabian Nights, Shah delights in the mischievous, puzzling and sometimes maddening characters he encounters. Believe me , after living in Morocco for three years and doing only rather small renovations/restorations, on the whole it's less hair-raising to read about than actually do. Shah is a wonderful story -teller.
Put down that remote and join me on the living room dance floor!
HE WAS ALWAYS THERE.
Thanks for sending messages, Your son Andrew I’m thinking must have to fight the ladies away from the door, Ha Ha!! anyway Eliza I sent you amessage on twitter,hope your well, I’m gonna be busy as its Christmas. So wrap up warm,cause its damn cold, and look after your self, and give my love to your family, as I see you gotta good family around you and thats all we need in this life.
Meg – I’m sure you’ll never read this, but just in case you do, please don’t be scared. I promise I’m not some weird stalker person. I just really appreciate what you do and felt I needed to write this post so I went with it!
This is a friendly reminder that the last day to submit HOA dues of $1,900 per lot for 2012 without penalty is March 31st. Payments are due on January 1st of every year. Payments received after March 31st will incur a 50% late payment penalty, no exceptions. If you have already paid your 2012 dues, thank you, and please disregard this message. If you have not yet submitted your payment, please do so ASAP to the attention of Michael Taylor at 211 John Wesley Way Savannah, GA 31404.
“‘Cause you threw him at me. Must mean you don’t want him,” Natalie teased.
1 mini sized Hershey's bar(we've used bite size twix, snickers, etc.)
He kissed my hand,
State was separated into
Then there are Ronnie’s gigs and Kathy’s family and a Wyoming grandson getting married this summer. It’s all good.
Well, that time is your chance to get the bathroom into shape with a daily blitz. You have to be with them because they need supervision so that they don't drown and they don't grab razors and Tylenol and Comet and what have you. Yet, most of the time when you are in there, they are playing happily and you are doing nothing! So get off the phone and clean the bathroom!
Over the years, the auto industry has been destroyed by increasing congressional interference in the form of mileage mandates, by requirements for ethanol use, and, internally, by the auto unions that demanded and received huge medical and retirement plans that ate profits. Two of the largest American auto manufacturers are essentially owned by the taxpayers due to massive, multi-billion bailouts, and controlled by the unions that destroyed them.
I've been slowly watching my arms and derriere get
nor beat myself up if I don't get to accomplish them.
After tidying up a little later, Pablo decided to try out my Tidy Tray for size. I think it's a little small for him, but he seemed to like it LOL!!!
Perhaps not very exotic. And yet our parents had let three 15-year-olds out on the loose for a whole week. We had been in plenty of evil big cities. They had no idea what we were doing about eating and sleeping - we organized everything ourselves. We didn't have mobile phones, so they had to make do with a couple of calls from phone boxes. They were no doubt totally stressed - but they let us do it. We had an adventure.
You can also request to schedule an author guest blog, interview and/or book giveaway
Once out in the sun, we were warm enough, as long as the wind did not blow and we were directly in the sun, so we sat on a bench, in the full sunlight and People Watched.
DO YOUR SISTER:
So in terms of learning new ways to code and to do it more efficiently, I tend to translate what we write into the computer into logic and/or English. Ever since taking CSE20 and philosophy, I learned a lot about how logic works, and even more importantly, the true power of the BOOLEAN. I know some people think true/false is a strange way to think about things, but for me, it’s been working out great. Even when it comes to complex statements and bodies of code, by simply using true/false in my head, I’ve been able to keep everything as simple as possible.
It is a large dog, and a small house, so you do the math for how much oxygen is left. No? You won't? Well, I'll tell you; not fucking much, that's how much. She has worms, which is bad enough in itself, but I can't afford to do anything about it, so we're all suffering. She lets out a big sigh, and then she groans, and then the stench hits you, and then you groan.
I am so smitten and in love with this panel, you don't even know! LOVE IT! I love it so much that I have decided to order it after the holidays if it is still available. If it's still there, it was meant to be.
The Blues Astronauts - No Sanctuary
2 showed
The fear, I suppose is…. what if the metaphorical parachute fails and I land on my arse? What if I look a fool? Am I ready?? Am I doing the right thing? I suppose I will never know until I try!
This is a body suit version of the original Jean Paul Gaultier dress trimmed with feathers and paired with a Stephen Jones headdress and thigh high Christian Louboutin boots.
So let’s add this up. A loyal and expanding fanbase at home, a voracious market abroad, a modest new production budget, and a marketing infrastructure you’ve already paid for.
This is a beer for the Hoegaarden/ St.Bernardus/ White Hawk lover.
And TV brings it all in our living rooms. I think this is one where you can “blame the media.” We shouldn’t be exposed to anything these people say, but here it is.
Until I come back to this Pandora’s box.
I would put the “ferociously” racist black proportion at closer to 20 percent, and the passive supporters at an additional 70 percent. But I don’t expect Derbyshire to talk like that. He has much less experience with blacks, and I’m radioactive, which he wasn’t… until a few hours ago.
So far the court doesn’t see a problem with pension reform initiative Measure L, according to a ruling issued on Monday (May 4).
Among European luxury goods companies, Salvatore Ferragamo Fashions is a renowned company. The Italian based company is famous for having been the creators of fashionable shoes, women’s and men’s ready-to-wear, and a host of other leather items. The Ferragamo Group is under the umbrella of Salvatore Ferragamo Italia S.p.A., and Salvatore Ferragamo Fashions is also renowned for the watches and eyewear they license to other retailers.
The week I spent on Lady Elliot was action-packed and exciting. I diligently followed the activity board and recommended tours. A very low tide made for the perfect reef walking experience. Amongst the branching and brain corals I saw sea stars (Blue Linkia, New Caledonian and Pin Cushion), urchins (Decorator and Red Slate-Pencil), clams, far too many sea cucumbers (Leopard Spot, Long Skinny Black, Green and Sandy), not to mention the dangerous Blue Spotted sting rays as well as the harmless Epaulette sharks.
Right now, I feel a sweetness toward this woman.
Chalkboard spray paint...It turns anything into a chalkboard! Sweet. I found mine at Michael's craft store for around $5 with a coupon (of course!) from Michaels.com.
I know that’s a sore point with Eili, and I do feel guilty about it. One of these days, though, gods willing... anyway, what advice would I give? Don’t be scared to speak your mind to people you trust. Listen to the counsel of your friends and your lovers. And never turn your back on a smiling Lammyr.
My work had a charity bake sale yesterday in aid of Maggies Cancer Charity. I was so impressed with how talented our law firm are! When I had initially volunteered to bake, I had assumed it would be your classic bake sale crispy cake and marshmallow top hat affair. Simple but delicious treats, considering we are lawyer types and not professional pastry chefs- or so I thought! There were a few old time favourites (which I love) but there were also cakes so beautifully created, they would put domestic goddess Mary Berry to shame! Someone made swiss roll!!! WHO ON EARTH (aside from Mr Kipling and his exceedingly good cakes) MAKES HOMEMADE SWISS ROLL!!!?? I watched “The Great British Bake off” when it graced our airwaves last summer. Homemade swiss roll is no mean feat and can often end in tears/a crumbly mess.
For women who like triangle bikini tops, then they can also decide to go for the halter tops. These are bikinis for women with fixed triangle tops and have adjustable strings at the back. These offer a little more support than the triangle bikinis since the neck strand strongly supports the bust. There are different designs of halter bikini tops. For example, there are padded bikini tops, under wire tops, those that expose a lot of cleavage and those that cover up.
MeWowZa, Teri was more than excited, because now they could stay together AND she would get to see them both from time-to-time when they came into the vets. She said this was like her best wish answered, and she hopes they will both be happy in their new home...of course, she will be there with advice when needed and with the promise to take them back with open arms if their new home doesn't work out...
How around etching and resizing?
Abundant sunshine, fruit, vegetables; we need little else...Just enjoying being out in the garden making the most of it.
potatoes, dig only what you need, leave them in the ground...
When we lived in Powassan, four hours north of Toronto, we had many friends we still keep in touch with. Two special friends Barry and I love very much are Bonnie and Jim. When we lived down the street from Bonnie and Jim, we had our girls, Kathy and Heather. Bonnie and Jim wanted children too, so they adopted two girls. Barry still in social work back then, was doing placements of babies with Childrens' Aid.... and so he was instrumental in getting children for Bonnie and Jim. Like Kathy and Heather, Bonnie and Jim's daughters are all grown up now and starting lives of their own.
There is a downside to the cask, too. Once tapped, the cask will not fit into either of my temperature controlled fridges, so it has to be drunk at the ambient temperature in the garage. With temperatures a bit below the norm for this time of year, it's being served at around 8C which is definitely a tad chilly. By the time I reach the end of the pint it's noticeable that the flavour has improved, but with temperatures likely to rise over the next couple of months, hopefully this will not be a problem for future brews.
Carol Duvall demonstrated standing on big stamps years ago, at a time when I was horribly frustrated by poor impressions and ruined card stock. My craft room had a carpeted floor, so I took a 12"-square piece of smooth plywood I'd had cut for an improvised book press, and used that to support the card stock. Worked beautifully, and I've done it ever since.
“Pretty Woman,” when in reality “girls don’t ever see a penny,” Herzig said.
Me: We have to go home and regroup
Care Bears Kingdom of Caring
This was a heaven send! I joined a local CSA that only grows organic produce, they work with other local organic farmers to create an amazing assortment of fruits and veggies. Then once a week a beautiful box of goodies arrives at my doorstep. The CSA I joined allows me to pay for only one week at a time on an as needed basis, the box is delivered to my home at no extra charge and they have an organic egg option as well. For a 1/2 fruit, 1/2 veggie box we pay $23, eggs are an extra $4. This has saved my relationship with food! I now can plan my dinners around what we get in our box that week. Also, now that the girls eat solid foods I can make them amazing organic baby food! Here is a list of what arrived on my doorstep today...
There isn't Android Market in all Android phones. This is what I learned recently in hard way. I bought an Android phone without Android Market. I've never heard about something like this. Without market this phones are totally useless and trash. I searched for apps about few hours, it took awhile to discover there isn't a real app market and of course; it was a disaster.
Ian blows air through his teeth, winding up. My twin brother is not among those who fear the solarrivum. He anxiously anticipates the annual blaze of sunlight, craves the insanity it evokes.
4. Follow my blog and tell me (or tell me if you already are).
You were in love, everything was perfect and you were picking out china patterns. Then, all of a sudden, it’s over and you can’t breathe anymore because you’re crying so hard and the world is an awful place in which to live. You wallow, you argue, you become bitter toward your friends and their successful relationships. You get really drunk and make somewhat terrible mistakes. You eat copious amounts of Ben & Jerry’s and spend most nights curled up on your sofa cursing the world and texting guys you don’t like simply for the attention.
Horticultural pruning seems to be one of those subjects.
Was it a drift voyage?
Televisions are the basic necessity of life and the gadgets which are constantly in use have to be loaded with all the required functions and usefulness. It has all started with Tony Baird’s invention of a television, way back in 1900 century. The revolution was born. With time it has been nourished and cared for to give way to various innovations.
The Birth, the Life, and the Death of Christ ends in the tomb, as it must. The medieval angels return, wings freshly starched, and remove the lid of Jesus’s sarcophagus, which must weigh about 25 pounds. Smartly, Guy doesn’t have Jesus climb out of the stone box here; rather, the actor’s image is superimposed over it, hovering in a pose of ascension—again, drawn from classical painting, but ending with a sudden disappearance that only a shuttered camera can produce.
Somebody whispered in Ernie’s ear and then he came over to Ronnie and said –“that’s Nazareth, you know them guys. They did that heavy metal lullaby - Love Hurts.” Ronnie replied – “shit, that’s them? - they took that old Everly Brothers song and nailed that one too.” Ernie was getting worked up now. “What’s so special ’bout a man in leather singin’ sweet.” Ronnie looked over the top of his shades and softly slapped Ernie. “What the hell you think we did with Seals & Crofts Summer Breeze? It worked musically, financially and the women go crazy. We turned that baby inside out so much all them people bought it a second time from us because they couldn’t recognize it.” Nazareth’s manager walked up to the group and told the band the Isley Brothers were in the room. Dan walked over to Ronnie and shook his hand. “I love your band, and I love your voice.” Ronnie just smiled and said – “our turn.”
Are you not Pericles? Like him you spake,
Violet is in a posh girl gang with Heather, Rose, Lily and, sometimes, Priss.
The shower is going to be in a side room at a restaurant not far from me. I'm sure there is a time limit to the room's use so I don't know if games will be played or not. I'm hearing of more and more women who don't like, maybe even detest, shower games. I don't like them if they cause the event to drag on needlessly, but in general I like them. It isn't about winning prizes, I just like games and puzzles. How about you?
Maybe it comes down to those moments
The CAF appears to have begun this by drawing a line in the sand with USAF heritage at stake in the F-82 — one side would win and one side would lose — now by further dragging it out there may be unintended consequences, fairly or not, for the CAF — but this is major league play and that should have been a risk consciously accepted.
*the wingspan of a turkey vulture or buzzard is actually (on average) closer to 6 feet and not what's listed.
Blackadder: "That's right Baldrick. You see, there was only one slight flaw with the plan".
and grown-ups do laundry
Q. What advice would you like to pass on to other writers working toward publication?
I have been super busy today, baking chocolate cake, making vanilla pudding, egg salad and tuna salad. The boys requested a cake today and pudding too since I was in the kitchen. I made them their treats and decided to make some tuna and egg salad while I was at it. I have a girls night planned for tonight so I thought I would bring those with me for snacks :)
What I’m thinking of.
Can you believe it? I was so annoyed that they hadn’t put Tension on the album, and here it is. So we all know which version I’m getting now, don’t we?
Nominated, European Film Awards 2002 – Best Actor (Alain Chabat)
chariot last night.
There was also the reality that hit during focused group conversations that there are also problems that need to be addressed in rural communities that weren’t touched on at this point: poverty; crime; infrastructure; food deserts; building trust and interfacing with university, college, and other partners, etc. Overall it was a thought-provoking conference and has the feel that several small steps can be achieved in the coming year. I would encourage you to check out the Web page and follow the Facebook page. You can also check out the Twitter Conversation at #RFC2012. This conference was also not just focused on Nebraska as the focus was the Great Plains and people from numerous states attended. I’m looking forward to seeing the small executable steps that will occur in the future and am also looking forward to doing my part to maintain strong rural communities as I’d like to see the next generation enjoy the rural life and learn the values I did growing up!
The tornadoes and violent storms that ripped through 7 states left “major, major” trails of destruction in their pathes.
1/4 cup agave nectar
how the dynamics
She was fiercely independent, hence her extensive travels. For her, work and family were not on her priority list, thus she still did not have a permanent job or a steady partner, nor did she have any thoughts of having them, despite being in her thirties. She followed her heart and her heart told her to be free- free from societal conventions, free from everything.
The only real aphrodisiacs are money and catnip.
I can only hope he doesn’t feel the same.
If you are zooming past in a vehicle with a camera, you can’t feel that baba’s hunger. You have to experience that particular kind of pain to empathise with another person’s pain. That is why the problems of the rag-pickers will be solved only by the rag-pickers and by the poverty-stricken by the poverty-stricken. That is why women will solve their own problems and Indians will solve the problems of India.
“She likes chocolate best. Starts squirming like a fish if I so much as look at it.”
After my sun was finished I decided to sponge some clouds and I did a little bit of old olive sponging towards the bottom of my card. I did this sponging because I didn't want my card to be all white. I left my sentiment area white and so I didn't sponge over it.
I went to tour the campus of the school for a couple of reasons. One being that I wanted to get myself excited about going to a four-year school and two, I wanted to see where the pool was so I had somewhere to swim this summer. Before the tour started, we all had to introduce ourselves because we are now going to be the best of friends for all of time and eternity just because we all went to this tour.
guru-putra<U+1E41> ceda<U+1E41> ru<U+1E63>a
The most sensational is being the outside spa.
13. Sweet Little Pussy Cat - Agent Provocateur / 2:18
989 **D-X/18/1987. “The Legacy of the Framers of 1787.” Highland Park Library, Highland Park, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1991(2), above, pp. 1013-24.)
Since I began my creative life with embroidery it followed that when I discovered bead embroidery I'd be totally taken in by it! While embroidering with beads is certainly different than with thread or yarn, I find that I get the same satisfaction from doing it. And, as with most of what I do, I find that I improvise a lot. Here is a picture of one of the first projects I made using bead embroidery.
On the subject of buying, Denton says, “You’ll usually end up ahead with a truck.” Actually, I shared that link on Sunday, but today I did not realize the pattern until after twelve items. I also just noticed the option to download images from Facebook. My Little Pony has a parody of a song by Katy Perry and now has a parody of Bridesmaids on billboards around Los Angeles.
RECOMMENDATION: Great zombie stuff! Must see!
Otherwise known as “The Boss”.
If I were undecided, this is where I’d want to be:
Better.
The sewn items I've been showing on here are mainly samples I can make them in any fabric you wish so long as you give me a chance to get it in as I can't keep too much in stock until after we move.
Ever since their debut album Remission, Mastodon's sound has been steadily evolving from the heavy old-school metal of that debut towards an increasingly complex, proggy and melodic sound. They've become more accessible without compromising their intensity in the least, ratcheting up the technical and structural complexity of their music even as their melodies have become more forceful, their guitar leads more harmonic, the vocal balance between guttural howls and layered harmonies tipping more and more toward the latter. The Hunter, their fifth album, continues that evolution, delivering one compact, punchy metal assault after another: they manage to condense prog metal bombast into three-minute radio-ready song lengths, complete with choruses that are both melodically direct and immensely satisfying. It's by far their most accessible and straightforward album, even poppy at times — they even paraphrase the Beatles on the swampy, psychedelic title track — but that doesn't mean it's a betrayal. The band's manic virtuosity doesn't seem the least bit constrained by the shorter track lengths or emphasis on melodicism. Instead, they've simply focused their talents to make one of the best mainstream rock albums in recent memory. [buy]
Manuel: Tribut is a “sociable apparel” brand; created to tribute the lifestyle and passion of music and art. We travel through life, exchanging ways and manners with others. Our trip is a personal dance in which halls and streets become public catwalks. We listen, and then we act. What we listen rules our personal dance and behavior… We perform and share our show in a personal sold out social experience. Sociable Apparel is a visual exchange under the graphic and universal language of fashion.
I know he will have a cold this week so I prepare.
Local state senator Tammy Irons was quoted Saturday in an article written by Mary Sell. The most astonishing pronouncement from Sen. Irons concerned a supposedly offered bribe by the Republican Party and was picked up only by the TimesDaily and the Decatur Daily; however, there was another extremely interesting quote from Irons that was punctuated quite differently in the two papers.
Spent the early afternoon at a baby shower, and the later afternoon running errands and avoiding my home still.
slow
For art we made some super cute penguins and walruses, they are ADORABLE! We did some neat hands-on science too- we discovered how flubber keeps the animals warm and how the oil on the penguins feathers help repel water. We also explored blue salt water and ice, learning how the salt water melts away ice burgs. (I didnt bring my camera to school these two days so I don't have any pics!) During kinder-cafe we made some cute little oreo penguins one day and yummy rice cake polar bears on another day. Our classroom book we created was, "Our Favorite Polar Animals." The kids had to write about their favorite polar animal.
YOU’RE MISSING THE POINT!
2 duplicate
7. Is envious of others or believes that others are envious of him.
God loves and knows nations
Have led to the decline of the Faith!
I'm reminded again here of William Burroughs's extraordinary and haunting suggestion, from his novel The Ticket That Exploded, that, beneath the surface of the earth, there is "a vast mineral consciousness near absolute zero thinking in slow formations of crystal." Here, though, it is a mineral seam, or ribbon of heavy metal—a riff of uranium—that stirs itself awake in a regularized cycle of radiative insomnia that disguises itself as a planet. Brainrock.
- I say: I never watched this prior to moving to America. Now your American tv has desensitised me to the brutality of the violence. That and I now like seeing someone being bashed around, whilst admiring the technique used in the floor encounters.
And Kat? Can
The University of Maryland is committed to creating a supportive, safe environment for our students and our community. We are showcasing that commitment this month through various on-campus campaigns and events for Sexual Assault Awareness Month.
Whether Youppi’s curse is fact or fiction, this story seems to interest people even today. The myth of the curse has remained with Youppi and continues to make people question as to whether the curse was really unleashed and if Youppi spreads his ‘ magic ‘ at every home game. What is known is that when you mix propaganda, facts, and hype you get a story that can be exciting. It all really comes down to one question. Do you believe in the curse of Youppi ?
album. “Ekki múkk” effortlessly segues into “Varúð”, which with its undertones of
Deschutes Brewery Hop Trip (Bond Street Series)
and Snickerdoodle Steve,
The third editor is my mom. I know mothers are supposed to be unreliable critics because they seem to have a built in I-appreciate-you gene, but my mother is different. My mother only praises me when I deserve it. When I ask her to edit my work, it comes back bloody with red marks. Still, she’s a much kinder critic than I am. So after she edits my work, I go over it again.
Moms, Dads, Grandparents we started a forum just for you!! Visit MomsandDadsBeHeard soon! 2010 is a MUST year to be involved. No longer can we sit back and allow our rights to disappear. The 2010 elections will be the deciding factor. Get involved, speak out!
It is actually not easy to ask. It incorrectably admits, that you don’t know. And which adult wants to admit it to have a need of help? I guess, we all should use it all the time, if not loudly, then at least quietly, to understand, how things are working, to find the problem and to find a/any solution/suggetion to it.
Missy groans, "Ugh, just kiss her, and get it over with!"
In other words, you just put in your blog’s base address, and add “link:” in front of it.
I've purchased the ingredients for my annual "Sherpa Porter," a Robust Porter that I keep tweaking the recipe on, every year. This year, I've tweaked it a lot, and I'm interested in the result. I'm going to shoot for brewing it this Sunday; it's the only chance I'll have for 3 weeks.
Lightships - Two Lines
Now I'd love to share my own juggle post. I have to admit, it feels strange to be sharing my own routine because I didn't have a decent schedule figured out for a long time. After Toby was born, it took me months to figure out a solid schedule that worked well for us, and I'm still experimenting and tweaking!
"The interests behind the Bush administration, such as the CFR, the Trilateral Commission - founded by Brzezinski for David Rockefeller - and the Bilderberg Group have prepared for and are now moving to implement open world dictatorship within the next five years." - Dr. Johannes Koeppl (Former official of the German Ministry for Defence and advisor to NATO)
The limiting factor in both is the projected color schemes for next fall and winter. The colors are not my favs - creams, tans, maize, dark rusts and maroons with a bit of celadon and sea green - but I am stretching myself to embrace them. VBG
“It’s hard to sneak around and do what you want,” Obama said. “I have done it a couple of times. But you know one fantasy I have, and the Secret Service they keep looking at me because they think I might actually do it, is to walk right out the front door and just keep walking.”
Though the song is not about Nikki Sixx, I did use his name in the lyrics.
Wrap up your finished pastry and place in the freezer for at least 8 hours or overnight.
05-24 Sydney, Australia – Entertainment Centre *
Now the pieces are beginning to fall into place. From history, we know that the First Epistle to Timothy was written sometime between 65 and 66 AD. We also know, from history, that Paul’s second missionary journey (when he first found Timothy) began in 49 AD. So if Timothy was under the age of 30 at the time when Paul advises him not to allow anyone to look down upon him for his youth, then we can rightfully conclude that Timothy was roughly 10 to 12 years old when Paul first encounters him in the small, out-of-the-way town known as Lystra.
now it is:
If you answered A,B, or D, you are welcome to pack your things and move out, you don't belong in Townsville. Our winner asked a lady she met in a bar to watch her house. She couldn't even provide the woman's last name or address.
So what, you ask, does this have to do with a rubber chicken?
and vertere meaning they
At this time, the Bridges Authority financing plan will likely get a ‘rubber stamp’ approval from Kentucky Public Transportation Infrastructure Agency (KPTIA) and it will proceed to the Federal Highway Administration for review. Please be assured that this organization, No2BridgeTolls.org, and many hundreds of volunteers are keeping an eye on this issue and will keep you posted as we have updates. The issue of tolls is still very much a ‘ball in play’ and is not a “done deal” as some would have you believe.
Overall, I really like the style of the shoes. I'm happy that Lovely E-Gallery sent me a replacement pair but at the end of the day, I think the shoes have poor craftmanship and I definitely would NOT pay almost $40 AUD for these quality of shoes. I'm probably better off finding an actual wholesale & manufacturing company to order my shoes from because the price will be closer to the quality I'm paying for. The shoes are comfortable though and I can't wait to wear them out :)
Have a wonderful productive happy Day!
Tuesday, February 21st
Seize the opportunity! — Hess
There was bare-minimum language, very little for a film completely in the soldier's world. Early on someone calls the outpost in Britain a sh-thole, and the rest of the language was mainly p-ss, which, considering the meaning of the word, was actually used appropriately and not as a swear word.
If you can't see where I'm going with this I'll just get to it; it's a tale surprisingly familiar to a few secrets and rumors I've heard about the lolita community. You see lolita, such a different and unique fashion and want in. Good intentions and a decent co-ordinate and you're sure to make friends! Until you post online and suddenly it's 'fatty, learn to coordinate, no brand, ita, bad hair, learn to photoshop etc. etc.' Eep! So you step up, buy the brand, do the makeup, start a daily blog even! Then the compliments start coming in, and you're not being gossiped about; excellent but hey...look at that newb! Don't they know lolita is no place for guys? And they're too poor for brand!? Whatever, you saved up, so can they! Best tell others so this person gets the message...
Richard Jenkins (actor- Burn After Reading, The Visitor, Step Brothers)
This is just my experience with Original Moxie but for you it may be different. You may love the way your curl pattern appears; you might even have longer hair so the outcome may be VERY different. Don’t hesitate to still try it, It may work better for you!
There are a couple of reasons:
Someone who doesn’t smoke, or drink, or use recreational drugs could turn a condescending eye on a person who can’t quit smoking or drinking or using drugs. They’d say “just don’t do that, can’t you see it’s harming you.” And then this same person might be a closet scale junkie. The same person may be battling their weight and not be able to walk past a scale without hopping on “just to see where they’re at” on any given day. And if you said to that same person “don’t do that, can’t you see what it’s doing to you”, they may laugh and say it’s no big deal, it just keeps them on track. They may not see the mental wrecking ball they are smashing into their own efforts.
So now we await for our child's information. I am so excited about this. I just know that this child will be such a blessing to our home, and I pray that our small $32 a month and our letters will bless him/her!
1/8 cup of potato starch
Some of the last songs were ballads and with full bellies, the melodic music was putting some to sleep and others were getting very sleepy! We were glad they picked it up at the end with a show stopping finale!
Walk into a very busy person’s office and while they watch you with growing irritation, turn the light switch off/on 10 times.
Wisdom of the system
-Follow me on twitter and tweet this giveaway make sure you use @my2boyz and @sproutwatches in tweet leave link in comment (you can do this once a day-leave daily comment!)
A user abuses injectable opiates (in the majority of cases, heroin) an average of 14 years before the user admits himself or herself into a treatment program.
If the portrait of Benjamin Franklin by Evert Duyckinick portrays a fatherly image, it is because this is the impression the artist is trying to capture, the wise and benevolent father. Penned by Benjamin Franklin, The Autobiography, literally and metaphorically, is contextualized in a father-son interrelationship. The fact that this memoir is addressed to Franklin’s son, and that his much-advocated virtues of self-improvement, industry, and truthfulness originate from his father, evince the framework of the father-son interrelationship. Moreover, metaphorically, the fact that Franklin reaches heavenward (heavenly father) for a higher, moral perfection also supports this father-son interrelational framing of the text. The accounts of Franklin’s life in The Autobiography testify of the benefits he reaped by heeding to the teachings of his earthly father, as well as the blessings he received by abiding by the precepts of his heavenly father. Perhaps, what is most memorable is that Franklin, by writing The Autobiography, has tried to inculcate his private and public male progeny (his son and the sons of America) the characteristics of an admirable American man – the very virtues of Franklin himself.
For decades Kraft’s art has dotted the cityscape of his hometown — from the playful “Penguin Court” figures on the Country Club Plaza, to the imaginative mosaic of animals adorning the McGee side of the Kansas City Public Library, to “The Family,” the long-limbed sculpture/fountain celebrating father, mother and child at the Executive Plaza Office Building, 720 Main.
I agree with his observation that we can expect more activism and military conflict to occur within the the realm of cyberspace in response to cyberterrorism, and possibly later on to online activism in general, but think that the context in which Vegh places importance may be too technologically deterministic.
The BNP currently restricts its membership to “indigenous Caucasians”, which it defines broadly as Celts and Anglo-Saxons. The commission says that this is in breach of the Act as it discriminates on the basis of ethnicity. It issued proceedings against the party last month, seeking an injunction to ban such criteria.
“I hear a cat,” Squire announced. “Never lock eyes with a blue-eyed cat.”Her father’s inability to answer her question is part of a secret. Whether the cat is prophetic, or not, requires turning the page. It’s the photo that presents itself as a mystery that I’m hoping will engage the reader and cause her/him to buy the novel.Learn more about the book and author at Jacqueline E. Luckett's website and blog.
When banning fever takes hold, it can be hard to stop: the repressive impulse gathers momentum and settles into habit. “Other words will be addressed once we get rid of awesome,” the campaigner promises, ominously.
I have, for reasons still unknown, over extended myself with outside activites. Not only have I just moved, lost my grandmother and started training at a new job, but I have also started my theater classes on Saturday mornings and rehearsals for a musical on weekend afternoons. Not to mention Praise Team on Thursdays and whatever other random thing I can volunteer for. Normally doing things all the time wouldn’t effect me and to be honest I am finally getting a grip and managing my workload. But a few weeks ago when I was sick and lost my voice, I was going off the rails on a crazy train to quote Sabbath. On top of everything else, I was so sick I couldn’t speak or teach or go to rehearsal.
And so on
My father has a terminal disease.*
There’s nothing like the power of positive thinking, right?
Thanks so much, Holly. You are the best! =)
It's been doing a lot of work lately. Sometimes I wish my mind came with an "off" switch. I guess even though have electrical impulses, it doesn't come with a breaker box. :)
I don’t care what anyone thinks, I love Pee-Wee Herman.
Not a fan of resolutions – though I am a big fan of goals and plans. Spending some time today looking forward and collecting my thoughts for what I would like to see happen in the coming year. Not so much a resolution as a map of intentions and promises to myself. Doesn’t need a change in the calendar year to happen – but there is a clean neatness to this mark of time – so why not take advantage of the moment and create some momentum?
for wasteful agriculture as
NYC Assembly and Senate Delegations
The bursting water one day woke me up. I got up anxiously. Now he is ready to share my life differently than he did in the last nine months. Thinking about this brings up mixed emotions of anxiety, excitement and worry . I was in a shock! I wasn’t sure what to do. Nothing will be the same when we’re back from the hospital.
Only having to get myself to one appointment made a big difference to my day. I was able to fit in an early nap, cope with scooter hoisting in the rain, and having previously met Dr Breathe I wasn't overwhelmed with "they think it's all in my head" anxiety.
Well, another House hearing on Solyndra came and went this morning. In another Great Moment Of Transparency in the Age of Obama, the Solyndra execs took the Fifth as promised. The Democrats’ erstwhile chief inquisitor and witch hunter of Capitol Hill, Henry Waxman, demonstrated his trademark chutzpah by complaining that the GOP was “badgering witnesses” by having them invoke the 5th.
I don’t know if any of you have read the posts in the My Life volume of this blog, but let’s just say that I’ve had way too much exposure to that kind of violence for me to find anything funny about it at all. In fact, I reacted to that clip just like the stereotypical “shell-shocked combat veteran who’s just heard a car backfiring” would – by flashing back through some the absolute worst moments of my life.
Art on game consoles, art on xbox 360. Its about giving the cold skin of
This free range conversation—especially when combined with ready interaction with Google—is a core element of unschooling, since it is in exactly that type of conversation that we weave the web of learning, making connections between apparently disparate subjects (even Dr. Hook to trademark law!) and providing the foundation for future learning. Sometimes the connections are conscious—"Oh! That reminds me of..."—and sometimes they're not—I can't remember how the 9s multiplication tables fit in there—but they are always effortless and uniquely our own and fun. And that makes all the difference.
For engineering, water utilities, manufacturing industry, high-brightness projector must be to protect property, but due to a delayed expansion, which resulted in a big purpose within obtaining a NEC cell phone method. People who find themselves enthusiastic about NEC program should look at the nec mobilepro 900 pda in Las Vegas. The dual screen tablet incorporates two 7 inch touch screens and such features as 3G, Bluetooth and WiFi.
Last week, I had my longest vacation from work in some time. I scheduled eleven full days, from Christmas Eve until Jan. 4, with basically nothing to do except recharge my batteries.
4. -
My words flew into the empty air as they willingly stripped down and flew down the hill to experience a second day of frolicking in the mud.
Surprisingly, the answer is either 45.3 million or 52.7 million in 2010, depending on which federal agency does the counting. This wide variance underscores the discordant findings from government smoking data.
To God, you are still His child!
My personal favorite appearance of this tiara was at the wedding of Crown Prince Frederik and Mary Donaldson in 2004, for two main reasons. First, the symbolism: she carried on the tradition started by her mother, wearing the tiara plus those giant crown diamonds for the heir's wedding. Second, the appearance: it may look from the front as though she has a modest diamond diadem on, but from the sides and back the diamonds are wrapping nearly her whole head like the grandest wreath that ever was. A perfect way to be the queen on someone else's big day.
And why the bugger are you cutting the funding and the resources that are already out there, if a Big Society is needed this much?
So I drew a scene amongst the trees with a vardo (traditional travelling wagon) stopped at the laneside and its travelling folk collecting firewood and stoking the fire under a kettle for tea. Their horse grazes and the road winds on toward the horizon. This is the Atching Tan - the Stopping Place, the wonderful camp amongst trees - a place to relax and cook and wash, to find water and let the horses rest and the children play, to make repairs to wagons and to make contact with the locals for work and exchange of goods and services.
Karl: what else Frothy?
The numbers in bold-face type, placed in the left-hand margins of this Bibliography, are used in the Index for this Bibliography. All other numberings are for indications of sources, cross-references, etc.
You can follow my recipe to make one of a kind "Crisp Korean Beef Salad" with it.
Justin Blackmon: Anquan Boldin
But, we are doing okay. The kids have been sleeping in my room and I rescued a few toys and some clothes before their rooms became nearly inaccessible. The photos below show the damage, as well as collateral damage (aka, what happens when you add two kids to the master bedroom and there isn't a "place for everything and everything in its place").
PS. And, to all the people of South Africa, today is 50 days before the World Cup; we're still talking about Malema.
You can teach me lots of lessons
Illustrated by way of: Black & White Photographs; Colour Photographs; Black & White Drawings;
Adrenalize – Mystical Universe (preview)
“Shall we.” Howie held out his arm.
Last month, I hit the 6 month mark of my internship, which means I'm halfway done. 6 months down, 6 months to go. The experience so far has been a combination of wonderful, hard, exhausting, and rewarding. There are days I feel like I'm on top of the world, and there are days I wonder, can I make it to Friday? The past 6 months have truly felt like a journey. In many ways, its hard for me to believe its only been 6 months; it feels like so much longer. Part of that, I think, is due to the fact that its the homestretch of this 6 year degree. I often hear marathon runners talk about the last few miles being the hardest, and though I'm far from a marathon runner, (understatement, I can't even run a mile), this Ph.D has been nothing short of a grueling race, filled with doubt, excitement, success, and detours. But these last few miles have been filled with their own challenges, their own successes, and their own lessons. So I thought I'd take a second to share a few of the biggest lessons I've learned during the past 6 months.
“Ah, ’tis always nice to have a Good Wind.” The hamadryad laughed heartily.
First, popular media tends to promote “sensational finds” which challenge the Bible. Most recently, James Tabor and Simcha Jacobovici made headlines by claiming to have found an ossuary decorated with a fish, implying that it was Jonah’s fish and that the image was a reference to the resurrection. The tomb at Talipot was also promoted as the “Jesus Tomb” since a number of ossuaries were found with names similar to Jesus and his disciples. The findings of Tabor and Jacobovici have been discredited (the fish is a wine jar, their photograph was sideways and edited so the handles were not visible), but the media reports scholarly response to these sensational claims less prominently, if at all. For example, my local newspaper, The Grand Rapids Press, ran the Washington Post story with the headline “Another Lost Burial Site? Filmmaker Claims Tomb Linked to Jesus; Followers.” They did report that some scholars doubted the claim in the article, but the headline is all most people read.
If you self published your book as an ebook/POD original, and it was a huge success online, would you still be interested in a traditional book publishing deal with a major publisher? From your perspective, what is that being published by a traditional print publisher offers you that being published as an e-book original/POD does not (for example, is it the advance, subsidiary rights sales, distribution, marketing, prestige, etc.)?
Jen's Bedouin dresses are redolent of the 1960's, when the sleeves narrowed and the length was shortened to ankle length. There is no evidence that it was cut and re-hemmed, and the sleeves are fitted and certainly won't wrap around your head! The stitching is incredible. Have another look:
Bodice, skirt & Shoes--E0000, R000 and 0
-1 tsp dark soy sauce
Nominated, European Film Awards 2000 – European Discovery of the Year (Agnes Jaoui)
I was thinking of doing a tie, but I can't decide. I think the more casual unbuttoned look is pretty sexy.
We can see to the Atlantic Ocean.
Lyrically, the song is about a woman refusing to, um..."give it up" for a guy, hence the title, and the follow-up comment "...maybe later!" There's later references to the song's protagonist making a truck delivery of string beans to Utah, a not-so-subtle poke in the eye of Utah residents (and Mormons) Donny and Marie Osmond, and the woman from earlier opting instead to ride a mechanical bull instead of her trucker boyfriend's wiener. It's a love song...one Zappa described as a country/western song on PCP.
You can see where I got completely lost on Fremont — the loops give it away.
Having a credit card takes a lot of management, because if you don’t pay them on time each month, you’ll get charged fees and end up with higher interest rates. That is why this is only recommended to those that can manage their payments on time and understand what the consequences are if you don’t.
After lunch was a tour of the R&D labs. We passed around some swabs of pure aromas (myrcene, DMS, and some others). What better way to top off a great day of tastings than to test our sensory perception? We proceeded to Sensory and were separated in tasting booths to attempt two triangle tests. The first test was 2 fresh Pale Ale samples and 1 spiked with Skunky mercaptans. My fatigued palate failed to identify this one correctly (or maybe I just liked that skunky aroma?) but I successfully detected the next test which was an aged sample. Our group reassembled for a preference test and we picked the pub-only Pale Ale over the Draft Pale Ale by a 6-4 margin in a blind taste (I preferred the malty balance of the Draft at this point in the day).
3rd CFL-2 Fisher Grant
My man had a birthday recently, and he chose these chocolate malt cupcakes to help celebrate. The cupcakes had a moist and fluffy consistancy and the perfect amout of chocolate flavor. The frosting was delicious, but only after it had time for the flavors to marry overnight. I thought it was far too sweet right after making it, so i would frost these the night before so the sweetness has time to calm down a bit. I didn't get an overwhelming malt flavor in the cupcake or the frosting, so next time I may try adding more malt. I'll probably also crush up some malt balls and sprinkle them onto the frosting for an extra whammy.
A- If I grab your arm like this what happens?
Spilling shit from greasy oil tankers,
The jury found that Weinzettel did not use excessive force.
Tuesday Giveaway Winner:
Attention one and all. His Royal Highness, Prince Randolph of Petersbourg, will set sail for London in early June and reside at St. James Palace for one full month…Some say the true motive for the prince’s visit to our fair country is to seek and marry his future queen. I will therefore pose the question to our devoted and reflective readers: Who among us will be the chosen one? —From the London Ballroom Society Pages
We had gotten an email regarding a mandatory meeting that would occur on that day, and once the news had been reported, we knew what the meeting would be for.
VCR – The xx (quite like their other singles, haven’t got the album and not that bothered about getting it, but this is very good and the only song of theirs I own)
As an agent who believes in your oath, it is your duty to root out and extirpate the rot and filth of political corruption, which is far more dangerous to our Republic than the corruption of mere personal greed. You must remain vigilant to the danger that your agency will become fully politicized, transforming over time into an American KGB or Stasi. Please reread the oath you swore before accepting your gold shield, especially the part about domestic enemies. If you willingly become a Stasi or a KGB man, if a job is a job and you just follow orders, then that domestic enemy is you, and trust me on this, many of us are watching these developments very carefully and with great trepidation.
That you haven’t given up
But many leave behind compact, incredibly dense remnants known as neutron stars. Those detected have strong magnetic fields that focus emission into two highly directional beams.
I wiped the crocodile tears away and went to Burgundy this past week where I fell for you all over again, France.
I can sleep in a foxhole with little to eat.
Train
The world of Mimi … this Bread Bite is huge, sprinkled with a lot of seasoning! To share every speck of parmesan would require the writing of a book all of its own entitled Cole Michael. The fun, the laughter, the non-stop chatter, the busyness, the curiosity, the tenderness, the stubbornness, the love, and even occasional frustration … Need I go on? With every effort to do all we can to help lighten the load for his parents, Papaw and Mimi have had Cole at their house as often as possible, or Mimi has spent weekends in Baltimore. Cole’s world continues to be all boy – cars, tractors, stickers, balls, and monster trucks. Despite the unusually warm temperatures this winter, we were truly blessed with a few inches of snow during an overnight visit from Kim and Cole. A year makes such a difference in the fun of a little boy … he graduated from his protective and safe little sled to the adult long board, which allowed him to self-spill and tumble out into the snow. Cole is very excited and shares in the anticipation of Baby Lillie … not quite sure what he is expecting, although the details of tiny, crying, pooping, and sleeping have all been explained to him. For the moment, Baby Lillie is the existence behind Momma’s ever-growing belly, which he kisses, includes in his prayers, and enjoys her company as he raises momma’s maternity top up so she can also watch the CAR movie with him…the preciousness of a little child.
MINGLED, YA paranormal set in a post-apocalyptic America-
I was pleasantly surprised in the end to see that the feathers did indeed show up on the front, almost as well as the white on white on the back. I had expected that they would really disappear as the thread color was so close to the fabric color. My friend really loved the feathers, she said they looked very graceful.... Whoo Hoo!!!
There have even been Easter accessories for Webkinz! In 2009, there was the Powder Puff Carrier, which one could use to tote around a single Webkinz. Also in 2009 was the Bunny Hoody Outfit. For plushies, this hasn't been around since 2009, but it can be purchased anytime from Persephone's shop.
Please click on the links below for easy access to these posts.
So I saved $68.28 today and paid $0 at RCSS - a successful shopping day, I would say! How did you do, and what did you get? Share, won't you? :)
I like to draw the color layer especially during my designing because when I change the mode to overlay, I can readily see whether or not I am going to want to darken or lighten the thread layer so it corresponds to my palette.
I like to wrap my burgers in collard leaves. This one was dressed up with buffalo wing sauce and fermented nut cheese and served with coleslaw. You can also saute your burgers like veggie crumbles. I utilized cabbage again in this quick saute with caramelized onions.
Bob Goff:
At one point, we were working on our triceps by doing a a funky one-armed push up while laying (lying? I can never remember!) on our sides. Chad, I'm not sure if I'm doing it right.
As I take a moment and move my vision beyond those who have climbed this vibratory ladder within our emotional field… I can still see the wide-spread bolts of electricity all over the realm of earth. What I find really interesting… is the energy fueling the portal, super intense, concentrated, directed with purpose.
The OHIM have been keeping up too. TMView is celebrating its first anniversary and although not yet comprehensive it is the best way to search for free across multiple country databases. French data is promised soon and we would like see German data so that there is a good prospect of spotting most of the big issues with a prospective new mark in one operation. You won't be able to clear a mark with this alone but you can certainly eliminate some items off a list.
Says Maria, there will be a wine reception and exhibition to mark the conclusion of the first stage of this investigation. The event will take place at the University of London's Senate House, from 16.30 to 19.00 on 17 March 2011. Admission is free but registration is essential. Further details can be found on the Who owns the orphans website. Enquiries can be emailed to Maria Mercedes here.
It is said that love is blind but friendship is clairvoyant.
Because I’m already gone.
Secrets Of The Sacred White Buffalo by Gary Null PhD 1998 by Prentiss Hall
At the same event, the Newham charity Community Links – which is very active and successful – talked about the choices it faces as the cash dries up. To what extent should it keep some community centres and adventure playgrounds by making the community run them? If they can’t afford to staff the centres properly, should they close them down or employ just enough workers to keep order – and then say that the community and parents must show up to make the whole thing work?
All right? Thank you very much, everybody.
7. “Lilac Wine” featuring Imelda May
Salvatore Gitto, 44, Manalapan, N.J.
Rebekah Maddux El-Hakam
We moved out in a week 6 years ago when we found out that you went back to the Philippines. We LEFT you and yet, you still act like nothing has happened. You actually gloated this year that even after 9 years of constant cheating mum hadn't divorced you. She was still your 'wife'. You still keep on trying to suck all of us back in. You still manage it and I'm tired of playing your games. We left that house over 6 years ago and you still come around every weekend.
Now Training is the original and leading provider of independent Managed Learning Services enabling clients to achieve their business goals through more effective training. Now Training has successfully outsourced training for thirteen years offering an administration service that is unbeatable on both quality and cost including both course and administration costs. Now Training provides customers with an extensive online training catalogue with courses from the top manufacturers in the industry such as IBM, Microsoft, Oracle and VMWare as well as leading providers like Hemsley Fraser, Reed and PTP. The online catalogue boasts a variety of course categories including IT Technical, Business Skills, Personal Development and Project Management. Alternatively Now Training tailor each managed learning service to match our customers' requirements and offer a price guarantee on course cost. Now Training’s service is a vendor neutral managed learning service. The team at Now Training seeks to understand each training requirement and engage an appropriate trainer or training company to tailor a course to the specific needs. Now Training maintains control of the process, each tailored course booking is treated as a small project from booking through to course delivery.
All of your entries have so many incredible qualities! We loved seeing all of your angels, fairies, birds, butterflies, ducks, dragons, owls, bees, airplanes, swans, ladybugs, dragonflies, and yes, even a steampunk blimp!!! If I HAVE to pick ONLY THREE then:
Stephen King is in my ear; I finished listening to Rose Red the other day and was just mesmerised by the main character. It is her diary that we are reading and the voice is fabulous. I’d never heard of this book but am so glad to have discovered it – I’m thinking of finding the paper version so I can peruse the entries. Now I’m listening to his Bag of Bones and enjoying the slow build-up and the plain but smooth writing.
It basically says that we should eat a plant based & whole grain diet to aid in a healthier, longer living life.
A loud voice calls anyone with a purple wrist band numbered 1 – 75 (that’s us) to the studio. We follow a line of people back out into the rain (coat and umbrella-less) and leg it across the path to the George Lucas studio. As we make our way to the ‘Mosh-pit’ (stage right) we realise that we have a fantastic view of the coaches chairs and when the singers are on stage, they’ll actually be very close.
Dear Students,
To me there is something attractive about that notion, staying young, not having real responsibilities, just being free to do what you want, and when you want.
Anyway, off to some town I can’t pronounce in two weeks. I don’t usually cover the Girls Tell All, but maybe I’ll live tweet or post if compelled. It’s usually just a clusterfuck. We’ll see. Feel free to talk me into it. Ben should have kept The Undertaker.
It has been quite a crazy few nights, and I am totally thankful to people who sub stuff!
* Triple points with an AClub membership. (AClub is a free loyalty program accepted at more than 2,300 hotels worldwide. Visit www.a-club.com for information and to join.)
2) share 8 things about myself
"Peace Gull" was a limited cassette of all instrumental Swimsuit jams released on my label sometime this last summer. There were around 50 copies and it sold out pretty quickly. I've been meaning to post a download link to the mp3s for a while, so here it finally is. This tape is some of my favorite of the Swimsuit material because it just kind of washes by in a really soft, basement blur. I hope you like the sounds if you haven't already heard them.
AND THEN FINALLY ; as promised , my monthly....
contingents to ensure that the
A train has advantages over other types of vehicles. It is a highly efficient, consistent, and relatively cheap way to get a lot of people to the same place at the same time. If schooling is like riding a train, as I described in my last post, then schooling is an efficient way to make sure that all students will "get to the same place," educationally, riding on the same tracks at the same pace, right?
Or simply going back to my first point, why is it up to God to change our minds, but Jesus, who IS God, says to “make disciples of ALL nations”? Doesn’t really make sense.
These are just some of the issues you’ll run into when living with a skinny person. You can love them, they can love you. Most likely you’ll enjoy workouts and physical activity together, but you’ll always eat more at the post-workout meal. This is all okay. You’ll get to where you want to be – in your own time, in your own way. As Anthony Robbins says (never mind that he had a tumor on his pituitary gland, which is why he’s so tall and lean…), as he says, “At any time you can turn the shoulds into musts. You can burn the boat.” By burning the boat, I think he means – give yourself no other options. Once I’ve burned my boat, I’ll have to get on the bike because they’ll be no other way back to shore. It will feel like driving a paddle boat, sure – a slow and dorky process seemingly going no where – but, eventually I will arrive.
Because I kept wanting to cook and eat spaghetti with meat sauce, I went to Earth Fare, which is very close to my workplace, on a quest for pink slime free ground beef. On my way there I thought that if I really wanted to compare the organic ground beef to what we had been eating, I should simply make a hamburger. I did both.
The break-up on iLove You is scaring a lot of people. So, I thought I’d say a few words.
“Hi,” the man said in English while punching up data on a computer tablet attached to the cot, “I’m Doctor Ling of the Chinese Army Medical Corp and I'm the senior physician in this ward. One of our scout units found you, a woman, and her two children while inspecting the wreckage of a crashed American fighter. The mother and older child survived while the younger one did not.”
Peter Senge in his book “The Fifth Discipline: The Art and Practice of the Learning Organization (2006) suggested mental models impede or accelerate learning. We need to surface and challenge mental models (p. 167). First, we need to know and surface what impedes individual and collective growth. Second, we must acknowledge there are alternative views based perspective. Third, we need to accept alternative views might be better. We need dialogue. This is more than lip service through idle, banal posturing to promote fads or prove we know the vocabulary. I had to admit my writing needed more. I enjoy listening to people tell me how hard change is. I know. My life is full of change. This is a second career spanning 40 years in the workplace.
Scholars say that there is no harm… in giving a misleading impression if required by an interest countenanced by Sacred Law that is more important than not misleading the person being addressed, or if there is a pressing need which could not otherwise be fulfilled except through lying. (r10.3)
Domitille's children decoration
If it was me, I would call this dish Beef Skillet Fried Rice, but it has been dubbed “Rice Stuff” and it’s out of my hands now. It’s a very easy dish to make and seldom results in leftovers. And I almost always have everything in the house to make it without any advanced planning.
So I filled my tank on Tuesday night, and I started driving like a ‘granny’ as soon as I left the petrol station. I cannot believe I’m admitting this… But I can already see a drastic improvement in my fuel consumption. I’m quite stunned actually, in a very good way! And in all honesty, I’m quite enjoying the ‘chilled’ drive, just brushing off other idiots on the road, just sticking to the rules of the road and doing my thing. And you know what I’ve realised but taking the ‘chilled’ approach? There are a lot of drivers out there who not only don’t know how to drive, think they own the roads and are just plain a**holes, but if everyone just took a chilled approach to driving, there might just be a lot less accidents on our roads.
The sealife is swimming into a new season. With summer (hopefully) right around the corner, the sea creatures are filling up the art room.
Kenneth Jay Lane Foiled Again Statement Necklace
At age 26, Don Mattingly had a lifetime .331 batting average. He had won an MVP, he had led the league in doubles three times, RBIs once, slugging once and total bases twice. He had won three Gold Gloves and was widely viewed as a great fielding first baseman. He had driven in 110 runs four straight years at a time when few did that. It is no wonder that people (and I'm one of those people) remember Don Mattingly with such nostalgia. He was a great baseball player.
Joshua Nkomo was, broadly, Mr Mugabe's contemporary, and a Zimbabwean liberation leader of impeccable credentials.
- from the movie a walk to remember
(Excerpt from You Can Go Home – Deconstructing the Demons, copyright 2012 Sharon Crawford)
Acoustic Ash is also a good friend of mine, one of whom is armed with a guitar (An acoustic one). You may or may not have heard her play as she is playing here, there and everywhere.
When the bad stuff happens to you, it's time to make a choice. I won't be the one to tell you to keep going—the only one who can decide that is you. But you must choose a path. When you get here, to the really hard stuff, you can't stand at the fork in the road without losing it. Choosing a path makes it a little easier, because you're going somewhere again. Maybe it's not how or where you want to go, but it's something. And sometimes that something can turn into loveliness.
08-21 Amsterdam, Netherlands - Olympic Stadium
The highlight of our December was Grammy and Pa coming to visit. The fact that my dad doesn't exactly do airplanes combined with the fact that we had quite a bit of stuff we were hoping to get here from the States led them to drive cross-country to visit us. We were glad to see that blue van pull up with Mr. and Mrs. Clause inside!
I'd be happy to send you a copy of the complete manuscript, which comes in at a little over 85,000 words. Thank you for your time, and I look forward to hearing from you soon.
1 1/2 c seasoned bread crumbs
Dies: Round & Scallopped (Nestabilities)
Several children drew connections between this painting and Gericault's "The Raft of the Medusa," mainly with regard to the pile of dead bodies.
The plain, undeniable fact is that there are double standards in the way justice is doled out in Northern Ireland.
chipboard albums and accents, acrylic albums, and multi-layered laser
you of a time when you knew me and my brother.
But this is more than a political calculation. It is more than just a pander to his base. It is a pander to himself: Obama is a member of his base. He believes this stuff. It is an easy and comfortable political shift for him, because it’s a shift from a phony centrism back to his social-democratic core, from positioning to authenticity.
Do you have any habits you'd never get rid of?
No, actually, it is irrational.
Disc: 1
And now for one of my (in)famous brief asides.
The fourth session of Carrion Crown saw Annie (Grift), the Dan (Darius Carfax St. James), a Dan (Sir Horace Gunderson), Toby (Solis and his eidolon Gea) and Tyler (Alexandros Callimachi) take the exceptionally bold step of exploring a dangerous environ bounded by stone and inhabited by hazardous beings opposed to letting bygones be bygones. In short, they went dungeon-delving.
He came back a moment later and said “What is our e:mail address?”
My personal belief was that these "sports detergents" were nothing more than a marketing scheme and nice smelling soap. I was not going to make this challenge easy for them. I pulled out the big guns including.....3 sets of sweaty kid hockey gear that missed a few washings (on purpose....just for this challenge). There is nothing that compares to hockey stank. Even my sweet little Diva makes me gag when she is done playing.
68. A phenomenon which I have often noticed.
-Water purification & shelf-life extension…CS bottling now illegal in the EU except when labeled for this use
bittersweet slow farewell, if not
“Even to your old age and gray hairs
I mentioned breifly that I wanted to find a volunteer outlet somewhere in the city where I could constuctively invest my newfound free time. I went researching and por casualidad found an organization called Food For Life that operates all around the world and has a branch here in Buenos Aires. They are a free food distribution group that hands out all vegan/vegetarian/organic food. Now I know what you're thinking! Why would poor hungry people needing to be fed care about the ethical quality of food that is put on their plate?? Well, let me tell you about the adventure that led me to the answer!
You drop into the restaurant as you walk by, and approach the chef who is expediting a fairly busy lunch service. He doesn't have time to talk to you right now, but tells you to come back that evening at 4 for a stage. You tell him that you have tickets to a show, but could you come in tomorrow? He asks for a resume. You dont have it with you. When you do show up for your stage, the chef asks you why you want to work in his restaurant; what is it about this place, this food, that turns you on? You stumble through some bullshit answers. He smirks at you. Unpacking your kit you pull out 6 knives, a spatula, tongs, and a handful of spoons. The sous steps in next to you.
I wish this was a joke, but no, –I actually did another 1000 Rep Challenge today. This is when working at a gym pays off. Thanks to my trainer friend Jonathan, I somehow squeezed out another 1000; officially placing me at an all-time record of 3k in 3 days. Honestly, if a fellow trainer hadn’t been pushing me, I wouldn’t have completed that second set of 180 Degree Plyometric Burpees. I certainly wouldn’t have added another riser to my jump stack. (When I saw Jonathan adding a fourth tier to my pile, kicking him in the shin became a pleasantly attractive option… I promise I resisted!)
The big story of the year, I suppose, was the Condi Veep Rumor™. This blog meticulously tracked this non-story right from the tiny seed of its birth, through several mutations and elaborations, right to its death in the glare of the Palin media blitzkrieg.
She just devours him.
Maybe it would help me transition into Fall.
We talk a lot about the steadily increasing rates of autism diagnosis in the US, but we don't hear too much about the rest of the world. In this study, funded in part by Autism Speaks, researchers found a 2.6% incidence of autism in the Korean population.
I have been asking myself the same question of my book lately. How do I know when it's finished? And while my art professor's answer worked for him--he was professionally and aesthetically very successful--I don't think it works for me.
So Nick and I can spend our very first Christmas together...alone
July 26 – Atlanta, GA @ Aaron’s Ampitheater at Lakewood
"I was too tired, duh..."
I Love You Always Forever Donna Lewis
-1 HALF A WHITE ONION FINELY DICED
A large majority of the Finnish population is Lutheran (78 %) and the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland has a legal position as state church. Although the Lutheran faith is so dominating, I wouldn’t say Finns in general are very religious. In a recent poll 29 percent of the respondents stated that religion is important to them. Tradition however is, and I believe many are Lutheran simply because of tradition, not conviction. For many Finns it’s important to be able to have an old-fashioned church wedding, a church christening or funeral.
Level 4: STR: +12, Increases your attack speed.
Prior to commencing any opposition, cancellation or federal trademark infringement action, a trademark owner should confirm that the registration(s) to be asserted are not vulnerable to attack. If problems are identified, a trademark owner may still bring an action; however, the plaintiff should be prepared to litigate its claims based on common law trademark rights. While a common law trademark owner’s burden of proof is higher, and scope of protection can be narrower than that of a federal trademark registrant, there may still be a basis for seeking protection under the law.
Anti-government protesters said they were more determined than ever, and in the multiple demonstrations protesters continued to try to win military support, chanting “the people and the army are one hand.” “Protesting and striking are fundamental rights and the most powerful available means to bring down the regime, so let’s be steadfast and united. Right is above might we shall be victorious,” Nobel Peace laureate Mohamed ElBaradei, whose supporters are among the youth activists organizing the protest movement, said in a Tweet on Friday.
Serve with cornbread or rice. Topped with sour cream
When I got back to the office, though, things started to fall apart. The biggest issue was I forgot my bag with toothbrush, shampoo, and towel! I was super sweaty from having to wear a toque and bundle up, so there was no way I could skip a shower. I had to use GENERIC HANDSOAP from the bathroom sink to lather up and wash my hair, and then dry off with paper towel!! EWWW. At least I remembered a hair dryer and brush!
Results By County
Reasons of the standard: All organizations manage information. Here follows a list of the different operation that are performed with this information.
No they're not. This is another example from the Jingle All The Way school of poster wrecks; slap a Christmas tree in the background and they don;t even HAVE to mention a holiday in the poster. That'll get the holiday crowd in. And while everyone else looks okay, somehow Bob DeNiro got stuck in the Brundlefly machine with Luke Wilson, then got airbrushed, then someone went and Magic Markered some eyebrows on him. Vandals!
I'm sure even the author of 1984 would not have dreamed that a time would truly come, and come so fast, when that last sentence - especially in the chillingly prescient reference to being "frightened to utter" opinions - would be totally and unequivocally and legally untrue, and yet his books would still be read, and admired and venerated, by the very people responsible.
Not letting you out of my arms’ reach
1/4 cup + 1 Tb powdered sugar
Julia says, of her favorite magazine Seventeen, "I look at the pictures and they just don’t look like girls I see walking down the street." She believes the super-polished images contribute to young girls feeling bad about their bodies and their faces. She's a blogger at SPARK, a site dedicated to combatting the sexual objectification of girls and young women.
You can right click on the pics to see them better....
These are exciting times for Black Star Co-op. Earlier this week the Board appointed a location search committee to find us a real home, and our Member-Investor Share Offering is going to the printer this afternoon.
Low Bought In: NA
Current nose
The next morning I got this quote from guru Seth Godin in my news feed from a social media specialist, Amy Porterfield, with many comments attached to it praising the sentiments. Seth Godin usually has short, non-gooey, practical bits of advice, and things to think about it. I subscribe to his blog. Amy Porterfield is a bona-fide expert in her field. I subscribe to her Facebook updates, too.
(without monkey)
Disclaimer 2:
fReAkInG out people!!!!
Billy Bob: Oh shit! I ‘member that, you were rocking her teeth like ACDC. Wasn’t her name Claire?
Good Morning Everyone, Donna here (just got out of hospital mid week) with our latest challenge with the theme of Embossing, so we'd like to see some dry or wet embossing on your cards this week...........but before we get to the cards from the lovely Team A, the winner chosen by random
12. Mary Had a Little Lamb
On the other hand, the Neo-Catholic Conservatives also notice the obvious contradictions, but unlike the sedevacantists, they refuse to deny the reality that is right before them, namely, that there is, in fact, a pope and bishops. In this way, their position is more reasonable. However, they also make the Magisterium into an absolute reality that must be obeyed down to the smallest letter, even in the face of the obvious contradictions. In order to reconcile the contradictions, the Neo-Catholic Conservative must rely on endlessly interpreting both the former Magisterium and the present Magisterium. The faith is, at best, reduced to doctrinal syllogisms, all the more ludicrous because these syllogisms completely ignore the law of non-contradiction. At worst, the faith is reduced to meaningless rhetorical sophistry, and there are many examples of this in the modern Church.
Of all the things I might have expected to encounter in an Ayahuasca vision, this seemed to be a real non sequitur. What in the world was this coin and why was Mother Ayahuasca showing it to me? I was at a complete loss. She seemed to understand my confusion, and she held the coin up for me to see. Like a camera close up, I instantly got a super close view of the face of the coin. It was a standard Peruvian “One Sole” coin, worth about thirty US cents. On its face, it read “Un Nuevo Sol.” Now that I had perceived this, the virtual camera switched me back to the wider shot of her holding the coin for me. Again, she widened those amazing eyes in inquiry, and now obvious merriment. I could almost hear her saying, “Do you get it yet?” I knew this was very important, and a smile played on my lips, too, but I still had no idea what to make of this small yellow coin.
Noah’s Ark has a range of hands-on and interactive workshops which are sure to engage and entertain your class, making for an unforgettable day out in Bristol.
I'll go first:
Employees of the Botswana Society for the Deaf say the deadline for them to be paid their wages for March and April has come and gone without any relief for them.
Beth looks like a quintessential vegan in her photo and she uses wholesome organic free range things. She is not a vegan but her vegetarian and vegan choices are all something that I would love to have placed in front of me on a regular basis. I checked out her website for her graphic art and was most impressed. Funky, Retro and very Vegan in flavour and by the look of it, an up and coming force in the graphic art world. Good luck Beth and cheers for the delicious recipes. Here’s the graphic art design website if you want to check out Beth and her hubby’s art work
Things like peas and carrots find their spiritual home on stamps I think! Suddenly, they are as sweet as they sound....
Design team members are required to make 2 or more creations for each monthly challenge. This can be whatever you would like to make as long as you follow the challenge themes.
Fancy this: You're rushing through the London rain-late to your appointment, getting soaked and cursing your luck-when suddenly you find yourself in a wholly unfamiliar place chatting with a crazy old man by the name of Cosimo. He not only knows everything about you but claims to be your great-grandfather. And then, before you know it, you are hurled into the midst of an unlikely adventure involving the hidden dimensions of the universe.
My dad's auctioneer friend had an auction last week and I went a little nuts bidding. It was a wonderland of kitsch and craziness that I just couldn't resist! I won't even bother to sing the blues to you all about the great stuff I lost, because I managed to come away with enough goodness to make me quite the happy camper... It is all getting listed for sale of course (look for a post on that stuff this weekend!) except for this:
15:30 - Coffee break
The set broke the Topps record for the most subsets
And as I face the circumstances, transform me
Guess what happened next?
For those unfamiliar with the scene, author Chetan Bhagat had made an issue of the credit the movie-maker Vidhu Vinod Chopra gave to Chetan’s book for having adopted its storyline for the movie. The creditline should have been bigger, bolder, and more prominent, said Chetan Bhagat. The film-maker, on his part, held Chetan got more than his due. Director Raju Hirani had apparently re-worked the story so much that what viewers saw in ’3 Idiots‘ didn’t relate to what they read in 5-PS.
He tried to move as she ran towards the door and out of it but his body seemed as if it had taken roots.
ABV: 8.8%
Whaddya think?
A Who Framed Roger Rabbit? ripoff.
Special Enquiry Bureau (S.E.B) ‘D’
My husband brought home a repair tag from work .....from the new glass he had put in one side of our guinea pig cage. He left the tag on the bathroom counter with his receipt attached to it, and when I spotted it yesterday I had a "brilliant" thought ..."Wouldn't that make a cute Get Well card for my sister-in-law having surgery on her herniated disk?!"
The retail price of diesel would drop by eight sen to RM2.50 a litre, he said in a statement.
I have a small amount of shirts left and I want to sell them! Every penny you pay for the shirts go toward helping us bring our daughter Harper home!
Beginning at the Old Battleground trailhead, the first section is a relatively flat stretch along Horsepen Creek and the southern arm of Lake Brandt. After just a tenth of a mile, you’ll encounter one of the highlights of this part of the trail—a 200-feet long wooden walkway that snakes and bends its way through the forest. You’ll also find several great views of the creek and lake along the way where blue herons and egrets are common sights. The still waters make this area a great place for photographers looking to capture the water’s mirror-like reflection of the landscape. The first section ends at the Atlantic & Yadkin Greenway after about three-quarters of a mile.
Here is Pin Up Candy – another of the beautiful retro models and artists in Poland. I let Candy present herself:
Skype: jaknburt
It’s Bea’s first Christmas with her baby son, and this year she’s determined to do everything right. But there is still so much to do: the Christmas menu needs refining; her café, The Honey Pot, needs decorating; and she’s invited the whole neighbourhood to a party on Christmas Day. She really doesn’t have time to get involved in two new people’s lives, let alone fall in love…When Olivia gets knocked over in the street, however, Bea can’t help bringing her into The Honey Pot and getting to know her. Olivia’s life is even more hectic than her own, and with her fiancé’s entire family over from Ireland for Christmas, she shouldn’t be lingering in the cosy warmth of Bea’s café. Chloe, on the other hand, has nowhere else to go. Her affair with a married man has alienated her friends, and left her lonelier than ever.But Christmas is a magical time, and in the fragrant atmosphere of The Honey Pot, anything can happen: new friends can be made, hearts can heal, and romance can finally blossom…
Actor: Jean Dujardin, The Artist
I want to go too far when I hold you close
While I hope you are not going into marriage with the though that divorce is on the horizon – calling off a wedding is a much better idea than going through with it and then calling divorce lawyers a few weeks later - but in the instance that you and your new husband decide you made a mistake, it’s only appropriate to return all of your wedding gifts.
And what's more relevant than the struggling artist - a metaphor for the instinct to explore and prosper and change things - banging his or head against the brick wall of fortune - until a possible solution appears?
Tate also starred as his companion in the fourth series of the show.
For now we will take it one pain free day at a time. The Anesthesiologist said “You have had a raging forest fire in your face for over four years. We will hope for good results in calming down that nerve.”
Rapid youngster Alistair Fisher narrowly missed winning the third round of the MSA British Rally Championship when an engine misfire cost him time and dropped him from a relatively healthy lead back to second overall but, after two retirements from the opening two rallies of the British Championship he was still relieved to see the finish; I am pretty frustrated really as I could have won this rally! The stages were good but it was very tricky when the rain came on Saturday afternoon and in the end I was just glad to see the finish ramp!
That is tango.
In the afternoon I spent more time with my sister and mom exploring Hallowell and the evening was filled with mom's good cooking. We headed to bed early and left in the morning for one more adventure. Natasha had asked Chris to read some of his poetry for possible voice-overs in a film that is being made about the Occupy movement here in Maine. After, we were on the road with a pottery drop-off for Ironbound Gallery in Camden (they plan to open mid May!) and some grocery shopping.
waft-like swoon of beak to bulb, a brief repast,
Mr O’Neewl ignored him.
Chapter 3 - Volcanoes and Earthquakes
There were also wild flowers here and there that people were desperately trying to photograph from various angles. We were very lucky with the weather. There were some rains a couple of days before so everything was lush green. We passed by one fallen redwood that was recently cut to clear the trail.
I'm Trella. I'm a scrub. A nobody. One of thousands who work the lower levels, keeping Inside clean for the Uppers. I've got one friend, do my job and try to avoid the Pop Cops. So what if I occasionally use the pipes to sneak around the Upper levels? The only neck at risk is my own…until I accidentally start a rebellion and become the go-to girl to lead a revolution.
” You speak of love Andromeda, and know nothing of it,
Spelling – Trainig Mode instead of Training. This is a simple thing but it just grates on my nerves every time I see it. There are other spelling errors throughout the App. Obviously, this is a side-effect of poor translation from another language
That's when she went to Target and the rest is streamlined beautification history!
The late Vince Gironda, aka "The Iron Guru," was one of bodybuilding's most-influential personalities and one of the greatest physique trainers of all-time.
If you have any organization ideas for me specifically or in general please email me at jobrycreationsatgmaildotcom. I’ll post anything that I love and I love everything:) so please don’t hesitate to share!
Palate: Again smooth grain, candied nuts, dry sherry, a less sweet/dryer Ron Zacapa 23. Pine, gentle oak, fresh roast java. Quite smooth and drinkable at 65.5 per cent. Water brings out sweet spiced rum of the highest quality.
The kid was an outcast for the whole month of October.
It’s clear that parting company is difficult. It is even more difficult to achieve with both grace and autonomy. When we desire to take sovereignty of our own lives and our own spiritual paths are we truly the best judge of when we are ready? If it is not necessary to ‘cut the ties’ in anger, why is that so common? Is it a necessary stage of development to separate ourselves from our parents (biological or spiritual) in order to truly recognize our own sovereignty?
That’s how I met the wonderful Cynthia Bland who is a childhood sexual abuse survivor and the founder of Voice Found. She had a dream and was willing to do whatever it took to make it come true. And I was more than willing to help her achieve that.
I'm not taking any grad classes this semester, in hopes of focusing on wedding planning. We've been so laid back about the plans (minus one minor cry about the bridesmaid dresses...story to come later) that I'm a smidgen nervous that we're going to go into full-on freak out mode sometime soon.
ALLENDE ARTS FESTIVAL
How do you engage fans with your blog and not lose them from Facebook?
1.choose favourite snacks
17. Mackenzie Crook is very enthusiastic about Doctor Who, and they’ve tried to cast him “a million times”, but the dates have never worked out. He was almost cast as Clive in “Rose”.
Oh. And you’re welcome.
He goes on to state archeological discoveries include the palaces of Herod and the pavement where Jesus stood before Pilate. They have also discovered the astronomical tables in ancient Babylon which give the exact date which the Star of Bethlehem was revealed. “Many events which previously passed for “pious tales” must now be judged to be historical.[1]”
The amazing thing was, she kept staring at me and smiling.
It's kept by the few
The Mongaup is a lot of fun for those looking to improve any boating skill–surfing, kayaking, and canoeing. Also! It’s dam-released from the bottom meaning the water is cold! Have a drysuit or don’t plan on swimming because it sucks the heat out of you quick.
Disbanded empty handed from the quest
“No, but if you let me go out tonight I can probably find the other cat again and ask him.”
By my reading of that newly found archive, that is. Back in June 2004 I noted this:
I think I have a lot of planning to do.
However, he did also admit that Greece’s debt is 120% of GDP, that the interest rate it pays on its borrowings is up to 5%, and that it is suffering 6% negative growth.
Now here's the thing. We don't go Black Friday shopping for the deals. Although I love a good deal. But no. Mom and I go because we have fun doing it. It's our thing that we do together.
By the way, if anyone ever thought that advancing age--I will celebrate my 70th birthday in June--means your life becomes predictable and hum-drum, think again. As long as passion is your driving force, the adventure never ends. Take it from one who knows.
fire, fire, burning bright --
Dw and the kids and I have been sitting around brainstorming.
Ware had two projects in progress at Motown during this period. He was producing songs for T-Boy Ross, and he was recording his own solo album. But when label president Berry Gordy heard one of the proposed Ross tracks, "I Want You," he decided that Marvin Gaye should cut it instead. And when Gaye heard the material Ware had done for his album, it was turned into a Gaye LP instead. Ware produced what now became Gaye's I Want You album, released on Tamla in March 1976, having co-written all the songs on it. The title tune (co-written with Ross) topped the R&B charts and made the Top 20 of the pop charts. It went on to become a standard, covered by Herb Alpert, Gato Barbieri, Madonna, and Michael McDonald among many others. Robert Palmer's medley of it with "Mercy Mercy Me (The Ecology)," another Gaye hit, reached the pop Top 20 in 1991. The I Want You album went to number one on the R&B charts and the Top Ten of the pop charts. It spun off a second single, "After the Dance," co-written by Ware, Ross, and Gaye, that made the R&B Top 20 and was a pop chart entry.
And I do mean hard-earned.
“When the baby grows up, people find they cannot look after it anymore as its behaviour will change a lot. That’s how some of our monkeys have ended up here.”
Unveiling of The Wave, an art and media installation.
I love you guys. Thank you, thank you, thank you!!
My photos from last year are here and I frequently flick through them for inspiration. It is a must for anyone who likes quilting or patchwork.
Try to keep up with the facts, and most importantly, don’t question them. Actually, don’t even try to keep up with the facts, just take them for face value.
SONG: “Staying Alive”
Sewing this cushion together at the back (the last seam) was trickier than the first because I hadn't left much excess fabric to work with. After some help holding it properly from Z, a broken nail, and some severely sore and tired hands, the cushion was closed (but looked like crap on that back seam) and fitted to the chair. Shhh, don't tell anyone how bad the back seam was. :)
It's very much my opinion that women are often toxic towards other women in all walks of life, and it's something I work very hard on myself as I will admit that, as I've got a fairly unique territory, my knee jerk reaction is often to jealously guard it - which I then stop myself doing unless it's justified.
FIBER CONTENT
fight all the way to the convention?
this week, that the basis of all creation in Second Life
Julia Cameron’s original idea was/is for something called morning pages. I have found that as long as you get them done they help you become more creative and productive. But there is definitely value in getting them done in the morning.
My wife and I went to have an ultrasound yesterday and found out that we are expecting triplets. We already have a 2 year old daughter and the thought of adding 3 more and doubling our family was a bit overwhelming. Not to mention the fact that the doctor doing the ultrasound was incredibly negative. He put on the doomsday cap and started telling us everything that could go wrong and that we should consider a selective reduction around week 10-12 mark.
I have seen many references on the web to using commercially available soap, grating it up and melting it in water and adding some glycerine to thicken...I went through the whole process of trying this method, but using my cold processed soap instead, and it failed completely! I even tried whipping the liquid with a a hand-held blender and it didn't thicken at all...
Most people wipe down the equipment after they're finished. I do that. But I also wipe it down before I start, just in case the person before me forgot. Then I set the seat height to 12, throw my leg up and over, then bounce a few times to get used to the seat. A click on 'quick start', a push of the up arrow to level three, and I start pumping. Ear plugs are inserted, a playlist selected. Then it's time to go.
Cooking lager is certainly cheap, but the worst that can be said of it is that it’s bland. There is nothing wrong with it. If you prefer making yourself rich and not brewers and publicans you drink whatever is both decent and cheap, and steer clear of the sting.
Now, I didn't say anything, but I was thinking ^%$#, !@#$;^%$. It's 2 in the morning. Instead of giving me a ticket for driving like a tourist, they get out of the car and strole into the hotel. Not a good sign... at least they aren't after me. But knowing they were there for someone IN the hotel had me a bit worried.
year
Fortunately, Hunter and my other friends are fine. I'm hoping they didn't suffer much damage to their homes. Watching the footage was horrific and my heart goes out to everyone affected, obviously.
So when my good pal Joe of Foodie and Blogger fame sent me a note saying that he was heading to NYC from DC, I knew a little trip on the train was in order to meet up with him. After going through a plethora of Manhattan options, he said that we must make a visit to Le Singe Vert, aka The Green Monkey. So a trip on the NJ transit got me into Manhattan around 3:30PM, so I killed some time at Chelsea Market before heading back to 7th Avenue to meet up with Joe.
A native of Trim, Co. Meath he is the leader of The Meath Writers' Circle which was founded in 1992. They meet on the first Thursday of every month in Trim Castle Hotel. Tommy has written 12 books including "With the Boyne Through Trim", "Stella's Cottage" and "Where was Wellington Born?" He has collected 40 awards for literature including The Poet of Fingal Trophy and the Nora Fahy prize.
I’ve long advocated for an internationalization strategy: diversifying various assets and interests overseas so that no one single government has total control over your livelihood.
Ok, my Supermom Lovelies, here is your next assignment: CHOOSE ONE MOM IN YOUR LIFE THAT YOU INTERACT WITH ON A REGULAR BASIS AND FOR THE NEXT MONTH BE HER BIGGEST CHEERLEADER!
When Revile, the evil alien who terrorized the Imagine Nation in the past resurfaces Jack must discover his past as well as master his newfound powers if he's going to be able to fight against Revile and save the Imagine Nation and the entire world.
Dont buy one it's a lie.
Oh be still my heart! I seriously love newborn sessions so much, and it had been months since I'd done one previously. Not to be all melodramatic, but it felt like coming home :)
Will: just leave everything to the free market
4) Purge: Amy says that a good look at the items in your closet could help to put your spending practices into perspective. Plus, if you haven’t worn something in a year, then chances are you’re not going to. Donate it to go Goodwill where it will resurface in the reuse market.
This is god's list of things he finds yucky, don't they all deserve equal attention?
_____I HATE it when girls….. have this attitude like they are prettier, smarter, skinnier and more successful than me….and they ARE (funny hate quote)
This spring, on I HATE MY TEENAGE DAUGHTER, Annie (Jaime Pressly) and Nikki (Katie Finneran) face a whole new set of child-rearing challenges when Sophie (Kristi Lauren) and Mackenzie (Aisha Dee) try out for their high school’s cheerleading squad, want to attend an unsupervised senior party and go on an overnight ski trip.
After getting a room and leading the girls to the room the guys weren’t shy about their intentions. Kissing and on the way to getting naked, all four of them were in this hotel room making out. This is when Isabel woke up from her vodka induced coma. She decided that she was in the wrong place at the wrong time. “This isn’t right, I want to go home!” she said as she grabbed her jacket and stormed out the door. After a couple of minutes, she stuck her head back in the door and demanded “Let’s go Marianna. I’m not doing this.” “Isabel, get your ass back in here. We’re just having a little fun”, Marianna responded. “Why don’t you be more like your friend?” Roger said to Isabel. This upset Isabel more than she could express. “If you don’t come out of there, Marianna, I’m walking home.” Isabel said as she slammed the hotel door.
Looking forward now into 2012 and beyond we know there are a number of large goals that we want to make progress towards. One of them is Will’s education. In my own lifetime I’ve seen the cost of university education sky-rocket in Australia and I wouldn’t want to bet that this trend is likely to reverse by the time our son has the choice to pursue tertiary study.
0:)
Simply make a card or other project with some sort of bug on your project.
“Erbribble drr drr mrump blaaaaarh!”
Inks: Memento tuxedo black (Tsukineko)
Fax: 303-440-7114
Those of you who have been the vanguard of this movement have now entered a state of Being where your efforts are being supported by these new energies and you will find that it becomes a joyful service rather than a necessary chore.
For the rest of the week our Warm Up will consist of the following (may be done indoors or outdoors) Preferably in order:
3. Using a pastry blenderor 2 knives, cut the shortening into the flour mixture until coarse crumbs form. (or you can do this in the food processor too)
Doing renovations to your home can be incredibly stressful. It's expensive, there are always going to be unforeseen problems which mean that you can't be absolutely sure you'll achieve the look you're after. My advice would be to bring in a professional, even if it's only at the very beginning, so that you can start the project on the right foot and spot the potential when there's time (and money) to take action. Doing it this way means everybody wins.
Bottom: Blue “Molly” jeans from SOUTH
In exchange for her father’s life, Amarantha agrees to marry the dreadful Beast and be his wife for seven days. Though the Beast cannot take Amarantha’s virginity unless she begs him to, he can and does take her in every other way. From the moment they are alone together, the Beast relentlessly strips Amarantha of all her resistance.If Amarantha can resist her cloaked and terrifying husband, she gains his entire fortune and will be allowed to return to her family and a normal life. But the Beast seduces her at every turn, exposing, binding, tormenting, and pleasuring Amarantha until she no longer knows her own deepest desires. Increasingly desperate to break the curse that chains his humanity, the Beast drives Amarantha past every boundary. But her desire for a normal life may jeopardize the love that will save them both.
I am enjoying the peace after a very hectic first half of 2011, before it gets busy again.
You never know when or from where knitting inspiration will come. Fast forward to December, 2011 and my bead-buying frenzy. Picture a tube of Miyuki 8/0 round seed beads in pink-lined crystal. “Oh, wouldn’t these beads look lovely worked into a nice, lacy scarf?” the knitter in me thought as I looked at the tube of beads. “And I have just the perfect yarn to go with these lovely pink beads.” Yes, the pink Kid Mohair had finally found its purpose in life.
He snorts and show disgusting face.
What I mean is, what do you think makes your life happier than it would be if you were in school, based on what you see and hear from your schooled friends/cousins?
the deeper my awe at God's infinite love......
I've wasted my time this morning, and I'm deeply ashamed.
A story about three people searching for love in the most unconventional way. Bryan Finley and his partner Damien Earley would like a third in their relationship. While Damien is on a business trip, Bryan meets Mara Devine a sultry sexy vixen who’s insatiable and wants the same. Damien has other thoughts in mind but Mara does everything in her power to turn the tables in her favor.
Tell 7 things about yourself
I took several pictures with shirts but only one gentleman approached me. He had frosted hair and a slight European accent. He was wearing Ed Hardy. He introduced himself and handed me his card. I found myself wondering why he was talking to me. We were so obviously mismatched. Then I remembered I had made the first move! I’d made a pass at him. Nervously I tried to make small chat. From the looks of him, I assumed he wore cologne, and there had been one shirt I picked that smelled like an amazing cologne, so I told him he had super cologne. He blanched and swore he didn’t wear cologne anymore. Now I’d said something that made it seem like I could instantly recognize his scent and match it with one of the many shirts I’d smelled. I was that tuned in with him. He was looking at me like we had this deep connection. I think I said I had to go to the bathroom and politely ran away.
First up was the Aprihop with a cheese from Spain called Drunken Goat. The pairing was decent enough, but it didn't really sing to me, so to speak. The Red & White, however, went splendidly with an Australian blue cheese called Roaring 40's Blue, with the fruity flavors of orange and Pinot Noir juxtaposed against the formidable funk of the cheese. Raison d'Etre and Black & Blue were paired adequately with a French cow cheese and an Italian sheep cheese respectively.
A hand to lift me is all I care
This is such a gorgeous set and surprisingly very easy to stamp each step!! It is perfect for Mother’s Day for sure! (If my mom was still with me, this would be the card I give because Iris is her favorite flower).
In organization since 1974, Giordano’s is well-known for their pies stuffed with cheese. So they set out to make their personal double-crust pies. They’re topped with anything from sausage to shrimp. But it’s the stringy, chewy mozzarella you’ll keep in mind.
Tough Shit: Life Advice from a Fat, Lazy Slob Who Did Good was released on March 20, 2012 by Gotham, an imprint of Penguin Group.
hurting the GOP?
"That his hat? It look like his hat," said Taylor's mother, looking at a dark navy Yankees cap on the ground next to the body, next to an overturned plastic cup placed over a recovered shell casing. Two of Taylor's brothers at the scene, both tall, well-built men, wore identical hats.
Since the whole item is intended to celebrate a significant birthday for my younger sister, I added the year in i-cord. I was ten, and had always considered myself as the little one in the family, when my sister was born. Fortunately, I have enjoyed her company from the first moment she came home from the hospital - how can that possibly be so long ago?
Once I sat down to eat my specialty burrito, Jack walked up with two crab tacos. “Not my first choice,” he said. “But still pretty good.” We decided to stroll beside the marina as we ate. Early into our walk Jack got a text from a friend who was coming to visit. In addition to these preset plans, he worked early the following morning. Our day had to be cut short. I saw Jack to his bus. Since our schedules don’t coincide, I kissed Jack goodbye, not knowing when I would see or hear from him next.
Having been within schools and reached out to the community locally I have communicated extensively with teachers, parents, and community members, especially given the important work we at the Community Education Task Force are building. Several revealing conversations with various concerned parties have proved insightful during our outreach.
Homework- Give each student a Take Home Test #1 for their parents to go over with them to review what we have done in class. Parents need to help their child fill this out and bring back to class the following week. Students that complete their homework and bring it back to class will be able to play Homeworkopoly. Each Sunday the students make a mini story book and/or story wheel in class. Students need to read these to their parents (or the parents read to them) the mini book and/or story wheel for homework.
I slept 2 hours a night and that was only if my dad didn’t need me to guard the henhouse or stand in the cornfield with a straw hat on. We worked ‘til we dropped. And when the dizziness and disorientation set in, we drank black coffee by the jug and slapped each other repeatedly across the face. It was decent and right and made for a better America.
2: After persevering with a pram for a few months, and hating it, I finally discovered baby-wearing and purchased my first proper sling. It was a cheap Mei Tai from eBay. I found it easy to get on by myself, could wear Nookie on my front or back with ease, and actually really liked it. Unfortunately the straps were a little thin, and as time went on and Nookie grew it became uncomfortable to use for long periods.
Way over a year removed from all this, I can honestly say that my life has calmed down quite a bit from then, even on the most harried of days, I don't feel the panic that I did then, thank God. What I do feel is change in the air...and that's a good thing. A very good thing.
Falsies:
If I were in my brother’s position, I would certainly not be glad being tied down to a marketing job, and no amount of sweets would make up for that. I mean, I can just go into a supermarket and get as many chocolates I want. I would hate to see my parents glowing with pride when I’m stuck with a job I never wanted. That means they don’t know what makes me truly happy at all.
What I’d like to draw your attention to is the fact that when a wave moves horizontally along a rope, the particles in the rope do not move horizontally. If they did move horizontally, the rope would eventually break! In fact, they move up and down. What moves along the horizontal direction is the movement itself. If we want to consider the wave a thing, we have to concede that it is not made up of a specific set of particles. It is a process, and the particles are just the medium by which the process flows.
“What the fuck are you booing for?” an upset attendee said to the man. (OK, it was me.)
Clash City Rockers
Until then, I will start posting pictures and small tutorials.
To call Alexander Zemlinsky a forgotten composer would be an exaggeration: a quick search on the site of a leading online retailer shows nearly a hundred available recordings of his music. Yet how many of us can name more than a handful of his works beyond the Lyric Symphony? Marc Moskovitz’s new biography will help train a spotlight on this composer/conductor/pianist, lover of Alma Schindler and brother-in-law of Schoenberg. Here is an edited extract from the book’s preface:
Tonight I was playing around with the look... Hope you like it.
She has many more but considers these as the best.
A3) Ricky Tuffy - Nuclear War
Security
I didn't even bother telling my mother, but my brother told it for me: "She was crying over Kurt Cobain like it was someone in our family." My mother proceeded to harangue me over why I was wrong to feel the way I did, until I screamed at her, grabbed my purse, and ran out of the house. My best friend Yemaya O'Reilly, also a hip-hop girl who loved Nirvana, and I got rip-roaring drunk that night, and I slept it off in her little studio apartment above her parents' garage.
This was a rather quick and easy read but I did find it enjoyable none the less, I do love a good man love read. The imagery was very well described throughout; it really helped you get entranced in the story and gave the read a spooky edge. This was very much a paranormal read, with a sprinkling of steam. I found myself wanting to read more about Anson and Barrett’s past, more about how Barrett came to be a father, what they will do now that they have rediscovered each other. I really liked the psychic element to the story, sometimes in books that just isn’t done very well or done in a very cliché way, but I found it came across very well in this read. I also liked the choice of character names, character names can really make a book less inviting for me or make me not want to read it and reading the same names over and over in so many books just gets boring.
We knew our time was limited.
Main Start/Finish Aid Station: Trudy Nepstad, Kristi Mayo, Karen Williams, Rick Mayo, Dave Boone, "Awesome" Robbie McPherson, (and many others).
- I haven’t get used to having make-up on my face yet. Or maybe I didn’t do it properly. I don’t know. I wore it very lightly, even Nhung had to take time to spot what I did, but I have the feeling it’s too harsh on my face. At the same time, there’s something missing also.
This is so sweet..
Although I suspect it’ll make it onto a fetish site somewhere in the dark bowels that lie outside of the republic of internet, on the questionable erotica isle.
Even for my standards of cheese-loving - this seems high, no?
Through such clemency was every seed sown.
So I mentioned in a previous post that I’m currently loving Yves Saint Laurant’s Perfect Touch foundation.
Both moments produced lots of screaming and jumping and hugging. Face to face, on the phone, inside, outside – nowhere was safe from the excitement (and relief).
1st steep: 50 seconds (as vendor recommends), light ochre colored liquid, planty aroma, smooth and lightly fruity flavor. The leaves in the pot (once we had strained out the liquid) had a strongly roasty aroma akin to used coffee grounds. This first steep is just to wake up the leaves. You can drink it or toss it. We drank it.
You may have noticed that my posting pace has slowed down a bit this week. I've had an issue with my hip joint that escalated for the past 7 months. I've spent that time working through various therapies and treatments. Unfortunately they didn't work. It reached the point that I had to have some major surgery done to repair the problems. Happily, I've made it through the surgery and I'm now home starting my long road to recovery!
Garter—is that the queen’s flag (and not Diana’s
For a Jewish audience, to call someone Lord seems to violate the foundational principles of the Hebrew Bible as found in the shema. If the Lord is One, and Jesus is Lord, then he must be the One God. While that has been the claim of John’s gospel all along, that is a shocking statement for the Jewish world to accept. We know from the book of Acts that there was a suppression of the apostolic claim that Jesus is Lord.
Why do I suspect that the actual information (that Eoin fails to link to) doesn't quite support the "evil, corrupt Tories are selling off the NHS in return for trinkets" line that our fearless blogger peddles?
1. Stir melted butter, brown sugar, and corn syrup together to make a caramel mixture.
I don’t tend to read much magical realism, but Allen’s writing has a wonderfully simple, cozy quality that makes it the perfect read for a summer day.
I’m so glad the nice lady helped me, as we wouldn’t have found the place without her.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the diced bacon and onion and cook until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook a minute until fragrant. Remove bacon, onion and garlic with a slotted spoon and set aside for a few minutes to cool.
DPs: Echo Park
“I want parents to know it’s a possibility their kids are doing this … I want them to talk to their kids about the way they do about safe sex or drugs.
Frisee and endive salad with blackberry mangalitsa emulsion, tangerine supreme and candied pecans
A young man who saw the explosion said the dead pedestrian was one of his fellow classmates.
It always sits right here
I have used stamps by Flourishes "From the Garden" set. I love this set! I've colored it with Copics and added some Stickles for shine. The DP (which I've distressed) is cardstock by Heidi Grace: Only Time. I used Spellbinders to cut out the panels. A jumbo flower brad by Spare Parts in the upper right was covered with Stickles and then I added tiny gems and a pearl to it.
This situation brings me to the workplace. Do you dislike any of your co-workers? Let’s pretend neither of us screamed YES!!!!!!!!!!!! to this question. But without being too irrational and direct, let’s think of the character of these people: conceited, bossy, selfish, rude, and simply miserable. They also love to bully you and target your flaws and put you down in group settings and really just make you feel so small. A bully really knows how to get under your skin, for example, one that I may know of actually targets social stereotypes that are so slick it is hardly detectable, and of course nobody does anything about it because bullies hold this power that dominates the submissive into a fearful state that they will be socially destroyed by taking action. How do you react? Go along with it? Smile, laugh, throw in a sugar coated negative comment that could make fun of them? Do you dream up ways of getting them fired or murdered? Okay, I am drifting in to the dark side. But when do you decide there is a line between being fake with them and having self integrity? I am trying to figure this out, too. Maintaining a calm and collected attitude while executing a job well done is the most important idea during a shift, and I certainly to not want to go to work without the pain of working with a monster and without feeling so awkward. After such a painful shift, it is like one needs to go home and regroup to feel like their normal self again. I hate the idea of having to put on a facade while at work, working is not only for the pay, but to do a great job for the company and have a peaceful environment with everyone. Some bitches just don’t get it. It is like a tribulation having to involve oneself with people who you KNOW talk behind your back then smile at your face. But thus far it has been a success to maintain a positive attitude and not run anyone over with a MAC truck. And you see? It rubs off on the person being bullied, for example, I have already called people bitches and douchebags in this post. I tried not to be hypocritical, perhaps slightly. These people are not perfect, as I have listed their flaws above, but it is their ignorance that is truly the end result of maximizing their flaws over their potential ability of a great worker. Maybe one day if it becomes far too intolerable, justice will be served or maybe they will change their bullying ways. Sadly, some people may never have the chance for reformity. The kindness they bestow now and then is just TOO fake to justify redemption.
But, right at the end of the session,
Full details about the internship programme and how to apply for a bursary will be published in May. Think you might be interested? Then please register your interest today.
We walked downstairs and I gave her a few things I'd packed in a backpack for her. She was overwhelmed I'm sure.
I feel the warmth of the afternoon sun shining on me as I am stepping forward on a path leading through the forest, enjoying the soft soil under my feet. I have a look at the canopy of treetops, smell the piny fragrance that unfolds on dry, sunny days only and listen to the birds…
I heard Jim muttering about how I wouldn't really get good health care there, it's damp, and the Brit-ish aren't funny, and then he became one with his idiot box.
Our plan is to begin filming in June 2011 and to have shooting wrapped up by September, allowing 5 months for editing with the first première happening in February 2012.
For more info: 775-224-9158
A Diocese “response team” set up to deal with suspected child abuse by priests was never even activated, she said.
Creme didn’t understand why everyone was so angry, or why they were now dodging stampedes of people and flying rocks. Today was supposed to be a happy day, the day they went to the city because of daddy.
The body of one -
11. Destination Ecstacy
Mary is the shy one, Lisa the cute one, Linda the funny one and Sandra the sexy one!
place an order for computerized system formats:
11/17/2008 - San Francisco, CA - The Fillmore
Be sure to encourage an praise your child every time you do something therapeutic that they tolerated. Recognize their attempt if they didn't tolerate it well. It's hard work for these kids (and you) and progress can be slow. Don't give up and don't let your child give up.
Street of Black Dogs
“Well, Bertie, don’t you remember how much it hurt before She discovered the lump on your side and took you to the vet where you were given antibiotics and a painkiller? Do you not remember how much better you felt after that?”
I dug up the oregano yesterday with a sharp shooter shovel. It felt good!
Take the journey with her, if you dare.
5. Encouraging competition
But hey, you can hold your head up high, and tell the world you aren't a used car! (Well, technically, after you divorce, you WILL be, but... um... that can be one of those little "mysterious" details you never tell about yourself.)
Assembly was fairly simple without many hiccups along the way. Although it took nearly a year to build, I'm very satisfied with the build quality and overall looks of the plane. Hope its fast. Will maiden this weekend if weather permits.
I poked him back. "Okay."
This seems to be the master from the VHS from the late 80s, and although I don’t have a copy to compare it to the DVD, I can’t see a master this bad being made any later than 1993. The clarity is ok, seeming like a very good VHS, and the only video sourced issue seems with crane shots, which have this strange shaking image that doesn’t seem to be from the original presentation.
I will forever be thankful to finally learn the real truth about nutrition! Read all about it in Sally Fallon's Nourishing Traditions Cookbook- she has great introductions with a wealth of information.
- That's him, say E@L. A Woolongong lad, what can you do. And there was a Welsh guy too. Bruce.
Luckily I was home alone this weekend and nobody could be disgusted with my messy creative'ness.
This production updates the action to 20th century Germany, covering the first and second world wars, with Faust caught up in the middle of it all. The number cultural references are bewildering, and I'm sure I missed loads. The opening has a landscape redolent of Caspar David Friedrich, the ne plus ultra of romantic nature worshipping teutonic heroism as a backdrop for Faust's evocation to nature. Leni Reifenstahl's film Olympia crops up too, as well as the outbreak of the first world war (in a daringly comedic pantomime), Brownshirts, communists and the rise of the Nazis, Kristallnacht, and it all ends in Auschwitz. When Faust dreams of Marguerite she appears as a sleeping Brunhilde replete with ring of fire, as the German public and Nazi officials look on (am I the only one who got this? No one else has mentioned it yet!). It's an extended commentary/critique/sending up of German culture and history, but how relevant is it really to the Faust story? What about this "konzept" really illuminates the characters or drama? I'm all for intelligent Regie theatre, but there needs to be some sort of essential and meaningful correspondance between the new situation and the original intention of the composer for it to yield any insights, or show the familiar piece in a new light. It just seemed that these two strands, Faust on the one side and German history on the other, were running along side each other with little interrelation; Mephistopheloes was the most common point of contact as far as it went, though again, it just seemed to be that he had two largely unrelated roles, with his manipulation of Faust on the one hand, and his orchestrating of Nazi activities on the other. This was an uncomfortable piece of staging partly because it didn't seem necessary - surely his dramatic role is almost exclusively to tempt Faust - and partly because Nazi Germany's crimes being the work of the devil seems a terrible abdication of blame to me. And actually the setting often detracted from the telling of the story - both because the staging was so visually confusing, with its consistently poor lighting (which didn't lead the eye at all, and unfairly left the sets looking rather ramshackle and poorly conceived) and over stuffing with ideas (no doubt paranoia that the piece is too slow dramatically on its own), and often because of the inexplicable relationship between what was going on stage to the actual action in the score. That is not to say that there weren't a lot of extremely visually arresting portions, especially those including video sequences, but it didn't quite live up to the promise of its designer/director's (over)fertile mind - it seemed to me that there was not enough editing of ideas, or thought about how it would actually look on stage. Not only did the drama suffer, but often the wonderful music was lost in the fray as well.
ability tends towards 100% dense reality
3. Choose 5 other blogs deserving of the Liebster.
I recently read a blog about how we need to eliminate Twitterspeak and other forms of butchering the English language from our lexicon. Ok yes it’s true that these terms are often silly, hard to understand and often just plain annoying, but I don’t agree that they need to be eliminated altogether.
"Is dinner ready now?"
In this regard Jude is reminiscent of the work of Flann O’Brien and even Buster Keaton, and it shares their plasticity of form and robust disregard for plausibility. The world is distorted this way and that, for all sorts of structural and opportunistic reasons. (Gough has described the book as being about “the bizarre love triangle between consciousness, language, and reality”.)
Having looked at some of the links I was sent, it's apparent there's a similar 'industry' on this topic just as there is with Holocaust denial, and for much the same reasons..there's money and notoriety in it.Don't waste the electrons.
Alexa Chung, although her clothes will never fit me, I'm like half as tall!!
Looking closer at McLarens chassis in side profile its clear the family history of low noses has helped here. The dashboard bulkhead is may be just 3cm higher than the cockpit padding (which is 55cm high), the chassis top then curves downwards towards the front wheels. By the point of the front (A-A) bulkhead the top is lower than 55cm, may be as low as 5cm below the maximum height. When compared to the maximum heights (the dotted line on the drawing), its clear this is a very low nose overall.
While some of this land can be considered "national treasures"... unique, scenic, pristine, fragile... a lot of it is generally nondescript. And some of it is valuable for what lies below the surface.
He is carefree. And intelligent.
It’s being reported that he definitely had a seizure and they believe it was caused by dehydration. Eagles players and Head Athletic Trainer Rick Burkholder have announced that Patterson is going to be okay, and was joking with teammates and sending text messages from his hospital bed. Burkholder said Patterson bit his tongue and was bleeding from his mouth, which scared other player. He also said that Patterson will remain in the hospital overnight for observation and an MRI. Both Patterson (seizure) and Stringer (heat stroke) were 27 years old when these instances occurred.
Who doesn’t have an old cardboard box around home? You, know the kind made with brown corrugated cardboard. Rip up a side into palm sized pieces, make a nest in the bottom of the ‘barbie’ (no, not the doll, your daughter would have a fit – it’s Australian and NZ slang for a BBQ), put on some smaller choice pieces of charcoal, and light. Then feed on bigger bits of charcoal. Simple.
Obviously not all acts that are successful suffer this fate. Will Young is a prime example mentioned in the article. I personally don't watch these shows any more, I find it to be simply boring now, dull and repetitive. X-factor has been going for years now and after a while they all merge into one. Big Brother was suffering this very fate and at least had the decency to try and have a noble death before it became too milked. I really enjoyed the first three or so series of Big Brother. Now however I could only tell you a couple of the winners and even with that only a few more of the other contestants featured.
I know it has been awhile since I have shared anything with you and I so appreciate your continued support. I have been making alot of adjustments in my life over the past couple months.
I have read extensively, researched until my computer ran hot from overuse, listened to lectures, watched documentaries and given each theory serious trial periods. I've had successes and failures. Tweaked programs and visited doctors for advice. Let me tell you kids, I've been there, done that and then some.
(2) Ignore it as if it never touched your heartSee more
Your listing must be for sale for the duration of the challenge (not made to order), unless it sells from your shop. If that happens, please alert the moderators to your sale, and you can still participate. If you must reserve your listing for purchase, please follow Etsy's recommendations and edit both your title and your description to begin with: "RESERVED FOR (buyer's Etsy username, or designation of buyer's choice) ONLY." Etsy does not allow the listing of items not for sale, so reserving your entry to sell elsewhere or keep for yourself is not permitted. Please do not put your shop on vacation mode when you have an item entered in the challenge, or deactivate your entry from the time you list, until the close of the challenge. If you must be away from your shop, please leave your challenge entry active, with a message explaining the date the item will shipped if purchased."
But wait, I was going to talk about Storymakers...
We strolled around the yard and I had to come to the hard reality that I would never be able to come back. This family home would no longer belong to our family.
Having worked in the care industry for seven years prior to Summer 2012 it was very rare that I could actually get a Bank Holiday off unless I bribed. There used to be a process by which you worked one and had the following one off – it never actually worked like that though. Since last August though I have to get used to having to stay home on Bank Holidays which does actually feel quite odd sometimes!
In order to secure more bail out-funds, Greek Finance Minister Evangelos Venizelos wants to cut Greece’s 2012 budget. This would involve rescinding pay raises for public employees and lay-offs for public employees that were hired in 2010 and 2011. Such budget cuts could have an adverse effect on more than 20,000 people.
I Love you dear,
Both shall go down to hell, even though it may take the Last Day to send them there; and I hope it will not be long.
The only other thing to address with the movie is the absence of Tim Drake, the third Robin. In the comic book storyline, Tim was Batman’s current sidekick, and was apparently involved in the story. However, I understood why they did not include him in this adaptation. They introduced Jason as Robin, and then, introduced Nightwing as having been the original Robin. Throwing yet another one in there that came after Jason’s death could’ve been confusing for an uninitiated audience. You would see Robin die, and then, you see Batman working alongside another Robin without an immediate explanation that they are different characters would be highly disorienting. This is especially so since all three characters have the same basic character design – lean, athletic build with black hair in similar red-green-yellow costumes. Nightwing essentially fills the role that Tim Drake would’ve had in this story. No disrespect to Tim, but for me, I think having Dick Grayson present was a smart change. This is because he and Bruce have a longer history together, and really are like best friends instead of mentor and student at this point in time. It allows for a stronger contrast from Bruce’s original protégé who became a crowning achievement for him against the failure that was Jason Todd.
I’ll leave it up to those who asked them to provide the answers.
However, my neighbor and good friend has inspired me to try again. Hubbie and I have worked on many projects since he has returned from deployment and we have some more tricks up our sleeves. I hope you will come back and check out what we have going on in our little North Carolina home :)
3. Glue the 2 smaller pieces to the bottom curved edge of the fan, as shown.
You can go soft and dreamy as in this first sample which uses the green, teal and navy blue as its main color palette and the loving couple from Carnival Dreams.
I'm asking you to help ransom a child.
Belief: You don’t have to have a degree in marketing to get great marketing results. But you do have to believe in yourself and your actions. I call it a self-fulfilling prophecy. If you believe that can’t do something, you’re right – you won’t do it. On the other hand, if you believe that you can learn what it takes to get better marketing results you will.
One thing …
I always find Remembrance Services very moving and I'm so glad that 91 years after the first silence was observed, we are still doing it, and yet - as we all are - I'm obviously very grieved that the first world war did not after all turn out to be the "war to end all wars".
Side effects
laters x
1. How to Start a Revolution
I loved this episode! GG seems to be on a roll lately and I am really enjoying seeing everyone working together again! What do you guys think? Were you as shocked as I was at that last reveal? Any theories as to why Bart faked his death? Leave us your two cents!
“I think it’s a very, very sad day when the only way you can express yourself is through slamdancing.”
I was so totally, utterly enamored by this film that it’s hard to know what else to write about it, maybe its time to let this beguilingly rapturous film speak/sing for itself (sans subtitles, sadly):
5. Fecal Forgery
Set in the further where earths resource are almost completely gone, two crew members wake up from hyper sleep with no idea of what there mission is and stuck the captain sends his lieutenant out to find answers. He should have stayed put as going into the belly of the ship awakens not only other human saviours who have learnt that staying alive means counting on them self only but also a army of zombies.
I'm reminded of the recent news that Kentucky Fried Chicken had branded paving installed atop Louisville potholes – fixing the city's broken streets even while reminding everyone who lived there where they could buy fried breast meat.
Choice Publishing utilise print on demand digital technology to publish their books and they make it clear from the offset that sales and distribution are focussed through on line availability and sales. They have their own on line bookstore and take orders directly through their offices. I have been aware of Choice Publishing for the past two years and have seen them steadily grow to a point where they can boast a larger catalogue than similarly sized UK companies. They do not advertise books on their main welcome page, but give plenty of space to new releases and forthcoming titles on their bookstore pages. Curiously, though, their main page features ad-banners for other author solution service companies!
If mainstream medicine would include this, we could be whole - whether we ended up ridding ourselves of our diagnosis or not.
Meanwhile, police put up crime scene tape around Beauchamp’s house, where at least four children lived, neighbors said.
From his debut in 1935 Tod went on to delight movie audiences for many years as he brought to life a whole host of memorable ne'er-do-wells on the big screen. His most notable movie performances of this period included; Maria Marten/Murder in the Red Barn (1935), The Greed of William Hart (1948), Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street (1936), The Face at the Window (1939) and Crimes at the Dark House (1940).
The inhabitants of the city rebelled against this plan and have finally won this battle. A 12-kilometer park was built through the heart of the city. The residents of Valencia have paid for a few years extra special tax, so the park could be build by several landscape architects from bridge to bridge.
"We need a full, detailed investigation and report on this matter. If it was one case we would understand that it was a mistake, but the entire bail receipt book is filled with these incidents."
‘Life may not be the party we hoped for… But while we are here we might as well dance!’
"Considering the tremendous influence Victorians attributed to early childhood reading, the anxiety occasioned by an influx of shoddy sensational literature conveying 'false visions of the world' is not surprising"(r).
The lost twin.’
Would love for your feedback.
Speaking of playroom....
Steven Rhodes:
Only our camera man and sound guy are taping the chef extraordinaire making our lovely Chipotle creations.
Today we’re going to talk about an item that was invented in the 1930's for the military and has since become a fashion icon spanning the decades.
No matter what this meant... I knew one thing. God wanted me to hope. It seems like every time I give up and surrender the hope for a baby, He just will not allow it. And this time, He was adamant.
Yes, there were quite a few things I really liked such as, when Bod leaves the graveyard and when Scarlett and Bod go though the trouble of the sleer. The reason I enjoyed these bits was because of the description ;it really helped me paint a picture in my head.
I’d bestow an ocean of pennies for his thoughts.
I keep forgetting to mention this! If any fellow blogger out there in Blogland has a couple minutes to spare, go here and fill out this survey about mom bloggers. Bobbie Sue is trying to finish up her PhD and needs your help gathering information about how blogging might have helped you transition to motherhood. Please take a minute to help her out in her research.
There you have it and in 250 words exactly! Anyone else caught scratching their butt by someone who never should have seen you doing so?
Happy Mother's Day text
So I have been a slacker with blogging lately because of the holidays. I didn't have to take too many dishes to places and I ate meals that other people cooked.... then ate the leftovers =) So there hasn't been much cooking going on lately besides a couple recipes I don't feel are worth sharing.
Marlene shook her head. “Covered in mud.”
To borrow Grantland Network’s Andy Greenwald and Chris Ryan’s idea of nostalgia in reference to the 2pac holograms and our desires for 90s rap, nostalgia eating is to eat that which we “already know.” By “already know,” Greenwald and Ryan describe our desire for the familiar. For us late twenties and thirty-somethings, we only want to hear the “old stuff,” Greenwald and Ryan argue, because of our ability to participate in the show and what it does for us as consumers than the actual artist, hologram or not. One of the few places in Ann Arbor that doesn’t have a yelp review above 3 stars, a pretty amazing feat for a college town where taste cultures revolve around the tastebuds of 18-22 year olds after a long night of drinking, Happys Pizza has the same affect for me.
As the locavore food movement and celebrity chef Jamie Oliver’s food revolution campaign continue to take hold we are seeing a continual increase in schools who are serving more fresh fruits and vegtables, more local produce and less processed foods. Call it a backlash against the pink slime burger or common sense finally prevailing as more American’s and their children are becoming obese. For what ever reason, more and more parents are finally calling on their schools to serve better food that is preferably local based or even produced from a school garden.
B: A fella tongue-kissing my girl in the mouth, I was so in shock my heart went down south.
Liberals fulminate against "racism" (by which they really mean "white people"). Racists, of whatever color, fulminate against other races. Conservatives pay lip-service to the quaint ideals of color-blind law and racial integration, but do nothing about them, and ignore the ever-increasing dangers of mass immigration. Chittum presents us with the prospect of race and racism as problems to be solved -- though he is pessimistic about our chances of solving them.
There is definitely a lot of strong colors in this room, but perfect for a fun-loving little girl. I also mixed several different patterns, but kept them all in the main palette of aqua, radish and yellow for cohesiveness. The black accents ground the room and lend some sophistication.
FEZYN Blog (fezynblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
I will be teaching how to turn your quilt top into a completed quilt (making your backing, basting, hand quilting and binding) at Treehouse Textiles in May and June. xo
I took a wee detour on the way home and marveled at the strange and pretty roads I’d never traveled. It struck me that The Road Not Taken might be an apt description for not only my summer travels, but the journey I’ve been on.
Nature.
At the SCBWI's 39th Annual Summer Conference in Los Angeles, Deborah Halverson, award-winning author of HONK IF YOU HATE ME, BIG MOUTH, and the upcoming WRITING YOUNG ADULT FICTION FOR DUMMIES (available in stores June 2011), gave an incredible presentation packed full of information writers would do well to heed before submitting their work to agents and publishers. A former editor at Harcourt, Halverson already had a wealth of editorial experience when she began writing her first novel while pregnant with her triplet sons. In her Ultimate Checklist workshop, she consolidated years of expertise into ten simple tests.
Please stay tuned for my personal theory and discernment of the true cause of The Holocaust…
We had a lot of fun, not least because Rosemary had dressed in Regency costume and gave us some inside information on what the well dressed lady would wear then.
Capacity in prisons could be freed up by ceasing to imprison for offences where community service or attachment orders would be more appropriate. It is such a poor deployment of resources when the incarceration of a poor unfortunate who hasn’t been able to pay their TV license causes the early release of a violent criminal at the other end of the prison system. Facilities such as Spike Island could be re-opened if capacity freed up in prisons proves insufficient.
You’re on your own now, babe.
When dormmates learned that I was American, they immediately referred to Rick Mercer.
• The essentials of patent claim drafting, by Morgan D Rosenberg, published by Oxford University Press. A practical guide to the drafting of patent claims in US patent applications, this volume emphasises the how-to of claim drafting, rather than on the history and theory of claiming. It contains multiple examples for all types of claims which a practitioner is likely to draft, and provides an easy reference for the drafting of particular types of claims. It is written primarily for novice patent attorneys and patent agents, as well as law students and those studying for the US Patent Bar Exam. Further details available from the publisher's website here.
It has been decided for the first fanclub event since Bigeast was restarted to be held!
Jennifer said... 1 OMG I am so excited about this one! My daughter does NOT eat crust. I have tried everything to get her to without luck. I am subscribed!
Once you begin you are caught in a trance
Have you ever prepared baby artichokes? They’re really easy. Peel off the bottom couple of layers of leaves until you get to a light green color. Trip the bottom a bit, and chop off the top 1/2 inch or so with a sharp knife. Cut in half. Put cut artichoke halves in a bowl with water and a bit of lemon juice or vinegar. This sounds labor intensive but really goes pretty fast.
Anyone else find it weird that I had an autistic child who struggles with attachment issues? How the hell did I manage to pass that one along? :S (Thankful that I have therapy this aft. I’m primed and ready to go! More later, possibly).
He finally has his website up and running so I said I'd pass it on here to any of you avid readers who hadn't seen it
BBQ Best Grilled Pork Belly (PhP195). Sinfully delicious (I cannot imagine the amount of oil and fat are in this dish), but it’s still well worth the bother. I especially like how the slightly spicy rice was a perfect match to the slices of meat whose sauce was the right amount of flavorful. The combination wasn’t overpowering.
5. The Death Cure by James Dashner
I've been away for a while taking care of my new baby boy and already doing my best to raise him a Mets fan despite living in the northwest suburbs of Chicago (the Mets won the first game I had him watch with me against the Cubs).
Michal had to buy Haley’s dinner at a corner store which was watched over by a portly Pakistani man with a hammer protruding from his tracksuit pocket. The packet of pasta was caked in dust and it cost three times as much as it did at LetsGo. Haley was already turning up her nose at it.
credit card tecnique
I had an eventful outing with my new mobility scooter yesterday, we decided it would be sensible to find out exactly how long the battery lasted, I had already used it for a couple of hours last weekend, so set off to Peterborough to do a bit of shopping, upgrade my phone and call into a certain craft shop to drop off some samples and have a coffee..............yes Sir Stampalot of course.
Does this make any sense to you at all? I am writing it here, rather than in my journal, to prove to myself that I am sufficiently unashamed of it, and sufficiently convinced of its rational value to show it off. Yes, I do want external validation. I imagine that would make me feel more comfortable. And yet I know myself sufficiently well to know that I will go my own way, whatever anyone else thinks.
Paul did not dwell on the subject or rub it in. He didn’t belittle them by pointing out their shame for not following his advice. He remembered that for years he, also, had doubted the truth. But for the grace of God he would be just like them.
The sentiment is definitely true for me and this tag will be on the wall in my new craft room if we ever get to move.
GILBERTS COVE, DIGBY CO., NOVA SCOTIA, CANADA
Deuteronomy 5:8-9 (King James Version) 8 Thou shalt not make thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the waters beneath the earth: 9 Thou shalt not bow down thyself unto them, nor serve them: for I the LORD thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate him.
Good! So that's alright then. We now all know that Mr Brown is not a bully. He's just someone who cares and is determined to build a fairer Britain.
As an introvert, writing is never the same as thinking/reflecting for me because writing takes place in the external world. In particular–there is always a lag between the two. I think and reflect first–often for a while–and only after thoughts are collected and organized–are they then written in what is a fairly permanent and enduring form. For extraverts–this might be different… or maybe not. I know that for me–writing is very similar to talking–I almost never do either without first thinking exactly about what I want to express–whereas I know a number of extraverts who quite often use speech and talking with others as a way of doing their thinking/processing–because, for them, the external world is the primary reality–and thus–to make a thought real, it has to appear in this external world. Just thinking about it internally doesn’t seem as real to them…
Now, how we opened up our business that was several years later. We have two close friends that were getting married and they asked Dyanne to marry them, plus they asked me if I’d play at their wedding. Which we did. Then someone who was at that wedding heard us and saw us, and then they asked us if we would do their wedding. So, we really built the business out of word of mouth.
The second huge mistake was giving us emotions.
I'm going to take a little breather, but the wonderful John has already lent me the third volume, so A Storm of Swords is on the horizon. If I don't post for a couple weeks, you will know what's going on.
Here’s the site and NO I am NO part of it in ANY way, shape or form:
and would love if you woudl come with us. We have made the final move to wordpress and I know before I had it redirecting you there, but since I have commitments to companies on this blog I needed to open it up again, so Jabbering Jessi's new home is now
Before I get to the usual "stuff" I'd like to announce that we had to say goodbye to 2 fabulous designers these last couple of weeks.
The third condition is that she must not belong to those who are hostile to Islam. That is why I say a Muslim is not allowed to marry a Jewish woman from Israel, or from among the Jews who support Israel.
Oh and everyone else!
I looked it up.
Emily, raising five orphaned grandchildren, had to beg among neighbours for a measly bag containing a couple of scoops of barley grain – enough to just about survive on for two days at most.
The apples provide a fresh source of income for apple growers, allowing them to distinguish themselves from the average orchard. For consumers, the apples are a chance to buy and taste a uniquely local product, something unlikely to be grown anywhere else in the country.
Clay Pipe Brewing Company Hop-Ocalypse
I actually did have to get Joe to help me to close it. We all bought heaps and heaps.
_____oo Hooo... finally been recognised for my knowledge... the Police have told the media I am their primary person of interest ...
I hope you guys liked this post and I like sharing things like this with you all :)
Schoolwork has been killing me guys....
I spent a half hour pumping up the tires to 15 lbs. front and 8 lbs. rear, and I need to lube the frame at 5 points next weekend. The battery is strong, but the tires do lose pressure during the winter. This is my 2nd season with Deere John and I cannot stress how much it has changed our weekends. I used to spend 4+ hours with a walk-behind mower, and now I get a nice ride! I have 37 hours of "seat time" and when I get to 50 I have to do some more maintenance. I keep the oil changed by my manual, and air filter too. I think Deere John needs a nice Mother's wax job this spring! It needs to be shiney!
5. Use employee referrals – Encourage employee referrals with cash rewards or other means of motivation for hard to find job positions.
Jacobs has written other books with similarly gimmicky themes: His first was an analysis of the similarities between Jesus and Elvis. More recently, he penned The Year of Living Biblically, in which he tries to adhere to the literal words of the Bible as closely as possible. (I repeat, the dude’s wife must be a saint.) I can’t say I’m not still mildly intrigued by Jacobs’ ideas; I’m just no longer sure he can pull off translating those personal adventures into books, as opposed to say, a particularly witty blog.
Still with me? Ok, you were warned.. I am feeling EXTREMELY SORRY FOR MYSELF.
BNP supporters are like Gordon Brown. They blame others for their own failures.
As with every other season here in Michigan, I am always reminded how much I love living in such a naturally beautiful state, as spring time sets in. My reminder today came in the form of a family of geese (3 babies sandwiched between mom and dad) as they made their way across the street in front of me. However, beyond the spring time, this time of year also brings another celebration of Michigan –the “Night for Notables.”
Malian newspapers are back on newsstands and online for the first time since the coup began last Wednesday. Some papers have come out in favor of the coup, (e.g. Inter de Bamako, Mali Demain) while others are critical (e.g. L’Indépendent, L’Indicateur Renouveau, Le Canard déchainé). The state newspaper L’Essor, meanwhile, has run an article describing the events of the coup without editorializing about them.
I am the 99% ;)
Pumpkin painting and face painting this Sunday
My firstborn started kindergarten yesterday and I started my fire.
North: “Powers of Earth, the land that will hold Springtime flowers and plants. We call you to our circle, so that we may celebrate you showing yourself once more, taking melted snow deep into you, allowing the power of the sun to enter your bounty of plant life. We call you so that we may celebrate all of the animals returning, taking safe refuge using you. We call you mighty Earth, Hail and Welcome!”
For the next time we visit the ballot box, let’s demand some well-in-advance straight answers from our running candidates because it’s evident that we can’t rely on some of them to keep their story straight (hey, some might mistake it for integrity).
2 transferred
Your Food should be genuine as well
1 TL Salz
a relentless desire to correct culture.
from a chapter on the derivation of laser and fibre-optics from the principles of cinema projection, a first version of which was given as a presentation at the Screen conference in 2011. It argues that light has been increasingly organised in the interests of commodification and biopolitical management
Oh I am a daredevil too, didn’t you know? Well let me tell you just how crazy this trip got, it wasnt all singing in the mountains and eating great Swiss chocolate.
Come see our new window display and the many new additions to the shop. We would love to see you and give you our usual "royal treatment"! Delivery available everywhere.......
“This situation is not easy on anybody involved, but I can only hope that everyone can look into their hearts and listen to the real facts about my dad, because I truly don’t know what I would do without him in my life,” she said, crying as she spoke.
My cracks remind me of God’s grace.
Marilu
An exciting new paranormal adventure, with a heroine who rivals Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Raised By Wolves will leave you howling for more.
Ah, Hareton. Like Heathcliff, he’s disowned and forced to work in the fields, but he has it much worse as he SHOULD rightfully be the master of Wuthering Heights. As a result of the abuse he receives from Heathcliff and the teasing he gets from Cathy and Linton, he’s every bit as sullen as Heathcliff was as a boy. However, he seems to have a more charitable spirit, as we know that he never touches Linton no matter how much he provokes him, and Hareton also does his best to improve himself in the only ways he knows how. So yes, Hareton and Heathcliff are both disowned, disenfranchised souls, but Hareton doesn’t seem to carry the same evil intentions for his oppressors as Heathcliff does.
What this means is that when you get the little smiles, and in the first few years there are limited social skills, so these are genuine, that they are underwritten with the emotional feelings. When you play a little game and your child makes you laugh, it isn’t just a laugh, it has the loving emotion attached with it.
"I drive everywhere. She directs. She tells me to go faster, slower, take a shortcut through the alley. If she doesn't like my radio station, she changes it. If it starts drizzling, she reaches over and turns on the wipers. If my phone rings, she answers it. It's usally for her."
Rick said she's a Fuddy Duddy. She wouldn't dance at all. And daddy loves to dance! She did wiggle around with her friends a little bit. But for her it was more about the cookies and punch.
the Japanese Cherry Blossom festival going on.
We thought we had had our fair share of challenges, but the week before our wedding, I had gone to the doctor for my pre-marital checkup, and he found a lump on my thyroid. He told us not to worry too much, but 6 months later when it was checked again, we were devastated to learn that I had papillary carcinoma, a form of thyroid cancer. Even the word “cancer” struck fear in our hearts, and I didn’t want to go through what I had seen my husband endure. Luckily, this kind wasn’t too aggressive, and after surgery to remove half my thyroid, the tests showed it had not spread, and I was given a clean bill of health.
# Eat an already chewed up and spat Kabab.
Looks like its best left alone, I know..but it had a basket-weave kind of pattern I liked,and my mind started whirring regarding what could be done with this. And then I remembered, our shoe closet was feeling rather lonely too, with its vacant surface.
Darkness will descend and Americans will begin to live with blackouts and brownouts that will undermine every aspect of our lives. It’s bad enough when a town or even a city briefly loses power because of a storm, but imagine that occurring on a regular basis because there just aren’t enough utilities generating power!
I mention the billionaire because the same idea can be applied to America. A few American Billionaires could jump start the economy.
Records — Edgemont 2-4; Harrison 0-6.
The chief of staff further added, “Let us not forget about the Pharisees and their movement. Up until a few years ago they had cordial relations with us, but lately their voices can be heard in protest. Plus it is this group that keeps the pot stirred with their endless reading to the people about the Law of that fellow Moses the people revere so much. It would be much to our advantage to silence them as well.”
Yes, this will be one of Bevy's infamous Two-Parters. As we all are, I'm in the midst of preparations for tomorrow's big feast. But I am excited to be able to share those moments, those obviously Holy (and not it so obvious) moments with you. So later this weekend, I hope to give you an inspiring read.
Pure awe when I feel your tiny feet and little hands kicking and punching, and I wonder if you'll be awake this much when you get here.
and his courts with praise!
The firm added a lawyer a short time ago, and yesterday, during the course of a brief conversation on our way out, she said I was scary, then said I was approaching geekdom, then said I'd gone way over the line and was definitely a geek.
1/2 cup Mayo
I need to remove
The idea of Dish Plagiarism is absolute bollocks.
5-6 potato (boiled and mashed)
I guess this shouldn't have come as a surprise to me.......
Fisher Z So long UK
Pancho, Pippin, Habib, Genevieve, Lampshade, and You Think of Something are some of my favorite people. We gather on occasion for dinner parties where we mostly talk about work. You see, we are all members of the teaching profession in various neighboring communities. So no matter how hard we try, we tend to revert back to our area of common interest.
It could end up being good news for places like Springfield, where several post offices, including Mason Square were on the chopping block. Even the Springfield mail processing center was facing an uncertain future.
Maybe it was the time for such questions, given that attendees had spent $35 ($30 + service charge) for tickets to the 80-minute event at the CUNY Graduate Center in Manhattan, and that Gehry has not yet responded to invitations to meet with concerned citizens who live in or around the proposed project footprint. After the event, Krashes--who in his respectful public question noted that he had no position on the arena--got on the long line behind those seeking Gehry autographs and waited his turn. When he approached Gehry, Krashes mentioned that his group had previously sent a letter inviting the architect to a meeting.
25-27 Maps of block locating property;
I'm 40!!
I shot some promo photography again for Down To A Science who were relesing their new single and video. We had a lot of fun in Sutton Park trying out different techniques with my flash gun, including using car headlights in the pitch black!
a few cups of milk
643 D-V/5/1973. “On Antigone, Socrates, and Odysseus: A Commentary on ‘The Self’” (with Helen Margaret Anastaplo). Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Starved Rock State Park, Illinois.
Whenever I plan on going to another country or a trip within the U.S. I always look for an opportunity to visit the national parks. The first reason why is because a smart traveler is not only looking for good deals, but they are also looking for the most scenic destinations in the world. You will definitely find that this preserved area was chosen for the beauty that it possesses. It will bring you back to what the world was like before humans decided to take over every square inch of land to build something on it.
Before you can attempt to get back with ex girlfriend, you have to make sure that it is a mutually beneficial relationship or it’s got little or no possibility of succeeding. If it is just something to try to fill a void in your life and heart then it is almost certainly not for the very best. You might have to live with the outcomes of your self-centered behavior. Don’t plan to get taken back with open arms. You just have to recognize that if it isn’t best for the both of you; you may not have good results.
and you don't even have to buy airfare!
Add egg yolks and orange extract to reserved batter and fold together. Spoon into tube pan over plain batter. Bake until toothpick in center comes out clean, about 45 minutes. Cool and unmold.
Newborns are definitely a LOT of work compared to toddler.
The lawn can be described in one syllable - peh.
Think I need another lazy reading Sunday to get through book 2.
DIY 4EVS MOTHERFUCKERS!!!!
What I do matters.
He's a very dangerous man, you know. Bent on total destruction.
Jager Hollow Primitives
As I write these lines,
“Good soldiers of Jesus Christ have many battles to fight with their unbelief, with the perverseness of their nature, with evil temper, and with besetting sins.” QOC
Don't forget to sign up for their daily newsletter - this gives you tips and tricks to using the product as well as great layout examples. It also reminds you to download the "free" item of the day. That's right "FREE" items!!!
Internet in main square is 10kn for 50mb.
15. Mobb Deep – Shook Ones pt. 2
I love this Easter story! It holds so much about LIFE for us to remember….
2) giving change
When I read the first one, I was on the fence on whether I wanted to pursue it. Then my daughter had me watch the first few episodes of anime and, rereading it, I became more and more intrigued by Kaname's character and the world-building regarding vampires/vampire hunters (genetic, by the way), and humans.
I had a very wonderful and relaxing holiday, which I will talk about in another post.
blackberry thicket.
Iona was surprised when she felt a warm weight slide over her shoulders. She looked up through her tears to see a handsome man leaning over her. It was his jacket that she found herself wrapped in. He was tall and slender, dressed in a clean white shirt. His blue eyes looked down on her, his eyebrows furrowed together in concern. “Are you alright, Miss?” came the question from his lips.
beneath the grass and stone.
Later on that evening my friend came to me and asked a bit more about what it was I saw. He didn’t ask me any detailed questions at the time because the conversation was of a jovial nature. It was later when we were quietly sitting around the house that evening that he came to me with questions.
It’s how evolution happens:
afraid to share her bitter darkness with me
o do be quiet and listen
this truck had my favorite chant of the day, if you missed it, it went
Royalty percentage is usually 8%.
I had this chocolate mousse cake at 9:30 am during brunch. It was 12:30 in the East Coast. That’s a perfectly acceptable time to eat chocolate mousse cake.
Capaldi’s Ford and Bailey’s Mazda battled for the second position for most of the race, joined early on by the No. 45 Honda Fit of Sage Marie. Bailey finished second with Capaldi taking the third spot at the checkered flag.
Theresa Breslin’s latest historical novel PRISONER OF THE INQUISITION has won the teenage section (12+) of The Historical Association, Young Quills Award, is shortlisted for the Scottish Children’s Book Award and was voted favourite book by the young people shadowing the Carnegie Medal Book Awards.
Beer advertising should be matey.
I was brought up as an only child. The reason my parents adopted was due to fertility problems on my Mum’s side. They had waited a long time and tried to conceive, unsuccessfully. They were almost too old to adopt when they started looking into it but luckily they got through the processes and were accepted. I couldn’t have wished for a better Mum and Dad!
Sugar- 1/4 cup
These kind of glitches happen and trying to figure out how to fix them is a real challenge. If you've
Tonight 3-6pm
decided not to bring the Easter Bunny
The White House has worked with all kinds of corporate stakeholders in the food industry that are interested in supporting the campaign, Barnes said. But the First Lady has shown up for few announcements from companies that have unveiled initiatives they say are inspired by Let's Move!. For instance, when McDonald's announced changes to its Happy Meals in July, Mrs. Obama was not on hand to cheer executives on. Instead, she issued a decidedly tepid statement.
August 26, 2006 Clip No. 1249
Novello's introduction is calculated to generate suspicion: he appears framed in a doorway, wrapped in a trenchcoat and scarf, his wide eyes glaring above his hidden nose and mouth. It's an introduction worthy of Nosferatu, and he briefly seems like a supernatural being, gliding into the boarding house, bringing with him the foggy air and the threat of murder. Soon, he starts behaving in less supernatural but equally suspicious ways, carrying around a suspicious bag and asking his new landlords to take down all the paintings in his room. Hitchcock stages several scenes that hint at the new lodger's sinister intentions towards Daisy — gesturing at her with a knife and a fire poker — but turn out to be utterly innocuous.
9:45 left in the 2nd quarter The new QB for UCLA screws it up and UH gets the ball back. UH's defense actually holds but an unsportsmanlike conduct screws it up. Anyway, UH is driving. Same score.
Target Audience: My learners are adults that want to travel abroad and or represent their country as virtual guides using Web 2.0 travel tools. My learners will be able to share their experiences, local culture, promote networking, and foster relationships with others that have similar interest.
behold, your king is coming,
my thinking and feeling and hearing and sight
Cut to this morning.
“It’s only icing sugar. It’ll wipe off,” I say, soothingly.
Yes, Star Wars is more popular than Star Trek, at least when it comes to kids and toys. I don’t know if that’s just a characteristic of each property’s fandom as a whole, or what. I know it’s not a function of CBS being unwilling to provide licenses for such things, because some really fun stuff has come out over the past few years. That said, whenever any Star Trek merchandise is announced which brings with it anything approaching “whimsy,” hardcore fans seem to foam at the mouth, weeping and wailing at this latest assault on the Holy Trek. “How dare they sully the sanctity of Roddenberry’s vision” or some such dumbass thing.
Recently I made a couple of trips to Glendora, MS with my good friend Deshaun Davis to do some discovery on a potential film project about the tragedy of Emmett Till. For those who may not know that story, please click here.
Phoenix will definitely be a challenge for Nashville, but it isn’t anything to fear. With players like Gabriel Bourque and Kevin Klein stepping up, along with the leadership and dependability of Pekka Rinne and David Legwand, the Predators can easily move on to Round 3.
The LORD has been mindful of us, is another response to the taunting question of verse 2, Where is their God? The very existence of the house of Israel, the house of Aaron, and those who fear the LORD can be seen as indications of this. The words he will bless indicate the trust mentioned in the previous verses.
Thanks for stopping by and reading my blog. If you have any questions about my blog, or questions about something you've read on my blog (Design Diva with Interior Motives), please don't hesitate to ask. I love hearing from you. I always answer all emails and respond to comments (if your email is easily accessible). Happy Blogging!
but I wont read books about violence against woman
27. Wasn't That a Party? -- Scooter Lee
- Not letting myself get hungry throughout the day helped with not throwing up after every meal. I got sick more if I ate on a empty stomach. The best thing for me to eat was dried fruit. I tried fresh fruit and as much as I love it, it didn't make me feel like I ate anything but for some reason dried fruit did.
Dry hopped abbey pale ale with 8 types of malt, Turbinado sugar, and TONS of Juniper berries.
That number, Pawlowski said, will grow to 1,000 during construction.
This Gucci 100% silk dress with back torsion and cut off effect, graphic side draping and emerald swarovski toggles with chain detail on waistband.
African Partnership for Sexual and Reproductive Health and Rights of Women and Girls (AMANITARE) Now based in South Africa, since 2000 AMANITARE has worked to advance the rights of African women, irrespective of difference, based on the principle of bodily integrity
I think Pa Cartwright handled things better than Lieutenant Castillo.
You will surely enjoy the new pool nestled among the 36 rooms—each one unique. They’re also interested in the environment and just finished a new central heating plant, fueled completely on sunflower seed oil—one of the first in all of Italy (Roberto might even let you take a look if you’d like). Oh, and by the way . . . the Il Trebbiolo olive oil is absolutely fantastic and worth waiting for. You might want to buy some oil from last November’s pressing to take home.
DUTIES: You will need to create one layout per month based on specific criteria which is always emailed in advance, you are required to comment on some users entries, I realise that we all have busy lives and it may be impossible to comment on 40+ entries each month, you are also required to vote for the previous months challenge entries and promote Kraft It Up on your blog and facebook page and anywhere else that is allowed.
I am in charge of a great deal of things at Crown. At times I feel overwhelmed, but I dearly love the college and the fantastic people here. I am worried for them as I try to tie up loose ends to hand everything over to the rest of the marketing team. When I gave them the rundown of all the social media I manage they seemed a little worrisome with a lot of questions.
Israel to expel 2,000 African refugees who fled to Eilat
Many organisations say they want their employees to attain a proper balance between their jobs and personal lives, but how many really live up to it?
THE GRAND STRUCTURE:
My titles are just very basic things. They don't really stand out, they don't really "do" anything. It's like I just slapped any old title on them for the sake of having one.
She turns back towards the FBI Agents/Celebrity Chefs. "I send out lots of emails," she replies, her tone measured and even, but her eyes fierce and determined. "I don't remember everyone I send them to..."
Then think about what you have been taught. Do I believe that because it is the logical argument passed down through generations, or do I believe it because the scripture actually makes this argument? Is this belief what was handed to me, or is this truth from the word of God?
Or I can say WHATEVER… I know how it ends and this evening is reserved for LAKERS v. CELTICS game 1.
The Potatoes are now in the ground thanks to some long days and hard work.
Color: Black/White
Park spent his last moments Tuesday night with his father, who is suffering from cancer, Yonhap said.
I had NO FREAKING IDEA that you couldn't follow me unless I was on Twitter or FB. I guess we could subscribe in RSS, right? So, I added that as soon as I stumbled downstairs this morning.
I am deeply moved by how it all happened – how bad things felt, the amazing things that followed, and how the good could not have happen without the bad. Looking back, everything was preparing us for moving out of the country, it was all building momentum to that moment we decided to move to Costa Rica.
2nd photo: It's not that obvious in this photo but when they intubated me they must have banged my lip pretty hard as I had a fat lip when I woke up. My hubby thinks it's hilarious that I can only smile with half my face!
But I threw on my coat & fedora, wrapped a cuddle of a cashmere scarf around my neck and enjoyed the walk, happily ignorant of just how rumpled I looked until I got home and checked the photos.
Think deeply, dear brother in Islam, how Allah (swt) encourages the spirit to make His Word superior and to protect the weak, and to rescue the oppressed ones. Also think deeply how Jihad is connected with Salat (prayers) and Saum (fasting). It is made obvious that Jihad similar to both of them, and all the three (Jihad, Salat and Saum) are ordained (by Allah) for the believers. See how Allah has encouraged the cowardly men to plunge themselves into the battles, to face death with an open heart and to run madly for it (Jihad) with great encouragement showing clearly to them that death will certainly overtake them and in case they die as Mujahidin (Martyrs) they will compensated for their worldly life with a mighty compensation and they will not be dealt with unjustly in the very least.
A matter of (weeks?) ago, I put up a post about stories you may have written yourself that were of an adult nature. There was a reason for this question and I think now is the time to divulge my secret little blog!
Lastly, I want to make an additional smart remark about the office sign in the photo at the top of this post. If you look closely in the upper left-hand corner, you’ll see the Access logo — a family of four that’s either very close to each other or else congenitally conjoined. I thought such a rare condition as the latter could only be repaired by 20-hour-long separation surgery, but if it’s something that chiropractics can take care of, I’m all in favor of the less-traumatic course of treatment.
I used a variety of elements from the 'Saturdays' collection for each of
BSYO woodwind tutor Tony Grimm has had a unique view of the 25-year relationship, having been one of the first students to take up a BSYO scholarship (on bassoon). Having received his Bachelor in Music degree, and now studying for his Masters, Tony has gone on to play with at least five major Australian orchestras and continues to lend a wealth of experience to today's BSYO players, coming to practice weekly by train from Sydney and going on all tours.
Our friend Hugh Crawford collated Jamie Livingston’s photos and put them online. It is retroactive blog: a slow motion trip from the punk era New York, into the boom President Reagan 80s thru crack cocaine to Mayor Guiliani’s New York through the personal photographs of one man.
The weekend after that it's back to Miami for what I've been looking forward to since last April. The time when my inner rave child comes out to play. The time when nothing in the world matters except the music being made from surrounding turntables.The epitome of the pop culture revolution.
Do one nail at a time. If you don't use the magnet immediately it won't work.
I still read aloud to my son. He is fourteen and I am reading The False Prince by Jennifer Nielsen to him before bed. I like to read and he still likes to listen, so it works for both of us.
8. the NASA / U.S. air force CRESS 1990 Press kit.
There were two restaurants in the village. We went to one for dinner, where we were incredibly well fed for about six dollars and then went to the other for dessert, another chocolate crepe Hungarian style. We sat right next to a small group of musicians who were playing “gypsy” music. It was fun and they were good and probably more authentic than we would hear in Budapest.
The police car pulled into the driveway and two uniformed officers got out. They walked to the front door and knocked, waited for an answer. When none came, they canvassed the perimeter of the home. They spotted the enclosure in the backyard and approached. A magnificent Bengal tiger paced back and forth, spitting and hissing when it saw them. It stopped and bared its teeth with a loud, menacing growl. There, underneath its protective feet, lay a woman's body, her neck twisted at an unnatural angle but otherwise untouched.
I also found the journey of self-discovery that secondary characters Will and Bill the Krill went on to be thought provoking and intensely funny.
Well the results are not a surprise to me. Here they are:
Luna wanted to tell Grosso how big of an ass he was, but she couldn’t risk getting arrested. Not with that blade on her. She turned her face away from the Grosso, and the sight of Jackson trying to beat the crows made her shake her head. The birds were fighting back, but Luna didn’t think it would be long before Jackson hurt them. She chanted an animal call to appease
1 SF romance (haven't seen one of these in a while--kind of excited!)
You fear tyranny, but you are the tyrant,
Oh, and Victoria and Kemel are also on Skaro. I don’t know if I mentioned that.
9. Reasons for Waiting
11:32 - your dinner date explains that you need the check and you will be paying by card.
We need to build community.
Anyone watching ABC's The River? I like it enough to see where it goes for a few weeks. If you missed the first few episodes you can catch up here. If you want the quick version: They're on a boat in the Amazon searching for their lost father/husband/friend who went on some sort of magical quest. So far...monster, bugwalker, creepy doll tree, everyone goes blind(temporarily) and now you're all caught up for Tuesday's episode. I also really enjoy Once Upon A Time and Lost Girl. Grimm on the other hand has completely fallen off my radar.
I've been contemplating, examining, and role playing in my head a lot lately with how to deal with, react to what Rudy does sometimes (lately it has been maybe 1-2x a day). Here was the situation this morning:
I'm amazed at what a loss I felt at losing a year's worth of inconsequential photos, and have come to realize that they really are a sort of a photographic journal for me. That photo is just an airplane to you, but when Clint and I see it, we remember browsing cowboy boots with Jennifer and Bill at Pard's Western Store on a Saturday afternoon. When we stepped out of the store, this tank of a USAF airplane was flying over, you see, low and loud.
Let’s write a test that opens the Google home page on Android and issues a query for “weather in San Francisco”. The test will verify that Google returns search results, and that the first result returned is giving the weather in San Francisco.
Now is the time to reach out to anyone sitting on the fence, unsure about the propaganda and indoctrination they are exposed to in our schools, our colleges and our media. Please share these videos. We need more panels like the Islamic Apartheid Conference and please support these brave student leaders.
Did you know they push one of their flocks into the ocean before they jump in to all watch and see if he gets eaten by a shark?
Najib also thanked the French government and the French Navy for the support and cooperation in helping the Malaysian Armed Forces on its modernisation programme and sharing submarine technology.
Today’s trek into the countryside was not the mudfest it was yesterday. But one of our four-wheel drive vehicles (our team travels in two cars), did get stuck trying to cross a small river on our way to the first site visit. We caught the whole thing on video just like a National Geographic documentary. After several attempts by our fearless Haitian drivers, it was decided it’d be best to leave the hopeless SUV behind and just take the pickup truck which zipped across the river, no problem. Once on dry land, Kate and the camera crew gamely climbed into the back of the pickup and we picked our way along the gutted country road going about 15 miles per hour, at most. Occasionally our driver had to get out and place rocks in the deep ruts so the truck would stay level.
"Complementary Approaches:
If he was indeed worried about toll charges, then he should have personally asked Penang Chief Minister and DAP Secretary-General Lim Guan Eng to abolish the Sungai Nyior Toll and Penang Bridge tolls as these promises were made by DAP to the people should they take over the state government.
Today we enjoyed having local author Colleen Smith at the Denver store for a discussion and signing of her new book, The Laid-Back Skier. We are excited to have it on the shelves at Swoozie’s; the whimsical illustration is delightful, and the spirit is playful. Read below to learn a little bit more about Colleen and the inspiration behind her new book.
Avalokiteshwara on the high-noon tide of a cold spectral spring
Abrupt change of topic.
and the punch i threw
10:18 a.m. — Stirred oats in oven.
Perserverance over Impatience,
Australia/South Pacific:
FOWCL = Fall out of Wheelchair Laughing!!
Some 400 representatives from 80 countries are participating in the two-day meeting which is to examine progress made since signing the 2006 Geneva Declaration to cut armed violence signficantly by 2015.
... but for now, I'm off to work! I have some beading to do today... back to the torch tomorrow!
In 22-23 we see the keeping of God is done in the community of faith.
Safeway Driving School will be holding classes here at Vermilion High School beginning on April 9th. Please call 323-7700 to register.
Thanks so much Jeanie for all your support! You'll be getting your package veeeery soon!!
STO: I saw on your myspace player that "Love Is A Dream" was a song from a demo. Why was it used on this album and not the debut? Are any older songs likely to appear on future albums?
They speak the truth with no words,
How was everyone's "hump day"? Any fun weekend plans?
The second postcard shows a group of male workers, possibly at a ship yard. The man in the middle with the spectacles and the check scarf is particualrly notable.
Bran is a nice but annoying dude. I've heard of him since I was in form 1, I think, from Sze Yie. Yes, that's my girl, Sze Yie ;) I've heard a lot about him and I always thought that Sze Yie has a thing for him by the way she talked about him. But the story was actually the other way round. No, it's not the other way round. There's another way to another round. I don't know. Dafuq?
Although it slightly smudges, it does not smudge as badly as my Palty gel liner, so most people wouldn’t suspect that my eyeliner on my face was dragging down.
“used to denote the shared soteriological beliefs of persons who reagard John Calvin (1509-1564) of Geneva as the greatest organizer and purveyor of biblical truth during the Protestant Reformation. Calvinism is that theology which emphasizes God’s absolute sovereignty as the all-determining reality, especially with regards to salvation. Most classical or high Calvinists agree that human beings are totally depraved (helpless to do anything spiritually good, including excercising a good will towardGod), unconditionally elected (predestined) to either salvation or damnation (although many Calvinists reject Calvin’s “horrible decree’ of reprobation), that Christ’s atoning death on the cross was meant only for the elect…Calvinism is the soteriological system stemming from Calvin, which is generally known under the rubric of TULIP (Total depravity,Unconditional election, Limited atonement,Irresistible grace, Perseverance of the saints).”
The way she’d act and the color of her hair
Maybe the ubiquity of these companies in football culture only makes you feel wistful when you look at what football meant to the people who first filled the grounds and helped it grow into the biggest sport in the world. To the average fan it was a 90-minute respite from day-to-day drudgery and life-curtailing jobs, and as author J. B. Priestley put it, instant membership into a new, more care-free community as you walked through the turnstile.
Critical Art Ensemble. CAE has been making intelligent, well executed work about myriad political topics for years. It also is the only group that puts its money where its mouth is. CAE has faced all sorts of real persecution and prosecution and still continues on. But where did the brilliant curators put CAE in the Biennial? Next to the bathroom, literally. There was a little corner corridor that led to the toilets. And there were three TVs with headphones of CAE work. Not in a screening room, or anything like that.
Members of all major parties needed no reminding of how prominent the survey was. Speaking toward where his interests typically lie, Hannes Hólmsteinn Gissurarson segued quickly into using the survey to prove the efficiency of his favourite party, the Independence Party. He claimed the survey revealed two facts about Icelanders, “One… that they live a good life and that they are generally quite satisfied with their lot. From 1991 (the year the Independence Party got into office), Iceland has gone through an unprecedented era of economic and legal reforms… a lot of entrepreneurial energy has been released.”
** No matter what you call this or describe it.... I want to try it!
It seems from the Scriptures that what we think of as inanimate objects, such as rocks, not only could speak in a given situation, but also hear what is being said.
Our challenge this week was to use the above photo as our inspiration whether it be the colors, pumpkins, leaves, etc.- the possibilities are endless! We are sponsored by Doodle Pantry and one lucky person will win a $10 voucher to their store.
I also believe in Free-market Capitalism. I believe that probably almost all of the things that we now consider as necessary, entertaining, innovative, brilliant or advance are the direct result of the stiff competition in the market. Fierce competitive nature of the market brings in the innovation that the consumers constantly crave, because the manufacturers know that they’ll have tons of incentives once they make a cutting edge product. This is another reason why I think that the government should stay away from the market since some experts believe that the actions of the government sometimes hurt the business sector. Consider the example of a centralized economic program wherein everything about the economy is planned by the state. I’m not an economic expert but I think it’ll be harder for people to make useful innovations when they have to compete with the programs of the government. We can consider the technology of the former Soviet Union and compare its chief rival the United States of America during the Cold War and tell me who do you think is more advanced most of the time?
The truth is that sometimes God's gifts don't come in neatly wrapped packages with a bow on top...sometimes they come in pain and heartache and day by day I am learning to accept the gifts He gives no matter the form...even when they don't feel like it...His gifts are good. I can honestly say, knowing what I know now, if given the choice...I would still choose having Isaac and Asher even knowing I would not get to keep them...the love and blessing far outweighs the pain...the pain has been a pathway that has opened my eyes and heart to so much and for that I m so grateful.
P.S. After returning to it again this afternoon (don't you love the line about the clay pipe she hid in her cabinet?), I picked up the small blue card I had used as a bookmark. Turning it over, I realized that it answered every question I had about this poem, and a lot of other things: "Everything is OK just the way it is."
There are some staples that I love, and just can’t get enough of (like spinach, for instance) and plenty of others that I keep in the house regularly. The problem is, I feel like I’m running out of ways to prepare them to make it feel like I’m not eating the exact same thing day in and day out!
I don't really want to keep reading the next two books.
_____I hate when I like your status, then I copy and paste it into Google and find out that you copied and pasted it from Twitter. Then I have to go back and unlike your status cuz you're a idiot.
Control is a funny thing, isn't it?
"Let us be lovers we'll marry our fortunes together"
He said as prime minister he was aware of the need to have a balance between urban development and heritage, and that Malaysians needed both.
That’s it for me today! I will try to post some newsies while I’m away and I have some projects next week for the newest Gina K release too—so stop on by. Otherwise you can follow along with my trip on Facebook & Twitter LOL! Have a great weekend!
Unless it is exactly the same pattern and design (except for the door - the one I made for the workshop is for left-handed like me ;-)), the result is completely different.
JACKPOT ! BUT HOW MUCH DO WE WIN ?
Artists don't support SOPA. Neil Gaiman posted an open letter to Washington signed by himself and a variety of other artists. DeviantArt also opened a forum for artists to discuss the bills and the opinion is overwhelmingly negative. Deviants on the site also create art as protest against it such as these:
Soups are perfect anytime of year, but especially during the winter months. I adapted this from River Cottage Veg Everyday. We all need more vegetables in our diet and the recipes from this beautiful and innovative book will certainly be gracing my kitchen table time and time again. Easy to cook up and a pleasure to the tummy, you won't be disappointed with this nourishing soup. Consider adding more spices, such as cayenne and cumin along with the tomatoes and hot peppers for an extra kick.
Last night, as hoped for, HBO DID release another Sneak peek for the upcoming Season 5 of True Blood. What they didn’t warn people was that they were only going to show 1/2 of it on HBO then the second half exclusively on HBO Go (Their special internet extra package free with subscription). But fear not those who do not have such access for here at Vampire Loving Dorks we are obsessed and so have them for you already .
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter and flour 2 (8 inch) round cake pans and set aside.
snapped out of it
Snack: 2 tbsp hummus with sandwich thin (toasted in the oven with garlic) & 2 clementines
2 c. white sugar
In end of the world stories, except for maybe The Stand, people avoid thinking about what New York would be like. I have this idea in my head I would try to stay but I know it’s impossible. It’s even harder to keep food on the table than it would be in the ‘burbs because I never buy more than a day or two’s worth of groceries. I expect that if cannibalism reared its head anywhere it would be in the cities.
Monday: culture fest: great dinner and got some homework done.
'I--I didn't know I had to make one--just then,' Alice faltered out."
answer eleven questions
that stain. Slide. A slippery
He watched as she wrapped her arms around her chest and appeared to go into self-preservation mode.
-Pace myself when filling cupcakes liners - be careful not to overflow!
What are you doing to me???
The basement itself is one of the most remarkable features of the house. The whole building will be heated by a large Smead furnace. The arrangements for hot and cold air, the big filtering apparatus, the scientific pluming, sewerage, and ventilating system strike one forcibly in contemplating the improved methods in modern architecture. Mr. Nagle himself supervised the whole work, and to his keen judgment the complete success of many unique features is entirely due. The building, exclusive of the grounds and stables, cost about $35,000.
What is your most prized possession?
Gerald stared around. Heaven, huh? Not what he’d expected at all. Admittedly some of the trappings were there but for him it was all a façade. Oh it was all right for the Senior Gods, they had it made – he’d glimpsed into their private realm. Cavorting maidens, simpering sylphs, tables laden with fruit, candy, cakes, wine… What did he need to do to reach that divine enclave? Perhaps the gods were assessing him. Perhaps he needed to pass some test, prove himself.
Jay Spearing has unfortunately proven that he isn’t of the standard expected at Anfield. He does not command the midfield from deep positions or adequately protect his defence. Indeed, other than Steven Gerrard, who is now well in his thirties, Liverpool could do with completely renovating its midfield over the summer.
If you’ve read this far, I suppose I owe at least a little bit of an explanation.
She watches him slip off his wedding ring and thinks to herself
M and C (especially C) had a blast checking out all the guns ~ and so did their dad!
Davis’s parents were vaudeville dancers. As an infant, he was raised by his paternal grandmother. When he was three years old, his parents separated. His father, not wanting to lose custody of his son, took him on tour. Davis learned to dance from his father and his “uncle” Will Mastin, who led the dance troupe his father worked for. Davis joined the act as a child and they became the Will Mastin Trio. Throughout his career, Davis included the Will Mastin Trio in his billing. Mastin and his father shielded him from racism. Snubs were explained as jealousy, for instance. When Davis served in the United States Army during World War II, however, he was confronted by strong racial prejudice. He later said, “Overnight the world looked different. It wasn’t one color any more. I could see the protection I’d gotten all my life from my father and Will. I appreciated their loving hope that I’d never need to know about prejudice and hate, but they were wrong. It was as if I’d walked through a swinging door for eighteen years, a door which they had always secretly held open.” The Army assigned Davis to an integrated entertainment Special Services unit, and he found that the spotlight lessened the prejudice. “My talent was the weapon, the power, the way for me to fight. It was the one way I might hope to affect a man’s thinking,” he said.[8]
Oh my.
Now the fate of all the submissions is known, as all the competitions have announced their results and the places that aren't competitions have responded. Sadly the Challenge came to a bit of an abrupt and disappointing end at the start of this week, as the last few outstanding stories were either rejected, or failed to place in their respective competitions. I'm usually fine with rejections but these came in a cluster that knocked the wind out of my sails a bit. After a couple of days of moping I have dusted myself off and taken stock of what the results of the Challenge actually were.
I'm not saying this is a sound strategy for the GOP. I'm just saying I don't know for sure that it isn't. And I think the GOP may think it works.
Story, art, lettering by Jack Cole
22And pitying saints, whose statues learn to weep!
Concerning Christology within church history, Gerald Bray presents an even handed description and explanation of the churches formation and articulation of the doctrine of the deity of Christ. Bray’s discussion is a dose of good medicine for those who want to cast doubt on whether the early church fathers ‘invented’ the deity of Christ. Bray rightly points out that their debates were not hinged on questioning the deity of Christ but rather they assumed and affirmed the deity of Christ. “The issues debated during the decades of classical creedal formation were more about how belief in his deity should be expressed and harmonized with monotheism then whether he was divine at all (p. 169).” Concerning the correlation between the churches formation and development of the doctrine of the deity of Christ Wellum’s words are worth quoting at length:
So, girls out there that are unsatisfied with their shape… Remember that if you are destroying your body, you’re also harming the beautiful figure that God blessed you with. Live life to the fullest with a smile on your face, and be grateful for what you have. Always.
Best Supporting Actress: I said Bérénice Bejo. The real winner: Octavia Spencer
But when we talk of people or forces that try to put limitations on free speech, we should not only look to society’s traditional power-holders — be they religious or secular.
It's funny- sometimes you don't even know what you need until a friend as perceptive as Pam, takes the time to ask the right questions. Just the fact that she read the book and then wanted to talk to me about it...I am not sure I can put into words how deeply that touched me.
So, technically, when things like this are said:
In my case, it was an eight-year-itch.
The sky falling short of a limit
One carrier had PRIORS from DUI (sure want him driving on MY streets), which explains why the paper wound up damn near anywhere BUT our steps.
I couldn’t look myself in the eyes. I avoided the mirror as much as I could when I went in to get a tissue. I couldn’t breathe and had to blow my nose. I was starting to hyperventilate. It was my own stupid fault. Why did I feel it necessary to read that? After all, I knew that once I’d written about it I was supposed to keep that memory locked away in “the safe place.” Put it so far back in my mind that I could forget about it enough to be able to function normally again.
The TAIL transaction was reported here last week and involved €20m of assets of Treasury Holdings being transferred to Messrs Ronan and Barrett for consideration that was deemed inappropriate by NAMA. Reading the NAMA affidavits last week, you might have difficulty reconciling the NAMA statements therein with the statement above from TCT that “NAMA’s requirements of Treasury Holdings in relation to TAIL were agreed unequivocally by Treasury Holdings”
Splattering to your surface,
An amusing note: male clergy were responsible for many of the restrictions imposed upon women, hence the male clergy as buffoons in Austen’s novels, like Mr. Elton in Emma and Mr. Collins and Pride and Prejudice.
“I think what we’re seeing is a lot of kids who are given power and immediately begin to abuse it,” Tasca observes. “Some of these guys are as young as 18 years old. You give them a uniform, and it goes right to their head. And even many of those that don’t do abusive things miss the point, which is that we’re supposed to be peace officers. They get a badge and a gun and they think they’re gods, or at least that they’re entitled to treat people like dirt. I see them as people, and insist on treating them like I’d want to
Debora Sinibaldi
When I were a lad, I did not start in my teens - unlike many of my contemporaries - as I did not have school dinner money to re-appropriate for the habit, as I was a picky blighter who took a packed lunch to school instead. My eating habits have improved since, and I've also smoked the odd tobacco product.
This winter just seems longer and colder and more miserable than it should be. If you don't hear from me for a while, check under the deck... or better yet the comforter.
I met a friend in high school who introduced me to the true joy of books. She devoured books. Anything and everything. She pointed me to the best, she taught me how to find them, she taught me the love of the written word. I read the works of C.S. Lewis, Susan Cooper, Anne McCaffrey, David Eddings, Raymond E. Feist, anything fantasy. I decided I wanted to become a writer and over the course of the next 9 years I wrote a gargantuan epic.
I can't decide if the fact that his dog and myself have the same name is proof that he and I are meant to be.
As a butch lesbian, I find it shocking and inappropriate that an LGBT advocacy group like Lambda Legal suggests that legally male serially convicted child sexual predators should be given free reign to enter private, protected spaces for women and girls on the basis of those male’s subjective claims of feeling an internal “gender identity”. Further, the assertion by Lambda Legal that males who do not adhere to cultural standards of masculinity would be considered “disruptive” in ANY male setting whatsoever is a claim that every gay and lesbian person should find deeply offensive.
Both Sushi-cyu and Patio are in the All Seasons Place. All Seasons Place is an office building with some shopping mall on the lower levels and is located right next to Conrad Hotel, where we stayed for the first 4 nights. My Japanese friend recommended Sush-cyu for Japanese food. It was simply very convenient. I thought that the Japanese food at Sushi-cyu was quite authentic. However, it was quite expensive for our wallet probably because of the location being in the heart of business district. I imagine this place being more for business people to have business dinner.
So this year, I'm determined to be ambitious, but also realistic. I'm aiming to stay grounded by keeping things in perspective, applauding my accomplishments and not beating myself up for the inevitable failures. Overall, I'm looking forward to good things, great changes and challenges, and a year full of success.
Opening to WIP
“Aye, full of surprises, that one,” grumbled the Pred.
At the end the story will raise many questions especially if you are a girl. Personally I know at least five of my friends who have gone more or less through similar situations so I think this topic is worth writing.
Yorkshire pudding
I would welcome any comments or feedback.
If you haven’t met Ana Flores of Spanglishbaby yet, let me introduce you to one of our favorite bloggers. Ana Flores is truly a child of two worlds. Born in Houston to parents from El Salvador, Ana grew up in El Salvador until she headed back to the U.S. to attend the University of Florida and receive a Bachelor in Telecommunications-Production. Since then she has worked as television and entertainment producer, with a specialty in the U.S. Hispanic industry, both in the U.S. and in México.
Traders started breathing sigh of relief after a struggling week in Karachi Stock Exchange and than we got SC and Presidency conflict right in front of market. But don’t worry fellow citizens we are capable of handling these issues since 1947.
In addition to making wonderful yummy food last week, I also have been religiously listening to My Hope Is In You. If you haven't heard it, you should because it's great (forewarning though, the music video's kinda sad!). It's been my great reminder that the end is near on the semester of law school!
Flybe introduced baggage fees six years ago. Initially the charge stood at £2; today, the fee for a small 15kg bag on a short flight is six times as much.
Her paralyzed lips didn’t have the strength to mouth and speak the words aloud. Hers was a voice of the mind that was compelled into lifting the woven words off the page and breathing life into the dearth of communication. And as the voice spoke, the thin lips that housed it began to take shape in Beth’s mind. Eventually, they evolved into a figure without a face or body. She never could have drawn the man, but she knew his mind was the author of love: William Shakespeare.
A recent study by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has confirmed 1988 as a “change point” in the rise of Autism Disorder rates in the U.S. – a date that pro-life leaders say correlates with the introduction of fetal cells for use in vaccines.
I had pictures of Hina but I searched every where but failed to find any. I tried to contact her parents but failed too.
Diva giggles. It's a giggle like she has just unearthed the best secret in the entire world a nine-year-old girl could EVER discover. Then she says:
-What was W’s food of choice all day yesterday? Cheerios. All. Friggin’. Day. Oh, and what time did he finally go down for his nap. 6:30 p.m. Yeah, we got this sleeping thing all figured out. Not.
Aroma/Bouquet (0-3): A blend of caramel and chocolate notes with a hint of roasted grain. 2 points
Safety and Security Minister Charles Nqakula wrote in a letter to the Gun Dealers’ Association: “Licenses for firearms should not be granted to private individuals.” Similarly, his spokesperson Lesley Xinwa announced, “We are determined to cut down on the number of guns in the country.”
The InnerBouquet mission is to spread the word about & celebrate LGBT ARTS, CULTURE & ATHLETICISM from past to the present. The site features bios, reviews, critiques, interviews, photos, news, videos, songs, poems, etc. – all related to the contributions of LGBT icons world-wide. On a personal level, the InnerBouquet founder and creative director, David-Paul, in his “FlashBack Diary” reveals poignant moments from his gay journal.
At least nine people were arrested for blocking roads in Tel Aviv.
Perhaps it was the relief of walking into the basement in the midsummer, when there was an exact point between overly hot and bearably cool. And as such, everybody found a sleeping place in the underground, where you could actually sleep without sweating buckets.
A collector near Genoa in northern Italy had placed the material for sale, the Italian media said Sunday, along with a letter from a medical technician saying he had taken the samples in 1945 on authorization from the coroner's office.
1- preheat the oven to 325. Butter a 6-by-10 inch baking pan.
Also, it seems that getting the digital rights to use the font in an eBook does not prevent obfuscation.
I've taken the past few days off from baking, and recipe creating, and oh yeah, photographing food and that in and of itself has been odd. I've welcomed the rest, but do admit that I missed it.
OK... ultimately, buy Apple in Vietnam! if Sri Sarjana remains as the only pc shop standing in Kuching.
Whether you're vying for a recording contract, an executive chef position, or simply a stack of money for winning some grueling obstacle course, I beg you to please make it about the competition, and not some background melodrama from your offscreen life.
They’ve both lived ten years apart, Hart having remarried and lost his bland young wife and infant son in childbirth and Eleanor making a quiet life with her impoverished father and his scientific writings. This current Duke of Kilmorgan doesn’t even bother asking himself if he can feel anything anymore, he’s just numb most of the time. That is, until Eleanor Ramsay in her threadbare, outdated clothing shows up on his doorstep, having been sent a nude photo of Hart (which she doesn’t mind looking at quite often). She’s worried he’s being blackmailed (not an unusual occurance for Mackenzies) and he decides to use her concern to employ her as a secretary while she “investigates” where the picture came from, keeping her close at hand – his hand (ahem).
when will the esv cease evolving?
Let's put the prickles down, and try to look at this rationally.
To some degree, critics are correct when they say that she is under scrutiny like no candidate in a long, long time. But they are incorrect when they suggest sexism. If this was a good-looking and rugged candidate named Sam Palin acting and saying the exact same things, the scrutiny would be also be the same. (To that end, if she was plain-looking, male or female, nothing would change.) It has nothing to do with her gender or appearance, although those become convenient excuses. This country has become collectively tired and even angry at the social conservatives driving every agenda in this country. Even many Republicans are finally understanding that part of the reason that the party has left its fiscally responsible roots is because fiscal policy no longer drives the GOP: it’s repealing Roe v. Wade; it’s electing “conservative” judges (also strictly a Roe v. Wade issue); it’s “good Christian values”; it’s cleaning up the airwaves; it’s protecting marriage from gays.
If I have to stop fast you are going to hit us..
LONG LIVE GILT!
1/8 teaspoons Habenero chile powder
So I was sitting at my dining room table, eating supper, watching the killer tornado pass through Tuscaloosa via a television signal. I can’t say that I’ve ever experienced anything like that in my lifetime. I was sitting at my table watching a tornado kill people and destroy millions of dollars in property.
What genre or genres do you write?
THE ADVENTURES OF BARON MUNCHAUSEN
I guess the trick is in these darn “should” thoughts in my mind. They have been around since almost the beginning – and I know that I am no different in this regards from most people on this planet – and they make this life of mine much less enjoyable than it could have been. The inner judge that evaluates each second of life, matches it with some idealistic images and then comes up with a verdict: this is what I should do. I should be smart. I should be cool. I should be nice. I should be inspiring. I should be fit. I should lose weight, get educated, be a great father, be full of understanding and empathy for my friends and my mother and my wife, grow spiritually, shut up, speak smart, do this, stop doing that, be this way and stop being that way… And, of course, do not forget the past, because I shouldn’t have done that and I should have been the other way… And it also gets very tricky, you see: I should be happy. I should have a fulfilling life. Now this is some heavy stuff, because it seems to be helping and supporting, but in fact it is suffocating life in me.
Well now I feel a little better getting something up since it's been forever except I just realized that my camera went kaput on my trip from the heat and humidity... Xmas ideas for me... New digital camera Please:) Kap kuhn ka! xoxo
Next up, 3 more project submissions and then they will make their final selections on March 30th.
The Pain of Silence (vv. 1-3): David begins this psalm in silence. He desires to talk, but is holding back. He is “muzzling” his mouth. The reason David is remaining silent is a noble one: He does not want to voice his thoughts before the “wicked” (v. 1). He fears that speaking will bring indignity to God’s name. Oftentimes silence is a wise course of action before both God (Hab. 2:20; Lev. 10:3) and men (Prov. 17:28; Job 2:13). However, silence can also be sinful (Ps. 32:3; Hab. 1:13), and, as Psalm 39 reveals, harmful. David’s silence only makes his anguish worse (v. 2). His soul is in turmoil, is boiling over, until he finally gives way to speech (v. 3). Like the prophet Jeremiah, David can no longer keep silent regarding the fire in his bones (Jer. 20:9).
Owning a good motor, Terrell pursues well in the run game, doing a fine job of taking proper angles to the perimeter when attempting
Well, if believing in these Godmen changes our life for the better then one must go and worship any of them.....Buttttt if believing in them can't improve things in our life then i feel that we should stick to the belief and basics of our religion and should not believe in any such thing which surpasses our own understanding of life.....
The Corinthians did not have self- control. This was because they failed to claim the power of God. Therefore the need was to pray.
So what does a Commander do when faced with bureaucratic idiocy at its finest? Say "Screw you, I'm in command, and I will issue my Soldiers the equipment that I deem is best."
Now.....amble on over to the CCEE Stampers Blog to see the other gingham creations from the rest of the team and how YOU can play right along with us.
Cost: $50 for One Day/$90 for Both Days
Is the roof in a serviceable condition prior to installing the panels? Although given 10 - 15 days the installer likely will be willing to remove the panels and then reinstall them after the re shingling is complete at no charge ( check contract for specific details) I'm sure they wouldn't like to be doing this after 6 months or less
The challenges facing the television/video industry today can be daunting. For many years, competition for subscribers revolved around content, while the network architecture remained relatively stable. More recently, Video on Demand, High Definition, Start Over and other time shifted applications have been widely deployed. This has now been joined by the “TV Everywhere” concept and, of course Over The Top (OTT) Television. In addition 3D is today trying to leap from the theatre into the living room. Every year there is something new to contemplate and for which to potentially plan. Over the years, the MPEG Industry Forum has worked aggressively to bring clarity to the industry’s vision of the future and to advocate for the adoption of standards that accelerate that clarity. This year at IBC this task has become more important than ever as new technologies create new opportunities to make (or lose) money. The 2010 Master Class at IBC is focused around two areas that will bring technologists and leading executives from operators and content owners around the world to discuss these new opportunities and to share their experience and perspectives.
You hoodwink them, but don't fool me at all.
If you live in a hoary northern clime and it comforts you to think that those who move to sunny San Diego somehow miss the cold, then, by all means, wrap yourself warmly in that mantle of delusion. We don’t.
Too much and I don't buy -- but also, if too little, just pennies, I am suspicious too. Why so cheap? What's wrong here?
3. The new Bill is to be modelled on a system currently in place in the US state of Oregon where the annual number of assisted suicides has increased dramatically by over 450% since being legalised in 1997, where one in six of those dying are depressed, less than one in 20 receive psychiatric assessments and some patients have actually been denied medical care and offered assisted suicide as a cheaper alternative.
I tried to make cod fish using tofu and seaweeds as the skin. The dish turned out quite good and my kids was thrilled to see a mock cod fish! LOL!
SA: The more pressing question for me is how my writing is going to fit into their lives. And I don't entirely know the answer. Obviously, I've written a good deal about my life. But there is a realm of privacy, both for me and for my wife and kids, and that's something I take seriously. It's part of the reason I stopped blogging for Babble. And I'm sure I'll hold back on writing more and more stuff as they and their friends become readers. Nobody wants to go through adolescence with their dad taking notes and writing "humorous" columns about them. That being said, my wife and I hope we're raising the sort of kids who recognize the value of storytelling. (We had considered not teaching the children to read, but they seem to be picking it up pretty quickly.) My hunch is that they'll want nothing to do with our work. But we certainly can't hide what we do. Honesty is always the best policy. Or at least, the inevitable one.
Davy winced and quoted, “Our doubts are traitors and makes us lose the good we oft might win by fearing to attempt.”
When we were out on Thursday I came upon these gorgeous paints at such a good price I went a bit mad. I think the shop must have been clearing it's stock of them as in the past I have paid far more.
The cards by my teamies are really diverse and gorgeous, you can see them all on the Sweet Stamping Pixies challenge blog! And don't forget to go to Cupcake too, where a new challenge is starting "Spring is in the Air"! Thank you very much for your visit, we hope you'll be able to join us! Have a lovely day!
<U+2665> Barbie dolls
JJ: Here’s a perfect example of how it happens in dialogue, because Joel Lovell and I have been going back and forth, the last couple of weeks; “what’s gonna be the next thing?” I’m supposed to go to Rio to write about the slums that are in the hills around that city. There’s a Cuba story…But then there’s also this R.E.M. thing, which would be totally different. So, there you have the two channels in the book, one “pop” and one not.
“Now more than ever, as the role of memory in our culture erodes at a faster pace than ever before, we need to cultivate our ability to remember. Our memories make us who we are.”
I immediately called my husband and he was back home and we were off to my doctors office. They were super efficient and confirmed right away that my water had indeed broken and that the baby would be out within the next 24 hours. It was a mixed bag of emotions from there. Happiness and joy at the thought that the baby would be there to hold and feel. That she would be home for Diwali, the biggest Indian festival. Apprehension for the baby’s well being. Are her lungs mature enough. She was tiny at the previous ultrasound and weighed only 4lbs 3 oz the week before, so will she be ok outside the womb. Feelings of guilt – what did I do wrong? Why has my water broken so early. Feelings of panic – We are not prepared, the care seat is not ordered, the crib is not set. How will it all get done. But of all these feelings I guess it was the excitement of holding the baby that took over.
All my recipes will be coming out of it and there are some good ones in there too. So here's what's cooking this week.
#1. Birchbox Gift subscription
April 3, 2010
I'm sure you'll see lots more pennant ideas over the year, as the set has so many possibilities. Until next time, thanks for visiting & leave a comment if you'd like any more info on anything.
Think upon these things and when you feel that you want to help Mankind, send out love to those who are clearly in need. The results may not be instantaneous but be assured that it helps even if they take time to be seen. The Light can be built upon such as when you use it to protect yourself. If you are not already a beacon of Light, practice seeing yourself as one and you will surely create it around you. You will also find that you will attract other souls of a like kind, as they will sense your higher vibrations. Imagine if everyone around you was of the Light, and you will begin to get a feel of what it is like to be in the higher dimensions. Do not limit your expectations as to what Ascension means to you, as it will set you free from all of the conflicts and problems that beset you now on Earth. In the future you will want for absolutely nothing, and you will find that the Creator has provided for you in every conceivable way.
02 - I Must Have That Man
Now that I have got you mentally trawling your own relations for genius and money (best of luck), I can share with you the discovery of a young, beautiful and talented film-maker emerging from the Hat's genealogical debris. She produces opinionated rule-breaking film, often music based, stuffed with the fresh take of youth and it was while watching one of these the other day, I was reminded of the huge influence of original moving images backed with powerful music and their ability to stimulate, sharpen and often change our view.
Me: There is about as much evidence for a god, specifically the Christian god, as there is for Santa or Leprechauns or Zeus or Odin or any other imaginary thing out there. I am not making a claim, I am dismissing a claim, because it lacks any viable evidence.
I have no faith I’ll get what I ask. At least not until I trot one of these Archive Technicians over to the home and have him/her attempt to communicate with Dad.
BeGoDo courageously and GLY!
Same 2010 black boots
Information as posted by Boere Krisis Aksie (B.K.A.)
Two action thrillers, available this month in paperback from Harper, will certainly appeal to the masculine side of readership, but there are plenty of female readers who will enjoy learning of the intricacies of the world of intelligence, politics, and the secrets, real and imagined, of government.
As Lily heals and with Charlie's encouragement, she falls back in love with the arts she used to live for and regains a life of her own. At first I thought Charlie's behavior was cliché, but as an addiction it adds a deep element to his character and the plot, plus a challenge for Lily that can span three books of the series titled Lilyland.
Her blog is little jewels of beading and everything to do with beading and more. A veritable treasure trove of loveliness and a wealth of information.
Again, all were adopted. Our local shelter is no-kill and is aided immeasurably by a revolving and caring bunch of kitten and puppy foster homes. You can interact with the shelter via their Facebook page. If you have time and the space to do so, consider fostering.
Pablo Neruda
I set up the game and Becky started playing. She karate-chopped fish on my iPod like a pro. She swung left, she swung right, and she occasionally zig-zagged. We were both surprised then, when the doctor said, “we’re done”. Really! OMG! Becky made it through 20+ injections without a sound! I was ecstatic, and I was also very proud of my daughter.
Busty Girl Comics This one is exactly what it sounds like. Comics about the lives and everyday hardships of busty ladies.
The area has apparently seen better days. The streets are broad, beautiful and tree-lined. The rows of terraces are attractive, though most of the fresh paint is graffiti.
Now upon the boardwalk it is cooler,
My hair was not quite shoulder length when I went in for the hair appointment. My stylist, a long-time friend, tried to talk me out of putting my hair through that torture, but I was adamant. I wanted a perm. She relented. We rolled, and processed, and rinsed, and trimmed, and styled, and I was horrified. I didn't have the wavy bouncy cuteness that had been in my mind's eye. I was a freaking poodle. Shirley Temple was reincarnated. I hated it.
In a more recent comic, the city of Kandor was expanding, and that’s why Superman didn’t hear Pa Kent have a heart attack.
The Charm Of Home
2010.09.06 Thailand Yala 1 0 A middle-aged woman is shot to death by Mujahid while walking home.
to get in believe it or not
/relieved
Many regions were below the national average including Basque Country (31.1%), Catalonia (30.4%), Madrid (29.7%), Extremadura (29.5%), Valencia (28.8%), Andalusia (28.6%), the Balearic Islands (27.7%), Cantabria (25.6%), Navarra (14.5%) and the Canary Islands (13.6%).
it's likely you drink and enter altered states on occasion.
Remove the cakes from the frying pan and place them on paper towels to drain.
The staircase was empty. I knew better than to call up. Jason was likely still collecting items and I wouldn’t want to break his concentration. I needed his focus, needed to use it against him.
With black pick up all the stitches from neck to bottom of sweater. Work stockinette stitch for 3 rows, purl 1 row on knit side, and continue in stockinette for 1 inch. Bind off on wrong side. Make other fromnt band to correspond. Turn both bands on knit line and hem.
So I’m not as bitter about my dismissal as you might expect, even though no one from the company told me I’d been canned or even informed me that my next column and a scheduled feature were no longer welcome. As a non-employed contractor in our brave new world of semi-employed twenty-first century servitude, I had to perceive I was fired. We all know how these arrangements work. Non-employees float in an opaque legal gelatin that can wash out from under us at any time. But remember, I had it coming.
Book bag, gift
Trondheim
Summers are just not long enough for kids and those who love spending time with their kids. But it has come to that time where we send them off in their new clothes with their new books to learn new things. It is an exciting time and can be quite nerve-racking. Our little rug rats are growing up!
So, talk to me
Bringing nature into your home - whether real or faux -
Perhaps this mostly applies to fields in which the tenure-track years involve building labs and research groups and other time-intensive activities that are necessary for new and exciting research projects to be launched and for at least some research goals achieved. I bet, however, that it also applies to any field in which more ambitious research can only be undertaken once you have developed a certain network of colleagues and contacts and attained the awesome knowledge that only comes with experience (says middle-aged me).
Now the thing that was odd about that statement was that he was wearing a t-shirt yet we were at a country club. As you may or may not be aware, country clubs as institutions frown upon shirts without collars. Delhi Golf Club is no different. Apparently, Rahul, who spent his day addressing parliament on the anti-corruption Lokpal bill, wasn't above this rule. Someone brought him a golf shirt. Continuing his unassuming routine for the night; one minute he was wearing a black t-shirt and the next he was wearing a gray golf shirt. I didn't even notice the change.
Perform Steel Structure Analysis to ensure that the product is withstand with any conditions specify in the design.
“Thieves target school bus…”
You only have to look at what happens to people who were cosseted from failure as kids to realise the damage that this does to them as adults, they end up becoming contestants (who are all "winners") on The Apprentice!
It’s only for a trial period (at least right now; who knows, long-term?). Six weeks. Forty-two days. Not that I’m counting.
Just be a witness, don’t become identified. Just be a witness, a silent watcher and that watching will help you tremendously, that is the only key which opens the doors of mysteries. Not that it solves anything, but it makes you capable to live the mysterious, and to live it totally.
Enough from me, more pictures.^_^
Well Timi decided that she would host Thanksgiving at her little 2 bedroom apartment for 9 of her orphan coworkers, parents and brother.
greenhouse.
layouts and projects that feature anything and
Being a foodie, Umut told me I must try the island's famous candied green walnuts so we stopped at Shiffa Home on the top floor. The shop's owner, Ayperi Gurdur, cans, candies and dries just about anything edible so you will find tons of edible delights like jams, marmalades and dried teas.
Well I was able to preserve the mystery for a while and anyway, luckily for me, he had quite a few other tricks up his sleeve.
Treatment options for drug addiction include application of medication such as naltrexone, buprenorphine and methadone for patients who have an addiction towards opioids. Those who are addicted to substances like tobacco can be effectively treated with the help of varenicline and bupropion or nicotine preparations including lozenges, gum, nasal sprays and patches. Alcohol dependence is successfully treated with the medications such as acamprosate, disulfiram, topiramate and naltrexone.
Dennis Etchison – Calling All Monsters
Cara Haycak started her writing career at Columbia University’s graduate writing program and received an MFA in 1995.
-THE CROWNING AWKWARD MOMENT OF THE ENTIRE VISIT: getting a male physician for the physical. Who happens to be cute and around the same age as you. And then that whole awkward moment when he has to listen to your breathing and heartbeat under your shirt. With his cold hands. No worries, there was a female physician in there at the same time. Oh and then when they're pumping blood out of you and BOTH your arms hurt and you're breathing in and out of your mouth so you don't cry/throw up, he happens to come from the front room and check on you. Awwwwwkward.
The information you obtain at this blog is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice. No attorney-client relationship is established by reading or commenting on this blog. You should consult an attorney for advice regarding your individual situation.
Sauce Preparation:
a. If an opponent making a challenge claimed the unconstitutionality of a legal text applied by the court whose ruling is being challenged, and if the court considering the challenge found that the claim was serious and should be ruled on, it halts the proceedings of the case and refers it to the Supreme Constitutional Court;
My parents did not really agree. Or maybe they did, but they still wouldn't let me have one.
HOMESCHOOLING STUDENT: _________________
Scudetta--StellaBaby's boyfriend, who loves to knit, hates crocheting, but as a straight dude, is terrified that Hoodie will "out" him to his coworkers at the fire department. Scudetta keeps his sock knitting hidden in his NY Yankees sports bag, sneaking a stitch or two alone in the locker room.
However, the pattern isn't charted. The first two rows gave me a heck of a time. But once I got the pattern set, and was able to read the lace, it was smooth sailing. I already have the pattern memorized.
Now if only one or more of these people could ever be bothered to be like, around, and not too busy or too whatever to actually meet with me and do something.. that would be really great.
Feel good up in the tree, up in the sky, up to the Highest!
You can make these cards as simple or as intricate as you wish...cut out the full color images (square, round, or oval in various sizes) with a paper trimmer, die, or scissors. If you like adding dimension to your projects, you can use snips to fussy cut and pop up some of the characters and other elements.
I’ve been inspired by the hilarious Uncomfortable Plot Summaries for movies blogpost. Inspired enough to have read all *361* comments on it. But comments are unfortunately closed, so I didn’t get to add my own! WAH! Plus, a lot of people don’t quite get the spirit of it. It’s not about a quick summary. It’s supposed to make it more awkward/uncomfortable as well.
Emshwiller: Oh, before, you mean?
South African Revenue Service
all around my soul
would be a big seller during our tourism season. Creative minds must think alike as evREwares was in the process of producing their line of “Big Guy Ties” and thought my idea of “Alaska Formal” ties for our market was a good one and bought the idea! I designed 6 different “Alaska Formal” themed ties including the iconic “Blue Tarp” tie, duct tape, fur, salmon skin, lumberjack, and my favorite the fishing lure tie! The ties are ready and orders are rolling in for evREwares. It’s fun to actually see Derek’s old blue tarp and favorite fishing flies and lures become immortal on the “Alaska Formal” Sticky Ties!
The alarm bells start ringing as I see the shape, figure and face of Lynne Shelloi. It's like the Enterprise going on to red alert.
The challenge for the month of May is to make a card for your mom (or other significant woman figure in your life). You must include some hand coloring in your project too! The details for this challenge can be found here.
As far as current works in progress, I have a paranormal /vampire story and another southern romance involving undercover police officers and a serial killer. I like to keep y’all guessing. You’ll never know what I’ll come up with next.
At the Lucky 13s, we’re all about luck, superstition, and beliefs. However, I’ve had reason to learn more about one particular form of belief system recently, astrology. Why? In my upcoming novel, MAID OF SECRETS, one of my spy girls is the niece of Queen Elizabeth’s astrologer, John Dee.
Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God.
If in fact it was Mr. Yoakley or any other teacher who allowed this article to be published in the year book, they should be dismissed from the school immediately. If it is found or known that Mr. Yoakley or any other teacher at any time has had any conversations or discussions with this student or any other student about their sexual orientation, sexual activities or anything about their private lives prior to those students being of legal age, those teachers should be charged with child sex abuse by an authority figure and arrested.
This clear distinction between home-grown and external popular culture was only possible in the special atmosphere of the fifties and early sixties. The Nordic countries had for centuries been open for economic and cultural exchange, in neither field they had strived to beself-sufficient to same extent as bigger nations. Although cultural development had been channelled through the bottleneck of nation building since the early nineteenth century, a large part of the ‘national culture’ was clearly pan-Nordic and/or had obvious connections with European culture. Not only the great artists and writers, like Thorvaldsen, Strindberg and Munch, found it necessary to travel widely to learn and seek inspiration, the popular culture gladly received impulses from abroad. A part of the nation-building processes had been the spreading of dances and folk music of mixed origins, often with a strong German component, all over the Nordic countries - each district developing its own style, underlined by specially designed 'national dresses'. The high ratio of trade secured a steady import of new styles from most of Europe, and the emigration to America also had its feedback. In many areas of the Nordic countries up to one fourth of the population emigrated, there followed a vivid correspondence over the Atlantic and some of the emigrants came back bringing with them new tunes, new dance steps and new ideas.
The unconscious parts of humanity are being prepared for mass disclosures with the publishing of many subtle articles of disclosure, and each time you hear of a planet discovered or a ‘new’ bacteria that scientists feel could be producing Life on other worlds, just know that you are being prepared for the admission that Life is abundant all throughout this beautiful Creation of ours.
Where is the waxing and the waning of womb and wild?
Our jobs included fixing and repackaging returned Christmas lights, clearing and sweeping the warehouses, sorting returned ornaments, and breaking down cardboard boxes. We worked hard. We were never on the official Sears payroll but my dad made sure he always gave us a few bucks for our time. But I think the main reason why some of us went to work with my dad was because of the McDonald's lunch break. We rarely went to fast food places as a kid and the opportunity to eat McDonald's was huge deal.
To the humans, power is a drug. I don’t think I need to explain exactly how you are all addicted. But you are so addicted that you have forgotten how to survive on the most basic of levels. Because the Earth is a garden you know, and gardens need tending, or at least basic understanding of what is food and what isn’t. And that’s important because when you become unplugged — and you will the time is coming for that, and soon — knowing about that tending will become far more important than any light bulb or plug in options.
So there you ha… wait. I almost forgot the knee. The knee! You also have a gammy knee which has chosen this very week to take on all the characteristics of a particularly rickety elderly person and send lots of fun pain whizzing around whenever you try and bend it, for no apparent reason.
In a large saucepan that has a fitted lid, combine the couscous, salt and water/stock. Cover and bring to a boil over high heat. Stir it once, turn off the heat, re-cover the pot, and let it sit for 10 minutes until all the liquid is absorbed.
This scene speaks for itself.
PHILIP was one of the first chosen disciples of Christ. On the way from Judea to Galilee Our Lord found Philip, and said, "Follow Me" Philip straightway obeyed; and then in his zeal and charity sought to win Nathaniel also, saying, "We have found Him of Whom Moses and the prophets did write, Jesus of Nazareth;" and when Nathaniel in wonder asked, "Can any good come out of Nazareth?" Philip simply answered, "Come and see," and brought him to Jesus. Another characteristic saying of this apostle is preserved for us by St. John. Christ in His last discourse had spoken of His Father; and Philip exclaimed, in the fervor of his thirst for God, "Lord, show us the Father, and it is enough"
Sweet potato casserole (prepped and ready to go into the oven for 30 minutes)
This top tire shows a traction type groove, the below are what we run.
;_;
No, Orcs attack in packs and always without warning. Like pack animals.
Relight Rule No. 10: Proceed with caution — finally, are you getting back together for the sake children? Think long and hard. Of course your children would've taken your breakup badly. And maybe they're finding it hard to adjust to the status quo.
Xtina…why do you bring out such hostile feelings in me? I can’t even comment on the Toddlers and Tiaras-inspired getup she’s wearing in this clip. Like, I can’t. So let’s move on.
Why aren't you eating your vegetables?
This is also called as Varaha parvata. This is the birth place of Tunga river, Bhadra river and Nethravathi river. Nethravathi river goes to west and merges in Arabian sea. Tunga river and Bhadra river goes in two seperate directions and joins at Koodli to form Tungabhadra river.
06-18 Amsterdam, Netherlands – Heineken Music Hall
Bye.Cya
The SSDI record states that the death information for Bâri' M. Shabazz was coded “V”.
Why do we keep losing? Simple. We keep playing the game using the other guys’ rules on their field and their ball. All the mayor has to do is say the words Wayne Theatre, and our side starts falling all over each other about how to respond.
Still want to find an agent and get a book deal? Okay, write for yourself and write the best book you can. In order to do that, join SCBWI, find a good critique group, learn to re-write and develop a very thick skin for rejection.
Anyhoo, I knew she was nominated for a South Bank Sky Arts Award for best album, along with Adele and PJ Harvey, but I never dreamed for a moment that even if she'd won she'd actually turn up. But turn up she did. I didn't see her arrive, but when Tom Jones announced she'd won she had to come all the way up through the room from the very back, and seeing as my table was just at the foot of the stage by the only steps up, she had to brush right past me. I was but feet away. I resisted the urge to touch her or shout out how much I love her - I'm a fortysomething year-old man, after all - and I'm very rarely starstruck, but that was one of those moments.
I will also be entering this centerpiece to the Cricut Circle Monthly Challenge: APRIL MONTHLY CHALLENGE: Center of Attention Challenge!
One of my many peculiarities is that I cannot cross the road: a) unless the green man at the pedestrian crossing has given the all clear, and b) without running across said road like a bat out of hell. Both a) and b) are prime ingredients for social awkwardness, particularly when you are in the presence of someone who perhaps does not know you very well. This happened a few weeks ago when I was out for lunch with some of the other trainees. I imagine that prior to our little outing they probably thought I was a normal human being. They possibly even thought I was cool. They now know the truth however.
I am soooo looking forward to school tomorrow!!
Metal tapped on the table top.
1) What in your life drains your energy?
Of course, there are more than a few people Brownie doesn’t like. Which might give the revelation of the bad guy alittlesuspense, at least. After all…I want the reader to figure it out, but not too soon. In order for this to work well, the characters can’t be the only ones feeling betrayed. For best emotion, I feel the reader needs to feel betrayed as well. Not by the author…but by the character. To understand why the protagonists are hurt, to feel their pain as well.
Wee bitch, eh?
This has quickly become a favorite in our household. It's honestly better than going out to a restaurant.
that will help you to hold your family as one.
“If we wouldn’t have been armed, it would have been taken,” he said.
Saute the scallions and onions in the olive oil until softened. Add the tomatoes and liquid from the can and cook for a few minutes, smashing the tomatoes a bit with a fork. Add the white wine, the cannellini beans, salt, pepper and shredded fresh basil. Simmer for about five minutes, then add the fish. Put a lid on the skillet, then let everything cook together for about five more minutes. That will be long enough to cook the fish. Garnish with more fresh basil and serve.
Consider one set of images from Zhang Dali’s exhibition at Walsh Gallery in Chicago last summer – a group of Chinese soldiers march across the upper right hand diagonal of a photograph, guns shouldered, confident straight ahead glares. Purposeful and austere, they are the embodiment of security, the acme of government patronage. A group of children observe this march, and most pay attention to their troops, looking literally up to them from the lower left of the frame. But this picture was not good enough. It was not to be presented to the public of China and changes were made. One alteration was the addition of painted color, but the more fascinating touch up are of those distracted boys, those that weren’t quite paying attention, being brushed out or redrawn. The final printed photograph shows every boy, every student of the Chinese army, at full attention.
Accentuating differences
LOVE hubby but he certainly does need all the help he can get with gift purchasing. I know in years to come it will only get easier as the little boys grow up and remind him it's my birthday soon or Mother's day is on the horizon.
By bringing these doctors and surgeons to the modern day site of the Gaza Hospital, Pasquini creates a bridge between the then and now. The juxtaposition between archive footage of the hospital and the modern day scenes are an effective way of displaying the transition that the entire city has gone through.
It was around this time that I discovered the world of blogging in its fullness... I was completely sucked in by the inspiration, the community, and the craftiness! This stay-at-home momma suddenly wasn't completely alone, and in the quiet moments while Trace was on the road I found that some of these communities and relationships kept me from a complete fog. It was around this time that I began to dream for my blog, I think. I felt like God was crafting in me a story that He wanted me to tell. I began to share more about the goings on in our home and my heart, and while I gained some readers, the healing I gained simply in the telling was miraculous.
4) Do gym 3 to 4 times a week.
To kneel in tears
what do you think? are you getting tired of seeing striped curtains? i have to admit
Many of you may be familiar with the “TED” concept and spirit. But for those of you who aren’t, do not be alarmed.
There is a harmony of unified energies that are racing to embody each of us and through your intention and devotion this Living Light of the One Source we can fulfill the divine plan for humanity.
1 coolness
7:00pm CST
Olives (optional)
Are you liking the art cover for I’m All Yours? Drop a comment below!
“Yeah so I screamed at the guy, I said, ‘you grabbed my boob! what are you, some kind of fucking pervert?’ So they took me behind the lines and broke my wrists.”
In addition, the album is up in the top of pre-order charts and overall sale charts in online music mp3 websites and music CD purchase websites, foretelling the success of this album.
Three very different worlds: the poignant psychic and geographical spaces of Neil Campbell's loners and misfits, the bright and brittle irony of Coupland's thirty-somethings in their sun-baked, contemporary-littered California, and the vivid, tactile yet mythic world of Vanessa Gebbie's Welsh Valleys town. Isn't it amazing what books can give you?
Coke or Pepsi? Coke, even though I don’t drink it often. Pepsi is the devil’s work.
Campbell wasn't far off on the alcoholic strengths. Foreign-brewed Lager averaged (at least the examples I have) 4.27% ABV. British-brewed Lagers 3.57% ABV.
Who’s closet would you want to raid?
Medicinal mushrooms have long been used in Asia as an energy tonic to help promote longevity and overall health. Amongst the many types of medicinal mushrooms, including Maitake, Cordyceps, and Shiitake, Reishi is one of the most versatile medicinal mushrooms.
I need to teach a basic understanding of elapsed time to my fourth-graders.
For a couple of weeks I had been studying the characters of Moses, Nehemiah and even Jesus. See, I felt I was at the end of what I knew to do alone and I needed help! So I told God about it. Again, and again, and again. Did I say, again?
My next cycle nearest the Witch I noticed that the wall beneath the window had become permeable and there was a startlingly vibrant, green floor on the other side that I quickly realized was grass. It was grass, simple and yet extraordinarily detailed, with each blade spanning the gamut of green, from light-almost-yellow to a deep, luscious emerald. All of the other elements of the dreamscape seemed washed out and pale by comparison. The Witch was turned away from the window although close enough for me to reach, had I hands to touch her with. The contempt of her demeanor and stance, taken alongside the fact that she had caused my involuntary transformation, made it clear that she discounted me and my ability to regain my former state of consciousness, apparently believing that my individuality had already been subsumed by the living structure around us.
You can also get soap sheets, or pack some dry detergent with you.
Construction has begun -
they can. Opening doors and windows to let the new opportunities flow
Around mid-April, I finally finished the first rough pass, printed it, and swapped it with Kat. She returned that copy a few weeks later, and although I know she's an art teacher by profession, I learned she's pretty good with a red pen too. Despite all the corrective encouragement, it took me a few more months to muster the motivation to take another whack at a rewrite. This whack coming not without another competitive challenge from my friends. We had decided to claim this November as our own 'rewrite in a month' (or so) project.
– Concerns Over Financing Stall Juvenile Justice Reforms in Georgia
By the time we meet the escorts at the gate, they have had a chance to rest a bit, the babies are clean and fed, and Sr. Ellen has tickets under control. Sr. Ellen is able to go on board with escorts to help get them settled. We say goodbye to the little cuties and wish them a happy life. Sometimes it is hard to part with them!
We call all our Greek readers and followers to embrace it, and we only hope that you enjoy reading it, as much as we enjoyed building it!
Monsoon season is rather interesting. Many Westerners think of it as non-stop rain for six months, which is not true. In fact, the normal cycle is to have moments when the sky gets dark and foreboding. Then the sky literally splits asunder and water falls so fast it doesn’t even bother to form drops. This normally lasts about 10 or 15 minutes, and usually occurs just before sunrise or just after sunset.
Ibrahim had also called on the government to ignore demands made by the MCA and Gerakan as punishment for their failure to attract Chinese voters.
Is physiotherapy a waste of NHS resources?
Best known for the Critics’ Choice Movie Awards, now going into its 18th year, the Broadcast Film Critics Association established BTJA and the Critics’ Choice Television Awards in 2011 on behalf of television journalists working in electronic media to celebrate outstanding work in television. In addition to honoring the best shows and performers from the previous season, the Critics’ Choice Television Awards will also highlight the Most Exciting New Series premiering in the coming months, judging from pilots and early episodes.
The airstrike came as the U.S. and Yemen cooperate in a battle against al-Qaida in southern Yemen.
Helen grabs and rescues the baby, as others gather, and help Walter soak the trashpile with gasoline. Before Helen can get away, Candyman grabs her. She accuses him of lying to her about letting the baby live, and Candyman responds that it doesn't matter, because she will die soon either way. Helen's response is to impale Candyman with a flaming stake, then attempt to save the baby.
I mean seriously...who wouldn't want a Brutal Legend RPG? This stuff is gold! Just like adventure time half the appeal is fleshing out the intriguing, huge and mysterious world that the video game created and meeting the weird inhabitants...then shredding them with lightning bolts and flaming zeppelins from the sky!! The world of Metal is an insane adventure waiting to happen.
6 dried Bay Leaves
But getting back together again without ensuring it's going to work will only make things worse for them. If you've considered all the above rules — and think you've got an excellent chance — then go for it.
One aspect of Korea he liked was the “respect for authority” that seems to be missing in the States. I wonder about these things. Is the respect for authority enforced heavily, or does it come naturally? Is there really more obedience in Korea than in the US?
Melkote, S.R. 1991. Communication for Development in the Third world: Theory and Practice. New Delhi, Sage.
Now, everybody dance !
One of my nurses was in an orientation of sorts. She'd been a nurse for a long while, but never in L&D. She was being shadowed by another L&D nurse and I was their patient for the night. LOVELY!!! It truly was.
By the way, in case you are apprehensive which amateur I'd accord a "perfect 10," they are Air-conditioned Mario Bros. 3, The Fable of Zelda: A Hotlink to the Past, Air-conditioned Mario 64, Metal Gear Solid, and The Fable of Zelda: Ocarina of Time.
COPENHAGEN BEER CELEBRATION
Robert Conrad, the star of the original series, refused a cameo, trashed the film, and eventually accepted several Razzies on behalf of it in order to protest what had been done to the material. Last year, Will Smith publicly apologized to Conrad, saying he now understood that he had been a part of not only a terrible movie, but of insulting fans of the original series. Anyone who watches movies will still be offended by The Wild Wild West.
Blown Budgets:
Please mention number #34 when emailing me about buying, as I have some similar ones
Ward CO, Kuna RA, Synder NK, Alsaker RD, Coate WB, & Craig PH. Subchronic inhalation toxicity of benzene in rats and mice. Am J Ind Med 1985; 7: 457.
Michaela Martens as Marilyn Klinghoffer partners Alan Opie in performances of great dignity, honesty and vulnerability. Their plight brings home the essence of this history of macrocosm and microcosm: two innocent, normal people are caught up in something not of their making and out of their control, their lives shattered as a result. The opera, at its core, is about how ordinary people are destroyed by world events. It is always the innocent who pay the price.
supplied the ilustration.
Sita’s Ramayana by Samhita Arni, illustrations by Moyna Chitrakar (Groundwood Books, 2011). The Ramayana, one of the greatest legends of ancient India, is presented in the form of a visually stunning and gripping graphic novel, told from the perspective of the queen, Sita (Grade 6 & above).
It was not always thus. There are politicians in modern history whose command of language was sublime, people who could have lived in the great ages of the past, in the Athens of Pericles, people whose words will always be remembered for their perspicacity and transcendence. For me there are two in particular: Abraham Lincoln and Winston Churchill.
This morning I had an IBS episode which could be the damned pizza I ate yesterday(I was under calorie goal) or the stress from trying to find the right home for us. I guess I have a stress management problem because that kind of thing is getting to me.
—-What do birthdays mean to you?
But I cannot ignore the elephant in the room: the hall was near-impossible to traverse. Three people could not pass down the aisles simultaneously, so it was very dificult for people to browse your work comfortably most of the time. Exhibitors on the central aisles were crammed in back to back with almost no room for manoeuver, and it was hard to stand up and engage with people face to face because there was inevitably a chair in your way, buckling you at the knees.
Second, we've been deluged with wonderful Christmas cards this year, and I feel pretty lame for not sending any out this year. Correction: I sent out about ten to old people whose feelings would be hurt if they didn't get one, but otherwise, dear friends? I love you all dearly but if you want a card, you're shit out of luck. Please consider this my Christmas offering for the year:
March 15, 2011
As we waited in the jacked up waiting area for our flight (it was running a little late, expecting to take off at 5:05 instead of 4:50…no biggy. And the waiting area is jacked up because of a bunch of construction that’s going on in that terminal right now), I noticed the guy sitting across from us was a little jumpy. He dropped his boarding pass on the ground, and didn’t make a move to pick it up. So after a sec, I picked it up for him, and said, “Sir, you dropped your boarding pass.” He took it from me, and then said something about how he was trying to miss this flight. But it wouldn't work out because another one didn’t leave for 2 days.
I realize that this is just a phase and that I will somehow get through it and I will be able to get through it. It just seems that when I get home from work, I can't get myself to read. Now part of this is due to the fact that I was watching all of season 1 of Game of Thrones on Tuesday and Wednesday and just came off of Season 2 of Downton Abbey the previous week, but I feel little or no motivation to do any reading at all. Of course I have a bunch of books available not only on my e-reader but also in paper format, but I just don't feel the need to read anything. Any idea how to get out of this funk? I did a previous post on this or I have seen posts on this topic and I can't seem to find anything that would help or I just can't recall where I have seen such a post.
I invite you to be in prayer for the Vision Team as they do this important work that, if done right, will ensure that Northway is carrying out the vision God has called us to do.
2 disorder
.strychnine
A: Lulu is the real tiger mom in the morning. I’d sleep through lunch every day if she didn’t drag me out of bed.
Rehman is a great composer and I am his great fan but I guess this was not one of his best scores, he has given great music in many other Bollywood movies and this was average for his standard in my opinion. It did not spin any magic for me at least.
i feel like i've been living on the internet for far too long. before babyloss even. i've been living on blogs and facebook for a very long time.
For all the non-chronological slicing and dicing, Dean and Cindy's relationship follows a fairly familiar trajectory. They meet while Cindy is in college, and Dean—working for a moving company at the time—sweeps this ambitious, career-minded woman off her feet with a banjo and an earnestly sung tune (which, not too subtly, is called "You Always Hurt the Ones You Love"); she becomes pregnant from a previous relationship, though, and after she finds herself unable to go through an abortion, they decide to get married. But, of course, that original romantic spark doesn't last in married life. The film itself opens in the waning days of their marriage, and later on, we see Dean—a house painter, bearded, given to fits of alcoholism—making one last desperate attempt, in a futuristic sex-hotel room, to rekindle the heat missing in their union.
Caleb – Oregon
Dip the dried strawberries into the melted chocolate and make sure the strawberry is coated but leave some room at the top. I feel like the appropriate chocolate coating level might be self-explanatory but maybe there are some people out there who are total idiots who don’t know not to cover up the entire thing. I just dipped them in using my fingers and twirled until it was coated. When the chocolate level was kind of low I used a spoon to help cover the strawberries. Set each berry on a sheet of parchment paper until the chocolate is cooled and forms a hard shell. It takes about 10 minutes to cool and harden.
When we look at the prophetic passages dealing with God’s judgment on a people group we can see quite clearly that a disturbance of the luminaries is not an uncommon thing.
The grin on Julian’s face spread as he reached for Kate’s foot. The appendage acted of its own volition, gliding into his waiting hands like the wanton traitor it was.
These are the specific instructions that came with my wallpaper. My tutorial above gives a general idea of how to install wallpaper, but it is important to follow the exact directions for your wallpaper of choice.
Not that it's a good film. Remember, Full Moon, right? Right. Just to tick off its negatives, its has more padding than the bras at a junior high dance. The credits alone last something like five minutes. The film itself is very much a Charles Band inaction movie. We are treated to long scenes of cleaning of an old house and people standing around at a party. The film at times plays nearly like a still life.
March Madness officially begins tomorrow, and this is how it will work.
Pat remarked, “Gee, the dripping has turned into a down pour. What the hell is happening?”
But first ... there's always a first isn't there? I wanted to gauge your interest on the blog, with a couple of questions since I have your attention... doing these extreme giveaways are very time consuming and I have only been doing them quarterly -- how would you feel if I offered instead like a book a week instead? It might give you all more options to win? I am trying to think of a way to make sure you all get info on all the fab books out there, but I also want to be able to offer huge giveaways like WOW, someone here has just won FREAKING 25 BOOKS! Maybe I can do 4 or 5 books in a month and then everyone who enters for those 4 and 5 books can have a chance to win all those books each month -- just trying to figure out how to save some time here for me and also optimize the chances you all have to win!
God is sovereign. Whatever season of life – sugar high happiness, normal try-to-get-up-in-time-for-class days, or those days when you just want to lie in bed and cry your heart out – there is a reason. God doesn’t change. He was, is, and will always be who He is – unchangeable, perfect, holy, loving. So don’t ever, ever doubt His existence or love for you in times of trial! Remember what was sacrificed for your life in heaven – He humbled himself in obedience, to the point of death on a cross. He died as a human, the almighty holy God, and died a death that the lowest criminal, the scum of the earth deserved – a painful, humiliating death as the people who celebrated as he entered Jerusalem and showered him with love cursed his name and spit in his face. The full wrath of God, separation from Him, our guilt, our shame. The perfect and innocent Jesus, did that for us, out of love. Don’t ever doubt His love for you.
Of course there are daily errands and things
3. In a large bowl, combine the pasta with the roasted vegetables, marinara sauce, all the cheeses except the Parmesan, the peas, and the remaining salt and pepper. Gently mix using a wooden spoon until all the pasta is coated with sauce and the ingredients are combined.
We provide a full scope of Immigration solutions to help get individuals and their families to Vietnam on time and in full compliance with local immigration law and foreign labor regulations.
Looking out of the room, Rome is going under water right now with heavy rain, and it seems that this is a forecast of where the negotiations are going right now. But maybe the forced break due to this weather might help some informal negotiations to lead out of this difficult situation.
Google’s attorney, J. Holtz, has reportedly said that the Commission had contacted the company about the complaints.
there is a place out there where I can do my hair, put on makeup, and wear only a couple of layers..
Whatthe hell are they doing?
All of which, I think, is suggesting to me how I should approach my current dilemma.. So - better get on with it!
In honor of it being more than a year since any of us last posted, I thought I'd do a post. Also because I just got all my recipes typed up and saved onto my computer. And that makes it a whole lot easier to make a recipe blog. :) It has been forever since I even thought about making a post on here though. Does anyone even look at this blog anymore, I wonder? Ok, here ya go -- it is a recipe I got from my Kraft Foods magazine and it's actually so good. We love it. Fast, simple & still tasty. Hope you enjoy it.
In the midst of their confusion—their slowness of heart—Cleopas and his companion respond to a stranger with hospitality. The stranger who has listened to their story…the stranger who has told their faith story back to them in a way they had not heard or seen before—even from their own scripture and tradition. This stranger is the one whom they invite to stay with them.
May all of us live in Peace with one another.
2 – While I can totally see being mad at the parent who broke my kid’s leg, I can also see moving on. Getting over it. Realizing it could have been ME. Lasting consequences seems a bit dramatic for an injury that, the article says, the children recover from in 4 to 6 weeks, without “lasting complications.” (Except, of course, for the divorce.)
Pina Coladas, no. Getting caught in the rain, definitely. There's something liberating about dancing amidst the raindrops, catching the drops on your tongue and just being free. I do the same thing in a snow storm.
First of all, I apologize for the month of February in which I completely forgot to post its film previews. Hope you’ve all still enjoyed this month’s films.
Layout Title: "It's Your Turn"
The good news is that the iSeries, when preparing sql statements, is doing an explain plan and logs it’s advised indexes in a system tables. But all advised indexes aren’t good to create, may be you can reuse an existing one by re-phrasing your sql statement. So we had to list advised indexes and existing one for each table, take a look at the number of times the index was advised,…
When the machine is finished, take the dough out, sprinkle a small amount (one tablespoon) of flour on your bench and knead the dough into a smooth ball. You'll notice at this stage, the dough is elastic - if you pull a piece out, it's springy. Shape the loaf, put it in a greased or lined bread tin and let it sit in a warm place until the bread has risen. This will take about 30 minutes in a warm kitchen but up to an hour in a cool one. You could also put your tin on top of a hot water system, or in the sun with a moist tea towel on the top to help it rise. I used three flower pots and divided the dough equally into three portions and added them to the pots.
“Games are won and lost in the midfield,” he said. “Most of the game is fought and played in the midfield and that’s where you keep possession of the ball. Having such a strong midfield helps us keep possession and that’s key to our philosophy — not taking risks, just keeping the ball and waiting for opportunities to happen.”
None of this. Absolutely none of this will be thought through.
This time it was a postcard from Feargal while he was in Toronto, massively delayed by volcanic ash!
Barely up to my ankles, across to the other side!
The drawings in the Donald Young show were total rubbish anyway you look at it. But the sculpture fountains were great. Maybe they didn’t say much. Maybe if a PhD in contemporary art theory was there to school me on the works’ finer points it would have meant more. But what I do know is that the work was engaging. The sights and sounds of the huge contraptions cycling on and off was strangely peaceful and meditative. And he is a famous artist, so I was also a little bit star struck.
The plan was to paint a canvas each as a birthday presant to
Here is one question asked, followed by the answer I provided. It isn't tremendously grammatical, but I was in a hurry.
I grabbed the Ibizarre Tweed Fur Jacket for Lazy Sunday while I was in the store grabbing the landmark for this blog because….. well, just look at it……!
to balance you.
“Well?” “Well WHAT?” “Well…has HE CALLED?” “Nope.” “Ugh.” And so began a weekend of us taking turns making the “ugh” sound as the conversation spun.
since I'm not doing that so often lately
PS–Can you show me that verse in Scripture where we are told how to do it ‘God’s way’?
WINNER of CHLOE SWEET STUFF!!!
Crème awoke being roughly skaken. It was still dark.
Even though it’s really grief porn.
Once both cakes were baked and cooled, I began making the filling. Since I knew that the brown sugar cake was going to be pretty sweet, I wanted the filling to be light. so I whipped up a batch of cream cheese frosting, and then lightened it with a batch of freshly whipped cream.
Hat tip: Dad/Mom
ME: Um, a rapper?
Ever tried easy boarding on a coaching gate, its real fun. The gate opens, you go through, only the boarding card you were given at check-in doesn’t have “easy boarding” printed on it, so now you have to find your original easy boarding card, nothing’s easy about that when some passengers realised that the check-in crew had kept them and exchanged them for the traditional cards. No proof of purchase of the premier service then?
The whole experience makes me wonder if Air Asia is really worth it. With only midnight and super early flights on offer, and then the whole LCCT experience... it makes me wonder! For AU$75, yes?
What makes all of this so worse is that criminals are almost "protected". Homeowners may not shoot an intruder unless the intruder first shoots them. To shoot an intruder means going to jail - as though you, the victim, are the criminal.
About three months later, researchers checked in on the mice and found the bald mice had regrown the hair they lost from stress and could not be distinguished from their unstressed, hairy counterparts.
* ½ teaspoon baking soda
M1 Carbines also make great zombie rifles. Old timers will bemoan the increase in ammo prices for the caliber, but that doesn't mean the round can't be stocked.
I’ll tell you who we’re sponsoring and where to send your dollar. You’ll need a paypal account to play. If you don’t have a Paypal account, you just need one. It’s time. So go ahead and set one up and meet me back here. I’ll link a button to the Paypal account that we’ll be blasting. Then once you’ve donated your dollar spread the word to get some more dollars in here. If you have a voice, an email account, a blog, a facebook page, a twitter account or a pinboard USE IT! The only way we can make a big difference is to make it viral!
At noon-ish, Andrea, a FRG (um, not sure what it stands for, but it's some family organization inside of the army) leader in Andrea's group, and I went to Sam's Club to buy some food/water/soda's for their sale tomorrow. I guess it's Military Appreciation days at Ft. Bliss (or something like that), and her FRG group is selling food to raise money. It was fun to tag along. I'd only been to Sam's Club once before, I think. With my sister-in-law. Pretty cool store, I have to say :)
Dimitra
Of those lessons, here's what I think is the most important one: be brave. And by being brave, I mean you need to be brave enough to let go of a manuscript that isn't working. Some of us are so talented that
An open door is important. But like my little neighbor and her birdcage, you have to do a lot more than open the door. You have to open yourself also.
In my internal spiritual journey...a search for me, if you will, I have spent many hours reading a wide selection of books and watching documentaries on the subjects of atheism, metaphysics, spirituality, and the origin of religion. Knowledge is power and as it is said.."take what you can use and leave the rest."
A local broker, however, had a more pragmatic view, saying that although Sime Darby was keen to venture into high-end development, it did not necessarily want to obtain everything at one go via a general offer, which would have been a much riskier proposition.
Everything you say, I hear
"Just imagine the work to keep it. The smallest particle hitting you…the smallest amount of energy…the smallest, most inconsequential force applied, and BAM, you've got heat."
This suited me perfectly as it gave me the chance to concentrate on getting that great image of Barry. Thanks Ben.
needing the broken cookie to process some repressed feelings, ect and
When I was a young girl, there was an “elderly” spinster living in the house across the road. While I thought she was old, in reality she was perhaps not far past retirement when she came to live in our street. My memory tells me dimly that sometimes I would be invited over for a cold drink and I suppose a biscuit. I faintly recall lots of quality furniture in the house and the story went that she was well off. I suspect she possibly wasn’t all that well off as she had worked as a typist or secretary throughout her life.[i] Having been trawling through Trove I’m wondering if perhaps she is the “Miss Daisy King” who was secretary to the Brisbane Chamber of Commerce.
3-4 cups vegetable stock/mushroom stock
Here's a closer view of the image that shows the results of my using Copic colors on Bazzill Simply Smooth cardstock:
Therefore, welcome to the Carolina Renaissance Festival, part of the RoyalFaires renaissance circuit. Just north of Charlotte North Carolina, it's smaller than our beloved Minnesota faire, coming at just about 22 acres. Nevertheless, it's loaded with jousting, swords, juggling, fairies, wizards, and the occasional knight.
Warranty Period
Artist : Climbers
The idiot let loose with a rapid fury of strikes and blows from the photograph, pulverizing the sheets near the foot of the bed.
“If a woman runs around and if a man runs around with her, both of them should be killed,” said Mr. Kadyrov, who often has stated his goal of making Chechnya “more Islamic than the Islamists.”
On the one hand, its public policy agenda is essentially a defense of existing arrangements no matter their effectiveness or sustainability, apparently premised on the assumption that American women can’t make cost-benefit calculations or indeed do basic math. In addition to ignoring the taxes that will be required of its businesswoman heroine across her working life, “The Life of Julia” hails a program (Head Start) that may not work at all, touts education spending that hasn’t done much for high school test scores or cut college costs, and never mentions that on the Obama administration’s own budget trajectory, neither Medicare nor Social Security will be able to make good on its promises once today’s 20-something Julias retire.
Barstool Mountain by The Frontier Circus
Dr. Ruth
Another issue we've dealt with this week is pecking. One afternoon a Barred Rock pullet was bloody as all get out on her comb and head. Turns out it was just her comb. We weren't totally sure how to handle it, but so far what we've done has worked. We grabbed her up, cleaned up her head and put iodine on her comb. We then separated her from the flock. We put Josie's crate inside the chicken yard with some food and water in it for her. That night we slathered an anti-bacterial cream on her comb and put her in the coop to roost. She was all dried up and looking much better by morning. She is still healing with no further assault so hopefully the Rhode Island Red that was bothering her has stopped.
What really makes the Finnish school system different is that the
I really don’t want to. I wanted and thought we would do this together as friends, as we have discussed this before and she was in agreement it would be for the best to live together, until one of us needs to move on after I go full time.
Duration: 65 mins
The Court recalls, first, that the Directive on the legal protection of computer programs1 extends copyright protection to the expression in any form of an intellectual creation of the author of a computer program2. However, ideas and principles which underlie any element of a computer program, including those which underlie its interfaces, are not protected by copyright under that directive.
Folks, it’s not a pretty picture, but I won’t apologize for sounding like a broken record about it in the pages of this blog. It’s a crisis we’d better face earlier than later.
My thoughts still escape me. Tangled with feelings that I can not unknot, try as I may. I see a dog chase it's tail in circles, stupidly. In vanity it believes it will catch itself one of these days. I am that dog, even if I don't want to be. I fight myself and what I believe. I let myself get ahead of today and search for future securities. There are no guarantees. Another cliche. Too many of them roam my head, but I keep repeating them anyway. They are what keep me going. They make me believe that it's all for a reason. It will all be okay. And they remind me to hold tight. We all know what's most important in life, so why is it so hard to keep focus of it? Why does it feel such a fight to stay on task. To stay the course.
Although some exceptions are allowed, I recommend that you stick to submissions that are ordinary postcard size (approx 4 x 6 inches). I'm sorry this information is so late. Remind me to tell you about this project next year, so you will have more time to prepare for it.
I've been loving all the Christmas music flowing through my speakers these days.
3 Tablespoons milk or water
Psalm 1, May 24, 2009
The third problem the United Nations has is its lack of visibility. One solution would be for the UN to establish a space program. This would involve all member nations in a common enterprise, one that would benefit all of us in the long run and would instill a sense of pride in humanity.
FINALLY!!
An example of how difficult it can be to challenge consumer perceptions is in the case of Coca-Cola in Saudi-Arabia. Coca-Cola has very low brand equity in this market for a very unique reason. Its early entry to the Israeli market in the 60’s precipitated complete rejection of the brand when initially attempting to penetrate the Saudi market in the 90’s.
I've been studying a lot of armor lately, and I think the idea of what your wearing also being able to save your skin has seeped into my styling goals. Although these vintage Doc Martens probably won't protect me from any real danger, they do shield my shins from the garbage and hobo piss ridden landscape I traverse everyday. I suppose if I ever find myself hurled into a high-speed body-to-pavement skidding situation, these boots might save some of my skin?
marriage, (fornication) and against God’s will (disobedience) is what I call an illegal soul
For all my subscribers to this blog and those who have contacted me via email regarding my Dukan-diet blog posts, you might have already realised that I now have deleted the posts – I simply had too many emails and contacts, to a scale I never had expected. It has been a maze since I had never thought I would receive so much feedback and attention with those blog posts – thanks to all of you who have participated, it’s much appreciated. It took until now to wade through all your emails, and also until now to analyse the special demands and wishes many of you have expressed regarding diets and everything surrounding this fat subject. Therefore, watch this space, I will soon post a blog for those of you insisting on more guidance on the matter.
Bournemouth tourism chiefs were very unhappy last year when the Met Office supercomputer predicted storms on a Bank Holiday
Before those two Thugs
Freddy vs. Jason, Bride Of Chucky, End Of Days, Zoolander, Universal Soldier: The Return, Little Nicky, Scream 3, Dracula 2000, Blade II, Return Of The Living Dead 5: Rave To The Grave, NASCAR Thunder 2004
"I don't know. I don't work there," she snapped.
Before I go all of us here at Creatalicious would like to wish you all a Very Merry Christmas and a safe, happy and prosperous New Year!!!
First, don't spend a crazy amount of money. Seriously. It's one night. It's not your wedding, or even your real prom. I highly recommend the stylings of H&M or Forever 21 for this kind of endeavor for this very reason. Do not go to Neimans, do not stop at Intermix, do not spend $200. Seriously.
06-01 Philadelphia, PA – Wired 96.5 Fest
info@Emmausleeds.co.uk
Hey Dawn! I was at Lake Tahoe this past weekend, I happened to stumble across a wooden plate that read "Who are these kids and why are they calling me 'Mom'?!"Do you have any wooden plates of the liking or would at the moment like one for your birthday?
Today, I made two items to send to Kristal. I can't tell you how much I have enjoyed being a part of this great team. Kristal's two favorite colors are pink and green. She also is a HUGE fan of owls. I decided to combine these 2 "favorites" of hers to make a card and a mini journal.
Arrange chicken on backing sheet. Evenly top with mayo mixture, then sprinkle with bread crumbs.
The Role of the MMO during Seismic Testing
They moved the trap further away from the garbage can and continued their pursuit. They ended up baiting the trap multiple times a day, and nearly tearing their hair out as they tried to discover how the creature was getting the bait but not springing the trap.
If the people want to win their liberty and above all their freedom they have to first know whom the enemy is. People don't. Therefore the battle is already lost. The biggest challenge ahead for people is not removing the NWO/elites, but understanding their enemy and waking up to stop believing the emperor's fully clothed. They won't, as I've said time and time again, they've been altered. They accept things in society, as not being any problem today that in the past were greatly frowned upon. This is conditioning. This is the altering of society. This is the demolition of cultures, traditions, morals and taboos, in order to lay the foundations of the new world society, one with one culture, one race (and the separate race of the elites), a moral-less society with no taboos, where paedophilia, necrophilia, government euthanasia, organ removal and murder will all be perfectly legal within society. This is where we're going and we'll be there very soon.
His plan for the economy is to "inspire" Pakistanis to pay tax – currently only 2% do so. "We just need to have some austerity and collect taxes. If we do that, we can balance our budgets," he said.
We just have to bear it with love
Historical notes:
Dogfish Head comes in with a different idea, they make it taste like a pumpkin not pumpkin pie, they also introduce a brown sugar flavor that really helps to make this beer drinkable compared to other pumpkin ales. It pours a nice orange/amber color more like a brown ale (Newcastle) than an Oktoberfest. You can smell all of the spices: cinnamon, brown sugar, all spice and nutmeg. A pretty full bodied beer and I probably could only drink the one at a time. The pumpkin taste is very apparent but not overwhelming and there is a pretty nice hoppy bitterness to finish it off. Which is why I probably liked it more than other pumpkins.
But there have been changes.
Now go have fun writing your kind of story.
In the 1850's - a period when as we've already seen many were keen on getting soldiers off spirits - "Allen's Indian Mail" has lots of adverts from the East India Company inviting tenders for beer orders. This is a typical one:
5.Sand (again to knock down any "bumps" or imperfections that may have arisen from the quick-drying primer)
It's a familiar pattern. I start what seems like a simple task. As I make ever-more-desperate attempts to finish I get constantly interrupted by the latest crisis: by Jackson head-butting into me for the fun of it, Addy climbing on my lap, Jared explaining exactly why Camryn is in the wrong in their latest disagreement, Camryn asking if I will let her make breadsticks, the dog chewing a plastic container lid or Addy deciding to bite my arm just for the fun of it (10 seconds ago). Eventually I give up and flee my laundry folding/desk organizing/dish-doing attempts for the temporary consolation of facebook/blogging/eating a snack that doesn't look like it has too many calories.
On October 4, 2001, Siberia Airlines Flight 1812 crashed over the Black Sea. The plane was en route from Tel Aviv, Israel, to Novosibirsk, Russia, and all 78 people aboard were killed. The crash was initially thought to be a terrorist attack, since an Armenian plane near the scene reported seeing the Russian plane explode before it crashed into the sea. However, American intelligence reported that the crash was due to an errant S-200 surface to air missile fired as part of a Ukrainian Air Defense Forces exercise. Many people have labeled this hypothesis unlikely, considering the missiles range and safety features, claiming that the US was in fear of mass hysteria with yet another terrorist attack in the weeks following September 11. Ultimately, the government of Ukraine officially recognized their military’s fault in the accident and started negotiating compensation payments for victims’ relatives.
MASH-TUN WASH OFF - 'At present there is no proper wash-off for cleaning out bottom of mash tuns after false bottom plates are taken up, all washings having to be brushed through the 4" wort draw-off cock.' This is very unsatisfactory, and I have recommended the cutting of one 9" hole in each mash-tun and same to be fitted with plug.'
when one might order 'off the menu'
For week seven my goals are to:
But I feel you can’t go wrong with the blues.
Have you ever watched dairy cows grazing in a field? Just picture it – a sunny day, buttercups dotting the green fields, a blue sky with just a few white clouds….ah….yes…how serene. And the cows, well, they mosey around, eating whatever they’d like – not a care in the world. In that moment, wouldn’t you just love to know what it’s like to live in a world that is just like that field? Oh, I would. To be content, just appreciating the blessings right in front of me. Enjoying the provisions of today, and not giving even the slightest thought of what tomorrow may or may not bring.
xxoo Alice
Combine flour, baking soda, salt and cinnamon in a medium bowl.
What it’s really like being a supermodel
Malt: Weyerman Munich, CaraRed, CaraAroma and Carfa Special II malts. Rahr Pale
William Edward Collins argues in his introduction to The Church Historical Society’s 1899 edition of The Canons of 1571 in English and Latin that the canons derive their authority from the bishops in synod and not from the advice and consent of the clergy. In any event the Canons never received the royal assent and consequently they possessed no legal force. While the Canons were thus lacking legal validity, they were accepted as authoritative in the Province of Canterbury and were acted upon in the dioceses of the Southern province.
Just a quick one to say that I have not been able to comment on all blogs. It seems to be mainly the blogs that require an additional verification code to comment.You know the one where you can't just click enter at the end but have to actually click on the "post" button. I know a lot of people are having probs at the moment with blogger and hopefully they will get it fixed soon but just sos you know. I am still reading - just not able to comment on everyone's.
Many of my clients are exploring new-generation virtual learning strategies, such as two-way video virtual classrooms and the like. We’re also going to need to move into some interesting digital design work – technology that serves up our content in more dynamic and user-friendly fashion.
With Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week in New York launching today {yipee! schedule here}, I thought this the perfect time to write about one of my favorite designers. It's already been chatted up in shelter magazines, national newspapers and blogland. But in case you haven't heard, in July Lee Jofa announced its first licensed collection of home fabrics from fashion legend, Oscar de la Renta. The fabric collection includes 25 designs in silk, linen, velvet and cotton which range from delicate floral embroidery to ethnic-inspired prints. The fabrics feature the fine tailoring and opulent detail that is the Oscar de la Renta signature.
HUNTED: Faceless monsters pursue and attack a young teen at her summer job.
It was while we were examining that specific scene, that we noticed a vehicle standing on the opposite side of the highway. On closer inspection we discovered that the sole occupant, sitting behind the steering wheel, had been shot dead in the head. The entrance wound resembled the typical .38 or 9mm calibre.
(realize eating is important and take a food break at 11am.)
Looking back at myself, when I started off in university I can honestly say – I am not the woman today! I was insecure about myself, and my ability to succeed academically, and in life! I took for granted the people in my life, and did not appreciate how wonderful life is, and how amazing I can be if I try!
Granted, I am still only 12.5 kms from the cbd (or 35 minutes by car) or 60 minutes back to my beloved Windsor but I feel somewhat like Ive moved states.
“Stained Glass Masquerade”
Honestly, I’m not really sure how to organize these pictures into posts. When I forced you to see, when I shared with you my shots from our Charleston trip I broke those down into each day we were there. However, with these it’s a little more difficult, because some days I took loads of photos and others not so much. So, I’ll break them down into 3 categories: room, board, and sites. I’ll try to make them into three posts, but we’ll see what happens, remember I have that itchy shutter finger, so I’ve got LOADS of shots I just can’t wait to share!
at his grave.
The first few years after the 1994 election, the ANC and NP ruled together in a coalition. So the ANC has actually only been in power for ten years. Ten years it took them to redudce a prosperous first world country to the rubbish it is now. Compared to the almost 30 years it took other African countries to go through the same, it looks as if the ANC is going for a record.
I don't know what I'm going to do with myself after it's over (besides sport that Tiffany necklace around like it's going out of style!), but you know what they say: when one door closes, another door opens!
Lord Dormir: Well what do you know? We ARE outside.
It cleans things! It recharges! It has fancy brushes which mean you can actually use it as a back-up vacuum, not just something you use to do the car with. In fact, the only thing I don't like about this vacuum is the press release, which reads "now Dad can do his bit and keep the car fresh". Shame on you, Dirt Devil. This isn't the 1950s. Dad can vacuum the house.
And then they start to trot out the charts and graphs… something CCP does better than any other game developer I have seen… to show what happened, culminating in the actual short-term impact on economic activity in Jita.
-NPR (www.npr.org) – They’re liberal and yes, they have an agenda. But they do try hard to present both sides of the story and they keep alive what liberalism is supposed to be about, instead of the elitist version that is currently practiced by the Democratic Party, the Bay Area, and the entire northeast corridor.
My thanks to all of you who shared your goals and dreams for 2012.
I started the day with a mild hangover (as evidenced by an awesome session on UnTappd) so we filled our bellies with breakfast from Eggtc. and drove up to St Joseph, Missouri. Our destination was the Glore Psychiatric Museum. We've heard from friends and family that it's worth the trip and decided to check it out. I'm more into the odd stuff than Randyl is, but the place is fascinating. The atmosphere wasn't quite what we expected, but they have several rooms over two floors featuring antiquated/historical treatment for mental illness. As we learned more about the way those with mental illnesses were treated before much was understood about the human brain, we got a little bummed out. Mental illness went misunderstood for a long time and most methods of treatment were actually torturous. They do showcase a lot of artwork done by patients over the years. We saw some cool works that further humanized the plight of the mentally ill. I know, I know, the whole thing sounds like a bummer trip, but it was quite enlightening and fascinating. We took a few pictures, but I find these two to be most interesting:
The Executive Chef is the highest position in the industry. Their primary function is to manage the food preparation and cooking for a restaurant. Often, an executive chef will be responsible for a chain of restaurants or other food service establishments. Some of the work involved are planning menus, estimating food requirements and costs, and supervising the work of sous-chefs, chefs and cooks, and other kitchen staff. They also take care of the hiring and recruitment of kitchen staff. Depending on the occasion, some executive chefs may cook regularly while others may cook for only for special occasions.
needless to say, it was all cleaned up and everyone survived the diaper bombing.
Anyway, after I handed over the cash, the lady handed me a magical cup of coffee with cocoa and pink glitter decorating the froth. And if there’s one thing you need to know about me, it’s that I love froth. But not as much as I love coffee.
First, conservatism is alive and well in America; don’t let anyone tell you differently. And by conservatism, I don’t mean the warmed-over “raise your hand if you believe …” kind of conservatism we see blooming every election cycle. No, I’m speaking of the conservatism grounded in principles based upon enduring truths: an understanding of the importance of human nature in the affairs of individuals and nations. Respect for the lessons of history, the importance of faith and tradition. The understanding that while man is prone to err, he is capable of great things when not subjugated by a too-powerful government. These are the principles that inspired our Founding Fathers, and resulted in a Constitution that delineated the powers of the central government, established checks and balances among the branches of government and further diffused governmental power by a system of Federalism.
At last we have some sunshine here although there is still a cold wind, never mind I have at last been able to do some gardening and plant some vegetables. Hope you are enjoying your weekend, especially all my blogging friends who are celebrating Mothers Day. In the UK Mothers Day is in March so I have already been spoilt this year!!
determination to make each day a more wonderful day
She recently worked on some gorgeous belly bands to go on menus that I designed. Talk about talent!
King, the University of Mississippi professor, said the effect might be more indirect than direct.
1 fireman
“You just take your time,” Cely said.
Today I'm sore all over. My head is okay, but I have two or three fingers that are sore and aching. My shoulder was wrenched. It's not damaged but just sore. My left knee is sore. My right hip is sore.
5:17 AM: D__: Amen E__,
Happy Valentine's Day sassy friends. Here's hoping that you are enjoying chocolate, flowers and a super dinner away from your kitchen!
And we were so blown away by it that we went into spiritual and emotional overdrive, and in our haste, we got a little lost. But not too badly. Did someone just say something about 'Rock' and 'Salvation'?
We had some "grown-up" business to take care of today which meant very little time for thrifting. We did sneak in one sale and found a couple of fun items.
Anyway, back to the day. At around 8:00 a.m. I was feeling hungry again and was due for a snack so I decided to have an egg on an English muffin because this was in a list of acceptable foods in the eating out guide. I made sure they didn't put any liquid margarine on the muffin. This held me over for a little while and I didn't feel too bad about the decision. But then I was in the room, watching boring video after boring video, positively crashing because I was running off of about four hours of sleep (did I mention I've had approximately ten hours total in the last three days?). I needed something to help me stay awake. And they had brought in a big bowl of candy for us to snack on... I'd been good about resisting, but I finally gave in and had a fun size Twizzler, a fun size Snickers, and a fun size Kit Kat. Stupid me. Felt bad about that decision afterward for sure. But, the sugar rush did make it so I stayed awake.
How did I do it? Social media.
Rake is the only way to earn money for poker rooms and the since like other casino games, casino players the poker players are wagering money against other players and not against the house. Rake can be considered as a small entry taken for organizing the poker games. Today poker online is regarded as a major success stories of internet. Since 2004 rakeback has gained much more popularity and it is the best way of rewarding the players for playing in some of the top poker rooms. rake back poker is the best site that provides the players with best rakeback deals. It is a site which offers top promotions and exclusive tournaments rake races and free rolls. Whether you choose a poker room, full-Tilt poker, ultimate or Betfair this site will give the best percentage of rake and sign up bonuses.
Your image on the glass
And Ladies and Gentlemen...your next Iron Chef is....Clark!
bards
150 Years
Tracy Bach—Professor of Law, Vermont Law School
During the IATEFL Learner Autonomy Pre-Conference Event, I met Robert Moncrief. He is currently doing a PhD investigating people’s ideas regarding and attitudes to obscene/offensive language use in English. For me, this is an interesting area of language, as for some communities it is used a lot, and others avoid it completely, and in most cases it is completely absent from the classroom. If you have a few minutes and want to help him out, could you complete his survey.
Then on May 5th it will be passed on to Mary Jane for new adventures.
Mix well cheese, sugar, whipped topping and
The going with the flow or sitting on the fence.
Unfortunately, the past decade's explosion of self-publishing and small press publishing options has created a similar explosion of opportunistic enterprises designed to exploit writers' struggle for discoverability in an increasingly crowded and chaotic market. One of the challenges of vetting PR services these days is figuring out whether they are real services, or just cynical attempts to cash in on a trend.
Hugz
what did you think, I was full of shit?”
"Well she shouldn't have. The doctor has ordered nothing by mouth, I'm bound to follow his orders, and I've explained why it's detrimental to your health."
1. Stock up on food and drinks. I think a classy event like Nato requires classy food. So I think I will stock up on a few bottles of a nice Malbec from Argentina, various cheeses, flavorful crackers. That should tide us over in case my favorite restaurants and bars have their hands full dealing with various heads of state and accompanying posses.
1 needed
Their marriage certificate was voided in August of 2004 by the California Supreme Court.
This card is for the new sketch at The Outlawz. It has Mimi in the Rain from DeNami Design with one of the Friendly Advice stamps by Inkadinkado. The super bright paper is from Echo Park's Summer Days.
She tells me every day what a great mom I am. It doesn't matter if I'm having a grouchy day, or if I'm having a lazy-don't-want-to-move kind of day. (Trust me, I've had several loser-mom days during the last couple months of this pregnancy!) She always tells me I'm the best. And she never forgets me in her prayers. It makes me feel so loved.
The title of the poem is Inevitabilities...how appropriate, all these years later. We both had a wonderful trip down memory lane. For me, it is another kindred spirit discovered through blogging. What a great way to start the new year. My sister would say 'it is a sign', perhaps it is. I have spent the afternoon searching out and reading those journals...reading myself at 17...37 years later. It has been quite an adventure.
Plenty of research has taken place over the years that says people don’t form relationships with brands, they form relationships with people. Social media accelerates the formation and depth of relationships by enabling quicker communication and sharing amongst their individual networks. If your employees are not allowed to use the social channels in their every day work then they are limiting their marketing effectiveness in this fast changing social world. So, what are you waiting for? Make a plan to pilot social media within your organisation. Enjoy and good luck!
Chandan and Ninad started laughing loudly…
Saint is completely retarded at other dog interaction. As much as I love him so much that I could hug the fur right off his hide, I have to admit that it’s the truth. He won’t play with any other dogs he just lays down and is like,”Duh, Mom what does that dog want from me?” At first it sort of bothered me, but then I remembered that he is with US and ALL our people friends all the time, so he must think he his really a people. The more I think about it, the more I love him for being a dog retard, because before we had him we had a couple mini schnauzers that ONLY wanted each other, and wouldn’t play with US for all the Milkbones in Mississippi. I really wanted doggie people games, but those two weren’t willing to play along. Saint, on the other hand is almost obnoxious with his need for doggie people games. I think I like the fact that we are the center of his universe, it makes me feel like we are all a team.
If you are interested in participating, just leave your link below. But before doing so, be sure to see the guidelines here: 'Made From Scratch' Monday Page
Garnishes:
I also think it's OK to be selfish sometimes. What do I want? When do I want it? What am I going to do about getting it? Initiative starts with an I too, you know. I must take the initiative to write what I want, because I am the only person who cares whether it gets written. All the other things I'm writing right now are for the purpose of satisfying others: my professors, my parents, my fellow students, even my blog readers. If I don't write that group paper, I'm going to feel a lot of heat from my professor and the others in my group. If I don't write that zombie story or that novel or that poem -- who's going to give a flying fuck? Who but me?
Vet's Day Run Haiku's and Limericks:
One of the best things we can do is practice the habits that lead to more happiness – like showing gratitude. When you feel happy and confident, you’re going to be able to take risks, and be able to try to learn new things and feel good about those experiences. And then allow yourself to share the love and gratitude you have with others.
The episode in question concerned the stalking of a family living alone in the American wilds a century or so ago by a mystifying but greatly-feared beast of such rapacious, belligerent, yet elusive nature that it was referred to superstitiously by the local native American people as a devil (a name that, as far as I could recall, also featured in the title of this episode). They also called it by another, more exotic-sounding name, and, as in all the best suspense movies, the creature itself was never seen, until the very end. Instead, the viewer had to be content with savage growls, rustles in the undergrowth, and off-screen activity.
I am definitely impressed with the standard of the music coming out of Germany as it seems to have more passion and life than music we get within the United Kingdom and United States.
Thanks to all who stopped by and offered their opinions, or those who just read in silence. There have been testy debates and moments of enlightenment for blogger and commenters. Which is exactly what I wanted. So again, thanks.
An excited Mahesh Bhatt claims, “ We at Vishesh Film, don’t get excited on budgets and make our films in cost -effective manner, that’s the DNA of our company and our co-producers Viacom 18 Motion Pictures understood the content well and marketed it equally interestingly and effectively , from the music launch at the yacht, to focused promotions of the movie in b -towns and smaller markets, highlighted the fact that they had the same persistence and passion for the film as ours. This marriage between crisp content and brilliant marketing helped us to attain success at the box office of our film.”
The Passat mid-2012 following the convention segment with front-wheel drive and all-independent suspension. Go, however, is a reflex sporty premium-class and serenity which proves that his predecessor was German to the bone. America is rooted in giving greater confidence handling Passatss 2012 but did not pull and trip, according to control.
But those decades were defined by anti-Apartheid. The movement had its fair selection of heads both hot and soft, but even a strong aversion to Desmond Tutu couldn't stir much sympathy for the Vogon Bothas.
Throw a Chinese New Year party for your child and their friends. Make sure to have him or her help you with preparations. It’s a good way to teach some very important lessons. Plus, your child gets to socialize and have fun with friends. The first lesson is about love and harmony. Explain to your child that in doing something for others (like planning fun activities during a gathering for others to enjoy), you’re showing your affection and love.
Hey Peeps,
Oh wait...
Me and my high-school friends had our yearly out-of-country trip last Feb 10-16. Our destination would be Bali, Indonesia but since there are no direct flights from Manila to Bali, we booked flight going to Jakarta, and then stay there for about a day and then go to Bali.
Sweet goodies: cupcake mix (just add milk, egg, butter, oil....what i exactly is in this packet? flour?) cinnamon meringue, chocolate chip cookies (Fair-trade), strawberry- hazelnut chocolates, bar of mocha chocolate.
Dusty couldn't hold a job
Years ago, before the advent of on-line telephone directories and mobile phones Yellow Pages, a UK based telephone directory, ran an advert with an old gentleman wandering around book shops in search of a book on fly fishing. Eventually his daughter hands him the paper copy of the Yellow Pages telephone directory and he rings around until he finds someone that stocks the book. When he gives his name it turns out that its his book that he was searching for.
then, just click save.
These oatmeal things are all over the internet right now, I’ll admit, as gross as it sounds I couldn’t help wondering if it might be good since it’s apparently so popular. So I made one last night, used up all my fresh strawberries in it. I almost harfed. Tastes gross, feels gross…wtf. Do peopel actually enjoy this? Or are they just hopping on the cool wagon.
As I write this post fifty or sixty years later I do so from my room which is coated with bookshelves. You will find no labels stuck inside the front covers and my date stamp ran out of ink decades ago. But I like to think that I still own a little library, a little oasis where I can read my books and gently fall asleep.
And just look at the state of that dining table! I need it for a mini photo shoot on Saturday, I'd better get it tidied up tomorrow, lol.
Hip hip hooray! or When’s it gonna die?
3. Appreciation and new found loyalty for certain businesses. It’s nice to know that there are still companies out their that care about their quality and level of customer service. These companies that use mystery shoppers are making sure they are delivering the best services or goods as possible and ensuring their employees are working up to expectations. I find myself appreciating these companies that use mystery shoppers. Because they go that extra mile to follow up on themselves and care about how their business is run, I actually frequent these places a little more often.
Gunma-ken, 370-2316 Japan
He asks the Italian, "Why didn't you sweep any of it?"
Almerindo Ojeda — Professor of Linguistics
FaceBook Application
But the following fall I entered high school and all would change. I improved my playing, but at the same time, it was clear that the clarinet was decidedly not a sexy instrument. We were listening to "Eight Days a Week" and "White Rabbit" on our .45 rpm records. Moving to saxophone was an option, but really, anyone who was "boss", "bitchin'", or "cool" was studying guitar.
You’re going to forget about it in the morning
Take Shelter
Method #2- Freeze mixture until solid. Take a fork and scrape it over the frozen mixture in a raking-like motion until icy flakes form.
One last thing I want to touch on too is that cancer thrives in an acidic environment. There are test strips you can buy to check your pH level. All body fluids except for stomach and urine are meant to be slightly alkaline. As levels become acidic oxygen is driven out of the cells. Blood must always remain at an alkaline pH 7.4 so that it can retain oxygen. When adequate mineral consumption is in the diet, the blood is supplied the crucial minerals required maintain an alkaline pH of 7.4. However, today most people’s diet is not optimal. With that being said the body will rob other body fluids to keep the blood alkaline. It removes crucial minerals from organs and fluids in the body and this causes the de-mineralized fluids and organs to become acidic and therefore anaerobic, thus including not only cancer, but a host of other degenerative diseases.
Some also imply that the sex is "better", I do not have the personal experience with which to judge that claim, but I strongly suspect that it depends upon what sort of sex you are looking for, and that may bring us closer to an answer.
This time, Danny's a college student as well as a tycoon's playboy son, and Dad (Henry O'Neill) cancels his return to Yale and sends him to his own alma mater "out west" (Cody College, the state unspecified). There, under the eye of Cody's dean (Guy Kibbee), he is the usual fish out of water, smitten with the dean's grandaughter, postmistress Ginger Gray (Judy). (I wonder: was the changing of the heroine's first name a wink to Broadway's original Molly, Ginger Rogers? How could it not be?)
Columbus used on top of the 1-0 guide going into the third. The actual Potential predators reacted with a target coming from Weber One:19 in the 3 rd Jonathon Blum at 6:20 to take a 2-1 lead.
“It should never be a crime to be gay” Mrs Clinton said at the United Nations in Geneva, adding that a country’s cultural or religious traditions was no excuse for discrimination.
Anyway, (totally my favourite word) hopefully I won’t be here for the sequel title.
This week Stampin' Bella provided us with a sketch. I made a square card this week.
In one of the chapters, Sarai discusses how we plan both what we wear and what we decide to make for ourselves. She suggests an exercise of picking out five things that you love to wear and why - which in turn, may give you clues on how to build a wardrobe around the qualities that are important to you. I found both Tasia's and Karen's choices really interesting, but I was also very intrigued to read comments from their readers. It's amazing how much of your personality and essence readers can glean from your blog: how you dress and how you write and what it says about you. So, completely jumping on the bandwagon, here are my five choices.
The cumulative effect, I feel, is that this series has become a ghost—a puppet thinly and inexpertly animated by a lesser spirit than Jordan’s. Is Sanderson a bad author? Not at all. But he is unavoidably compared to a genius, and the final effect is as if the architect of a cathedral supervised the building of the lower levels with all their elegant and well crafted arches, but left his building to be completed by a follower who, while respecting the original vision, lacked the care, investment, passion, and know-how to complete the job as it deserves. Oh, the cathedral will have a roof, the job will be completed, but all who look upon it will behold the lower beauty and wonder at the lesser heights.
First had this puppy at the Texas Beer Fest (not the Houston Beer Fest), and I enjoyed it. Now let's see if this thing can taste just as good when I'm not in a rodeo arena in Humble on my 14th 2-ounce beer. Aw that nose is awesome. Big piney hops with a huge caramel malt. Perfect pour in my Circle Brewing pint glass, with a huge white head. Beer is unbelievable at the beginning with a huge caramel malt and massive piney/lemon hops. The middle of the slug has something like a slight metallic, and there is a big ick hop flavor on the aftertaste. A pinch more cloying than I would want, but hey, that's Double IPA for ya. Need some food.
In fact the movie does not cover much after the US and NATO arrival in 2001.
Giorgio Vigna
Kylie Whitehead, of PFC Auctions, said: “We believe that this is the first piece of William and Kate’s wedding cake to appear at auction.
Informational session: An informational session consisting of several presentations and discussion will be held from 2 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. May 25 in Mass Media and Technology Hall Auditorium. During this informational session, several topics will be discussed, including the history of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the composition and breakup of the former Yugoslavia, the war and genocide in Bosnia between 1992 and 1995, Islam and Culture in Bosnia, and contemporary Bosnian life in America.
I've wanted to use pinwheels as an embellishment on one of my pages forever. The pinwheel journaling sticker from the Celebrate Life kit inspired me to give it a try. I googled pinwheel tutorials and they have tons of videos available on YouTube. It's easier than you think!
HOLY CRAP!!!!! I suck at this lately! Soooo much has happened. I thought I had better get a move on catching everyone up before I forget the good stuff. The biggest thing is this last week Gary quit his job and started his own firm...Keller, Lapuma and Woodard...sorry if that isn't right, I am trying to hurry.. So it has been crazy and exciting. He is going to do great and I am mostly excited.
The last excuse I’ll claim, I was a boy who loved a woman like a little girl
$240 can help provide transportation for twelve women in need of treatment
I love joining in with the Make My Monday challenge and never miss it if I can help it. In fact there's no chance of me missing it during May as the lovely ladies have asked me to guest for the month! May's Floral theme continues with a fabulous new challenge this week: Any Flower with Music. It sounds fun doesn't it - why not join in yourself?!
make are cards and mini-scrapbooks and have recently started art
Andrew Barr is the first openly gay Member of the ACT Legislative Assembly and the first to serve as a Minister in an Australian Government. He is currently Deputy Chief Minister and Treasurer of the ACT. His partner, Andrew Toms, works in the rag trade.
What am I trying to relay? I am a stronger person because, I have never had any reason to await anyone’s giving so that, I have it. If I want it, I work to have it. I own it. No one tells me how to use it or orders me around on it.
I then owned a successful driving school franchise for a number of years.
I was admitted to the hospital on the 18th of May. The morning of the 25th, I found out I was going to have to deliver three full months early as a result of pre-eclampsia. I was unaware at the time of the ramifications of this...like the fact that it was likely he wasn't going to make it and that the road ahead was long and steep. I just knew I was scared. At 2am on the 26th, my friend Maren walked into my hospital room. Why, you ask, would this make me happy? Well, she bought a ticket that morning right rafter she heard my news and just left her husband and two little ones and hopped on a plane from Oregon that night to come sit by my side. For a week. Not just anyone could have done that. Maren has a skill set that was especially helpful; she is a neonatology nurse. She answered my questions and helped me know what to look for. She asked the nurses questions and told me what questions to ask. She told me when to be nervous and when to relax, and helped me prioritize my concerns. She explained the monitors and alarms and needles and wires and tests and vocab. She bought the nurses chocolate. She washed my pump equipment at 11, 1, 4, and 7 so I didn't have to get out of bed. She and my sister made me freezer dinners, did my laundry, and held my hand. They kept me sane those first days and weeks.
At first glance the most obvious difference is the newly rendered Enterprise, which replaces all of the model shots used in the Original Series. Every one of the fly-bys has been replaced and because the ‘models’ are CGI the dynamic camera movements can show the ship from different angles and with specially rendered scenes for each episode rather than repeating the same generic stock footage like in the old days.
Your plot needs some work here. Also, who's the antagonist?
Last August, dozens of activists from 73 organizations met to plan large protests and marches when NATO arrives. United National Antiwar Coalition (UNAC) coordinator Joe Lombado said “(t)he entire world will be watching us.”
Utterly fabulous.
"If you learn to be really fast, David, then maybe some day you will have lights of your own."
Chrystal, “But sometimes you do need to evaluate your intuition about someone or something. God may be trying to warn you of a potentially dangerous situation – called discernment.”
She is now are faithful and loved companion dog.
g) Almost done! Cut the other end (opposite of the seam you just made)...you can decide how long you want your baggie to be...I cut mine at 6 1/2 inches so that my finished baggie would be 6 inches long (with 1/4 seam allowances on either side). Line up these edges and sew seam shut! Voila..your lovely little inside out baggie!
Yes, I do. Often, in fact. I wouldn't have any problem with her getting her picture taken for say, print ads. I mean, dressing up and posing for pictures are two of her favorite things in life. But I don't have the time to schlep her around to auditions and such.
Today is the last day of March, which means it will be a busy day. The last and the first days of the month always are. I have lots of little things I have to attend to today. Hopefully by this evening, that will include a shop update with all of these pretties Ive been teasing you with this past week!
I'm not really into 'scary' movies. I did, however, want to see this one for the selfish reason of ogling David Tennant in leather. I couldn't find anyone to go with me, and when I passed the cinema on my way home from shopping it started to rain and I mean rain. It was a sign. I went in and watched it by myself, and ended up really enjoying it. Anton Yelchin is so adorable, and a good actor. The story was predictable, but tolerable and the comic relief actually had me laughing out loud at times.
Now this is not a boyfriend, this is not a lover, this is just a friend.
What determines whether the US Empire will have a collaborative or conflict-ridden relation with Islam depends on the specific political context. The US allies with Islamists when faced with nationalist, leftist and secular democratic regimes and movements, especially where their optimal choice, a military-neo-liberal alternative is relatively weak. However, faced with a nationalist, anti-colonial Islamist regime (as is the case of the Islamic Republic of Iran), Washington will side with pro-western liberals, dissident Muslim clerics, pliable tribal chiefs, separatist ethnic minorities and pro-Western generals.”
There are many ways of cooking this wonderful Indonesian healthy food made from soya beans. Tempeh can be cut into thin slices and fried in batter just like ubi goreng (fried sweet potato). The crispy tempeh can be eaten plain or with spicy chilly sauce. Alternatively it can also be part of your regular dishes to be eaten with rice.
Brewed: 03-17-2009
Last time I was in Portland, the Cascade Brewing Barrel House was a couple of weeks away from opening, so this time I made sure to visit. It's just a ten-minute walk from HOTD. This is the place for aged sour beers; they had many types to try -- some aged 12. 16, or 24+ months.
But you know, as far as the cities go – in a lot of ways, I’ll always be more connected to Nashville and Murfreesboro and Middle Tennessee than I ever have been to Memphis, even though I was born here and have a long history here and strong connections here, including having had strong family connections here. And probably more than I ever will be to Knoxville. Don’t really have any to Chattanooga, other than a family member living there for a while who no longer does.
That first descent into Swansea stirred my Manichean soul, for the town is bisected by two axes (NB "Welshisms" will steadily creep into my copy. There's a prize for the reader who spots them all. For an explanation, follow this link from Madame Boyo).
As I sat reading the comments, I had one very simple reaction:
Tina spends much of the picture pining away for the love she lost, though she never really had it. Her efforts to help the stricken Gretchen eventually collide with Dennis’ romantic overtures, though whether it is her, Gretchen, or the combination of her looks and Gretchen’s wealth he’s really interested in, is unclear, at least to Tina. Much is unclear to Tina. What’s clear to us is that Tina’s dilemma—easily solved if even one character chose to be candid—seemed boring even to Goodrich and Marion.
It really was a great camp ground - I wasn't expecting any amenities at all but there was a mens/ladies toilet block with proper flushing toilets and hot shower...
As I made this offer I realised that perhps this time around it would be better off to take my solicitor/barrister with me and I made the following proposal to Mr Zia: That I would come down to the station with my solicitor just as soon as I could find out what time he was available. This was agreeable to Mr Zia and he commented that it was very advisable to have my solicitor with me.
Today I decided to start with some sort of pocket for the bedroom TV remote and my nook. You can see I have a dresser right beside my bed. I wanted something that would cover the top of the dresser and have pockets in the side. My goal is to NOT buy anything, to use fabrics I already have. So this fabric was in my stash, I have a lot of it, not sure why...must have been on sale at some point. I didn't want to use any of my nice quilt batting, so I decided to use a piece of an old blanket I was going to throw out.
The core of "Agenda 2010" was a welfare reform that took a page from Bill Clinton's "workfare" legislation. Unemployment benefits were limited to 12 months. After that, the able-bodied would have to make do with a bare minimum. The basic idea was to get people off unemployment benefits by making them look for work.
I am a wife, daughter, aunt, and friend. Photographer by day....dreamer by night. My husband gets to hear all about my crazy dreams and he thinks I need to record and share them. I thought what better way to do that than to blog. I keep my journal by my bed and then attempt to make sense of them later. Like any dreamer some can be remembered like it happened in real life while others make sense in our heads but is hard to put the story into human words.
and recollections are included from the band members,
One of the chapters is inspired directly by this song. Its blend of sweetness, melancholy, and irreverent good humor is perfect.
Then there's the whole shipping ordeal - I have heard of people getting ripped off if they don't spend the extra for insurance/confirmation of delivery. So then I wonder if it's even worse the hassle of trying to sell stuff? Any selling advice for me? I do need to make some room - not really for new items, more so that I can just move in my room LOL!
Have you heard other ones that I missed?
How to hold it all together when all I want to do is crawl under the covers and not come out.
Instead, David tells us:
Like the Geek Squad, Jake too was attending the event. Jake however was also presenting at the congress. With me he shared the story he’d be sharing the next day, the story of the lasting legacy of residential schools in the North. Jake paused, asked me if I understood about residential schools. It was important to Jake that I understood. He shared that what many people fail to understand, that when residential schools were closed, and in the north that wasn’t too long ago, there were few if any financial or educational supports in place for First Nations people. He shared about the results the lack of supports have had on his community. He shared about the challenges, specifically access to educational services and systemic racism, which continue to affect First Nations people, his home community, his family and him.
Wow. Freedom.
Please leave a comment by scrolling down and clicking on comments!
Oh my blog, how I have missed you! I started this blog because I love food and I love to write. Somewhere along the way, I lost my focus. My blog started to feel like a burden. I felt I had to compete with all of the other food blogs who took way better pictures and devoted so much time researching the backgrounds of foods and experimenting with kitchen techniques I could never compete with. I started gaining weight and felt like a fraud writing about the French way of eating. I felt I needed to update everyday with new recipes, yet my health and waistline were not happy with all of that food. I needed to take a step back from my blog for a while.
Once more we have another wonderful taste of the cream of the entries to our Sketch challenge!
Comparing everyone’s home life, Wally definitely has the most normal of the group and as such is one of the most relatable of the cast. Add monologues to the mix and you essentially have the DC equivalent of a Spider-Man episode… which isn’t a bad thing.
I’d never heard of Melvin Burgess, Siobhan Dowd or Kevin Brooks. I’d no idea that bookshops had sections marked ‘Teen’, ‘Young Adult’ or even ‘Dark Romance’. I was the opposite of everything you’re told to be - savvy, well-read, aware of the competition and the marketplace.
Sometimes I borrow half a dozen movies from the library spend Friday night kicking off a weekend of watching them all. Other times I borrow half a dozen movies and decide to ignore them and not watch any at all! I spend many a Friday night catching up on DVR-ed TV shows, reading chapters upon chapters of books, or playing Tetris until my thumbs are sore. Other Friday nights I take a bubble bath, paint my toenails, or putter around the house with beauty potions and pastes on my skin and in my hair.
Fenugreek seeds are used as a herb in Traditional Chinese Medicine which warms and tonifies kidneys, disperses cold and alleviates pain.
Xypherous: And you did well. But it is not enough.
Axe Save $1/1 Shower Gel or Detailer ets (4/22)
*I made dinner for 12 on Saturday night.
with UBINIG of Bangladesh
First they (the investment banks) took money from the investors on the false pretenses that the bonds were real when anyone with 6 months experience on Wall street could tell you this was not a bond for lots of reasons, the most basic of which was that there was no borrower. The prospectus had no loans because there were no loans made yet. The banks certainly wouldn’ t take the risks posed by this toxic heap of loans, so they were waiting for the investors to get conned. Once they had the money then they figured out how to keep as much of it as possible before even looking for residential home borrowers.
5. Have fun!
Wild Wargs. Warg Cavalry - S 25cm – F d8 – D d6 – A 1 – M d4 – W 6 – P 8 – Special: Scout, Charge!
Chase and I have been running around putting things away this morning when I passed by my craft room and much to my amazement, it actually looks.... normal. Especially the closet! I got super lucky and have a large walk in closet - perfect for all my stuff! I'll be changing out some of the wire baskets for closed boxes and I still need to thin out my paper collection but I'll get there. Probably not this week but sometime soon I hope! I've also decided I'm in desperate need of a sewing table!
So here you are flying—it’s very sudden—
So, now I have this internal struggle that I hate having. On one hand, I believe that I'm beautiful just as I am and fuck you if you don't think so. On the other hand, I'm in crap shape, and at 35, I'm not getting any younger. The older I get the harder it will be to lose the excess baggage, and I know deep in my heart of hearts that I need to get healthier.
“But I want to, Mol'. You know how my mum's been--”
The article's premise is based on a piece of junk research done by Nielsen (on Apple's behalf) that purports to demonstrate that...
(Note that these clips will automatically roll into others from the episode after a small delay. As I don’t know how to prevent that, you’ll have to pause them when they’re done.)
This will be difficult, I'm sure. At this point, I'm willing to make some sacrifices to really get my health in order and to start feeling better! Hopefully, this will even help with my headaches (by getting rid of all of those nasty toxins), at the end of this journey. I'm hoping to loose a little weight during this challenge but that is not my main reason. I truly want to be healthy, to rid my body of toxins, help boost my metabolism and hopefully I will exchange bad habits for good ones!
Ok, so that didn't happen to you, but it did to me, and it's a good thing I was only halfway finished with my first beer or my head might have exploded. Of course, it could have happened to you had you been at Wild Goose Creative on Friday evening for the party marking the release of Max Ink's latest comic, Blink: Wonka Wonka Kochalka. The event capped a month during which the original art from WWK had been on display at Wild Goose.
Thank you, Brianna.
Antisocial is a beautiful blue jelly packed with silver and blue microglitter and various sizes of blue, silver, and gold round and hex glitter. My description may be off, this is just based off of what I can see. I'm so glad I was able to get this, I absolutely adore it!!!
According to the U.S. Census, there is only one Barack Obama - but 27 Social Security numbers and over 80 aliases.
80% of the water pumped underground generally remains underground. The rest must be disposed of. While perhaps up to 8% may get pumped underground again in this fashion leaving 12% in the form of the most polluted produced water to be otherwise disposed of.
Allison played for the Washington Senators/Minnesota Twins from 1958-70. He hit 256 career home runs, was a three-time All Star and was named 1959 AL Rookie of the Year.
I just don't understand how anyone can go through the psychological classes, all the testing, and the surgery (including the pain afterwards), basically being on a liquid to soft food diet for almost two months and spend almost $30k (depending on your insurance coverage) and not at least make an attempt to follow-up on everything you've just gone through. It's one thing to go on a diet and maybe not follow through with that...this is something completely different. I understand that the surgery is just a tool to help you, but it's a MAJOR life-changing tool!
I found his grave, years later, searching online. Some memorial website. It was weird looking at an old tombstone for someone you still, subconsciously, very much thought of as young and alive. I also found a newspaper article about the killing. This is based on what happened.
This weekend isn’t all about the dancing, though. It is a chance when all the dancers, teachers, family and friends are together in one place, which can only mean one thing: we show off. We want to out-do everyone else, in our choreography, results, and especially the way we look. It’s a weekend full of fashion statements, both on and off the stage, and it is in this way that it is unlike any other weekend.
different times. I keep one in the normal carrier (for use when I'm running the chest carrier), one in my plate carrier, and one in my ruck. While I've heard rumors of Camelbacks exploding and sending water down some forlorn GIs back, I've never experienced or witnessed it (although, I have seen lesser brands suffer from this). I've been carrying a Camelback since the mid-1990s, even before they were officially authorized for use in the Ranger Regiment. I've jumped them during airborne operations, fast-roped out of helicopters with them, and thrown them out of the backs of trucks and Humvees. I've NEVER seen one burst (the sad reality is, the only drawback I've ever suffered with Camelbacks is my propensity to fill the bladder with Kool-Aid or Gatorade, and forget about it so long the shit goes bad, and I play hell getting them clean on the inside of the tube).
Sing-
Well Jesus does of course and then the usual suspects husband, mom and dad and dogs and brothers and sisters. Friends and their children and so on and so on
Immorality: Sexual contact outside the bounds of marriage. (Note: Should not be applied to nonsexual behavior or conditions, such as poverty, suffering, or dishonesty. Once again, does not apply to Joseph Smith.)
In order to help fill the group break, I've paired up a bunch of the "lesser" teams into themed slots. Hopefully that will work out to make each price "fair" for all participants! All but the Pinnacle box offer the chance at some nice autographs and/or relics, not to mention serially numbered cards and plenty of unique inserts!
The tag was just an ordinary white luggage label I'd bought from Tesco so I'm not sure that the card quality was ideal but I'm happy with my first time results. Three different colours of ink were used to colour the tag, which I can't remember the names of, before using Black Stazon ink to stamp the Inkadinkado Lady across the middle. To add some sparkle I sprayed it with Turquoise Blue Glimmer Mist. I'd liked how the colours had worked and when I got home decided to finish off the tag. On the top right and bottom left corners the Hero Arts Stamp Style is Eternal was stamped to continue the script from the Inkadinkado stamp plus I felt it complimented the image. In the other corners I decided to add some pattern as a contrast and sponged ink through a cardboard mask I'd made using a paper punch to make spots. I now feel this is a step I could have missed out.
***Regular Litewraps are made with a very thick PUL that cracks and breaks down quickly, even with the utmost care. The aplix isn't very strong either.
We were the Church Choir, so no answer was necessary. For a year we had praised the Lord out of key, and as a reward for this service - on top of the Outing - we now had the right to visit all the big houses, to sing our carols and collect our tribute.
The iPhone app, Nike+GPS, joined me as always, but I didn’t set any time or distance goals, seeing as I wasn’t sure of the distance of the trail and I didn’t want the “pressure” of completing the set goal tonight. I just wanted to run and did I ever try! Slowing many times along the ups and downs of the dusty trail contributed to my overall pace being slower than usual. On the flip side, however, I jogged the majority of 6.17Km at a pace of 8’36<U+2033>/km with a total time of 53min 8sec; not too terrible for all the hills and my screaming calves. The funny thing was, I was so focused on my stride, foot strike, posture, breathing, the music, scenery, surroundings and attempting to run through the burn, I barely kept track of how many times I actually slowed the pace to give my legs a break. I know it was quite a many times, but never for more than a minute before I bumped up to a light jog again.
Obuolio skiltelé (Garnish with Apple Slices)
According to the press release, he'll be recording core repertoire: Beethoven sonatas, the Brahms concerto and the complete solo Bach. Above, Leonidas (right) with Decca's MD, Paul Moseley.
The South African government has put a hold on administering fracking licenses until a more comprehensive study has been completed, which could be by the end of March.
How sweet is that? If you're married, what was your proposal story?
The story is in charge.
Noteworthy: 5 starts at the end of the year after Tommy John surgery looked like he never left. 1.50 ERA and 0.708 WHIP
Part of the reason I’ve grown OK with discussing the fact that it’s taken me far longer than I would prefer to remove both names from my life is that I know most people have been there. And if we can’t discuss how absolutely annoying it is to want to be over someone and not quite be there amongst reading family, then when can we? Right?
See you next week, hopefully with some creative takes on these items.....
Smart phone
As far as my Statistics exam…..Lets just call it a learning experience. I just want it graded and given back so I can go over the holes……Today seems to have a theme (crappy paper, crappy exam). I don’t even want a do-over on this one. I just want to go to sleep.
My hexie is going along slowly, but I knew that would be a long project perfect for every now and then. I've had to unpick the stripy red hexies as it turned out I didn't have enough fabric. Must remind myself to check supplies first next time. Mind you it gave me the ideal excuse to pick up a few more bits for my stash while I was out mooching.
“Let the morning bring me word of Your unfailing love, for I have put my trust in You. Show me the way I should go, for to You I lift up my soul.” – Psalm 143:8
We have all, at some point in life, related with the first mother. But it is not where we should stay. If we are not defined as women as God's word lays out for us. We are wasting our lives. And any fulfillment we reap, will not be eternal. Being a woman of God, is a beautiful thing. Being a momma at home, is a glorious thing!!! Every small job means something!! But you must look to the Lord to define what that looks like. And when you do, you will experience joy unspeakable and full of glory!!!
Postdoctoral Research Scientist
By Sunday I had Googled and read everything I could, planned routes, dates and decided I had to do it, don' t know why I just had to, I even ordered my guide book. The 8th Edition John Breirley pilgrim guide
Bedankt weer voor het bezoekje en oh.... vergeet geen commentaartje voor me achter te laten.
Best part?
‘“One moment’s time might I presume to beg?”
Support documentation TeAL supplied includes sample text that programme teams can adapt.
And we’re back with the results of Indieful ROK’s “I Am a Singer” Indie Daydream Reader’s Choice Poll!
The United States scored just 29 out of 100 on the effectiveness of its party financing regulations and 25 out of 100 in its ability to effectively regulate contributions made to individual political candidates. Those scores represent a significant decrease from 2009, the last year Global Integrity covered the US, and reflect the negative impact of the "Citizens United" Supreme Court decision in early-2010 that loosened the controls over private money flowing into US elections. Despite that backsliding, the US remains at the head of the pack when it comes to the disclosure of political finance information to the public (94 out of 100).
Egad. Hawaii Five-O is a CURRENT television show. It's one thing to get clearance for an old show. There's no way a television company is going to let you use characters from a current show. They've simply got too much money at stake. They get no benefit from letting you do it, and run the risk of you damaging their (intellectual) property.
April searches Ella’s face.
She is dressed each morning
She watches, inanimate and pale, her breath forming ice blossoms on the window.
If we were talking to other realities or other realms, we might use different classifications—and we certainly do sometimes amongst ourselves. And we do not differentiate, and we would not wish you to differentiate, between what you think of as classes, or choirs, orders of the angelic realm, because there is back and forth.
I pray our family never sells Beech Haven. After the boundless childhood I experienced, I feel cramped living on a one-third-acre lot and long for a place where my children can roam freely, like I did. Beech Haven remains the foundation upon which my appreciation for family heritage, homegrown food and environmental preservation developed. So much of it still flows through my veins. I hear it when the cicadas sing. I smell it when the magnolias bloom. I taste it when I bite into a fig or sweet pickle. I feel it when I wade through a cool creek.
What this allows the race engineers to do is shift the ‘ride height curve’ down the map for a lower initial (static) ride height. Knowing that the splitter will not ground in the end of straight condition. Therefore with the unstalled wing having a lower ride height, more downforce can be generated. When the wing is stalled the lack of downforce is less consequential as the car is on the straight. Plus there may still be the small boost in top speed from the lack of induced drag from the stalled wing.
"I could not believe the audacity of this guy. I detained him after that
Nevertheless, I felt no discomfort when reading Julian of Norwich’s Showings. Perhaps that is because it was not my first reading of her revelations using such prevalent maternal language and imagery when referring to God and especially to Jesus. Or perhaps I was not uncomfortable because she is not agenda-driven in her writing. Though Julian often refers to Jesus as our Mother, she continues to refer to him as “he” and just as often pairs the parental reference as God our Father and God our Mother.
He held a job, raised a family and quietly went his way, and the world won't note his passing, 'tho a Veteran died today.
In the next segment, we will look at the importance of naval intelligence during the US Civil War.
There really isn't a recipe, because seriously - use your imagination and do whatever you want with it! Switch the sauce from plain marinara, try different cheeses, put unique toppings - be inventive!
<U+2605><U+2605><U+2605> #1 TYPOGRAPHIC ART APP ON THE ANDROID MARKET <U+2605><U+2605><U+2605>
seriously disturbed over the
So... I've googled pictures of wolves as if they are jumping down onto the ground off something. I will have them on my lower back, opposite of each other, one white and one black. Here are the pics I like:
Beef Bourguignon. I have a love of French cuisine. It may stem from the fact that I visited Paris (and the surrounding cities/towns) for nine days my junior year in school and had some of the best food I’ve ever eaten while I was there (their fries are REALLY good. I can’t emphasize that enough). This recipe, although it is spring and warmer days are looming, looks like it will be a great try on the off-chance we get another cool evening.
It’s crowded here in church today
49. Yellowbirds - The Color
two houses and two sets
In fact, depending on which story she happened to be telling, the accuser claimed that either one or two of her alleged attackers ejaculated.
ok, so none of those pictures had anything to do with "big changes" - but they needed a place on this blog so I just threw them in there.
Surely the UN doesn’t expect the world to believe rebels are picking their bomb-making materials and Kalashnikovs from Syria’s cypress trees – and knows full well such weapons, training, and cash are flowing over the borders, admittedly from the US-led “Friends of Syria” cadre to support what is now clearly a terrorist campaign in direct violation of the UN’s own “peace deal.”
You want to know why I hunt?
Catchy name for an insulation company.
You may wonder, as I have, “What kind of theology is this? Is it actually good to be afflicted?”
In the mean time, how about a little inspiration...
Anyway, then we had the exam. Before the exam I saw Chris with Lottie again. They hugged, but I assumed it was just a ‘good-luck-hug.’ After the exam I walked with them to the Carfax to get the exam. They were being unnaturally close. He was putting his coat on her when it was raining (cos it rained for 2 minutes), and had his arm around her the whole time, which was a little awkward for me. On the bus I sat next to Parker (until he got off at Manning’s Heath), and Sybie was on the seat next to us. Although we did talk as a group, Lottie was mainly talking to Chris, and sat next to him after Cowfold. I chatted to Sybie, about the Geology exam, how she had apparently failed her theory driving exam, and, in a whispered conversation, about what we thought was going on with Chris and Lottie. She had the same suspicions as me. She had heard that Chris and Phoebe had broken up, but I want some more solid evidence, like Facebook for example ;)
handen
On the last day, the alumni were joined by local leadership from the Ismaili community for a panel discussion entitled Interfaith versus Intra-faith Dialogue in Muslim, Christian and Jewish Communities. The Reverend Dr Karen Hamilton (General Secretary of the Canadian Council of Churches), Dr Nargis Virani (IIS Alumna and Assistant Professor of Arabic and Islamic Studies at the New School, USA), and Dr Barry Levy (Former Dean of Religious Studies, McGill University, Canada) spoke about their experiences of engaging in both interfaith and intra-faith dialogue.
As an aside, the New York Times manages to demonstrate its bias by directly implying that “genuine equality” only exists if boardrooms have equal numbers of men and women.
Rosenfeld writes: “42 years ago, National Guardsman opened fire on anti-Vietnam protesters at Ohio’s Kent State University, killing four students. Ten days later, Mississippi police fired on civil rights protesters taking refuge in a women’s dormitory at Jackson State University and killed two more students.”
Consumer and Print Media Changes
One year for Lent, I decided that rather than giving up something, I would find a way to improve my life (and the lives of others) during those 40 days and 40 nights. It started with my grandparents. All of my grandparents lived in Ohio, so they lived about four hours away from our family. They were all very important to me (Lola, John (who my son is named after), Edna (or Nanny as she preferred to be called) and Trav) and I realized that even with the distance, I could build a stronger relationship to them during Lent by starting a letter writing campaign. I decided to write to all of them every week during Lent and it felt good to connect with them in a note beyond the typical thank-you note: I was writing something deeper about how they impacted my life and why they were important to me.
* Removal of the rural commando
I love this book because it's a children's book that doesn't read like one. Yes, Carroll wrote it for a 7 year old girl (who starts as the main character), but Alice goes through some seriously traumatic experiences that take on a whole new perspective when an adult reads it. Some of the characters and places she encounters are outright nightmarish (and no, contrary to popular belief, there is no evidence to suggest that Carroll was a drug addict). Alice is also constantly pressured to identify herself, but she can't. She thinks she knows who she is, but quickly learns that she doesn't, and it's absolutely frustrating and terrifying to navigate an unfamiliar world. Eventually she is forced to figure it out and find her way... aren't we all?
Our challenge for you is to make a card for Mom or that special lady in your life. Mother's Day is right around the corner here and I thought it would be fun to get a head start on Mother's Day cards.
So I’ve been reading Michael J Sullivan’s novel Theft of Swords in between epic bouts of pre-semester preparation and a titanic move that seems endless. The story is passably engaging, the characters fairly familiar takes on the same old tropes, and has a few winning moments. I’m not sure if I’ll be reading any further in the series after this one, but it has got me thinking about a particularly onerous and prickly aspect of writing science fiction and fantasy–exposition.
A moment of life springs forth...a young mother carrying her firstborn child.
2. Van Dyke Parks - Bing Crosby
The next few days I am going to have sports on in the store. The Blue Jays season opener is tomorrow afternoon and this weekend is the Masters. I gave myself permission to start Tiny Tea Leaves so that I have easy knitting while watching.
Several years ago as network television was losing viewers to cable and the internet, one commentator lamented the loss of moments of collective consciousness that had been created by television shows like The Cosby Show, Friends, and the X-Files. According to this commentator the large audiences these shows commanded enabled a series of ideas and topics to filter into society-at-large, weaving threads of common knowledge into a broad and diverse population. Without these shows, he wondered, would we lose these collective moments, would the quilt of society become just a collection of fabric scraps?
We have higher income but lower morale.
COCKPUNCH
To my knowledge, no bacterial contamination occurred in this barrel-aged release, though it is entirely possible. That is part of the adventure in barrel aging beer is the unknown variables. We keep close watch on our barrel aged beers, opening them briefly only once a month to let out excess carbon dioxide, and to monitor its maturation. The tartness in this particular barrel absolutely comes from the deep, complex port wine that was aged in the barrel previously, and has a more rounded edge than would be created by lactic-acid producing bacteria in such a short amount of time. In order for lactic acid producing bacteria (typically L.Delbrueckii and Pediococcus sp.) to develop roundness and complexity, it takes at least a year, a higher pH, and typically lower alcohol than our 9.4% abv Belgian inspired brew. Though I am not ruling it out entirely, I am not calling this a sour beer, and being extremely familiar with lactic-acid (we sour mash our bourbon at Ranger Creek, and lactic-acid has a very distinct tartness more akin to citric acid/lemony flavor), my guess is that it is the port's acidity we are detecting. I do love a good sour ale, and I love the beautiful critters vehemently feared by wine makers, and we have some of those working with us in the brewery now, producing what we hope to be even more complex barrel-aged ales that we will be releasing when they reach maturation.
the word is soft on the senses
“Pints for Prostates is an awareness campaign designed to reach men through the universal language of beer. We want to communicate with them in a friendly and non-threatening way about the need for regular PSA testing,” says Rick Lyke, a 47-year-old Charlotte, N.C., marketing executive and drinks journalist who was diagnosed with prostate cancer in February. “Early detection is the key to fighting prostate cancer and a PSA test and a physical exam are the best method to catch it early.”
My mother who is very calm, collected, spiritually centered, and conscious of her role in the global family routinely watches suspense and horror movies. I always thought it was sort of odd and incongruous with what she projects to the world. I asked her about it one time and she said that she found it comforting to watch situations where people's lives are infinitely worse than hers. Her comment stuck with me.
Vera xo
- Oh yes - hundreds. I can still hear the squeak of my snowsuit pressing out the shape in the snow.
WebSite: www.PixieVacations.com
Fold half the egg whites into the egg yolk mixture.
This is so much of a staple that we also see South Bucks District Council adopting it, extending the charging period for its car parks and increasing the minimum charge from half an hour to an hour.
Magick and Kabbalah teach you the practical skills to be able to understand the structure and mechanics of Nature, and how to harmonize yourself and live within them in strength and harmony.
This morning I also made the most unattractive batch of pancakes ever. A license plate for Ben, an Atlantis key for Josiah, a kitty for Gabriella and a KT + LT for Kevin. Sweet, but ugly. I did the usual squirt style to make the shapes but added blue food coloring for the contrast to one of the bottles. It made a sickly blue-green color that food should not be made.
Let's start the session. Now what would a shrink ask me if I were in one's office? I think the first question would be "What upsets you?" My answer: My f****** thesis!
It's time to state some findings and conclusions:
We thanked Tony, exchanged numbers with the boys and went out to the cars. One more laugh about what had taken place that day and how great it turned out to be, One more big thanks for a great time and a “Come over any time guys” from Tony. And with that, our Monday Adventure had come to an end.
And if I had a choice from their past Rocco colours, I would love the tan or the grey! Too bad not even eBay sells them (I had a look just today).
GK: Steve, LB: Dan Allen, CB: Kev Willsher (Paul Dyke), CB: Sam Hewitt, RB: Mark Reeves, LM: Sam Schwodler, CM: Mark Sanderson, CM: Martyn Barnett, CM: Ali Ingram, (Lee Fielder) RM: Chris Pye, CF: Ben Rowe
She stuck out her chest and huffed. “I'm Jen, you pooh.”
So as I said in my goodreads review, I'd give the book a 2 out of 5 stars, and the sex a 5! If your curious, read it. Honestly there are just too many good books out there to give too much time to this kind of fiction, in my opinion.
Unlike the other cards in this round, I happen to really like the design of the Fleer Focus set. I must be in the minority though because Focus didn't last all that long as a set if I recall correctly. Even so, the little baseball cap on the front and the giant faded team logo on the back make for a nice looking card. Of the four cards in this round, I'd probably cast my vote for the Focus card...but that doesn't matter (except in the case of tie-breakers) as this is a vote determined entirely by my readers!
Boston, MA
Set rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350-degrees F (if it's not already at this temp).
Lily, the Petit Basset Griffon Vendeen, has been getting some idea what it must be like to be a Grand Bassett Griffon Vendeen.
He added: ‘The Ministry of Interior took this situation very seriously and received an approval from the Ministry of Education to set a plan under my full supervision and to allow us to enter schools in the capital.’
What You Should Know About an HDMI Splitter
Yes, we’re going to lil’ swim class. I’m so excited because she absolutely loves taking baths. Did you take lessons as a baby/kid? I know I took lessons when I was 5-6 years old. I know I’ve mentioned several times that I am a terrible swimmer. I mean, I can swim to save my life but that’s about it. I really would like to take lessons though because it really is a great form of exercise. Oh wait, I’d need a gym membership though. I guess I can do without it.
I wonder if my love of math and arts come from you.
Wow Embossing Powders Suzy West Earthtone Honey
Take a look at the pics in the next post to see how pretty it looked (cleaned up!)
113 The Aloof Wish You Were Here... (Postcards From the Edge Mix by Ashley Beedle)
(Gerardo is watching the conversation.)
Our spirits most fervent we place in Thy care.
Raytown EMS will be hosting the Community Blood Center’s Blood Drive at the EMS Station on May 23rd from 3:00 to 6:00pm. You may sign up either online at savealifenow.org and use raytownems as the password or contact Kim (737-6030) to schedule an appointment or for any questions. Walk-ins are also welcomed. All persons who attend the blood drive and attempt to donate blood will receive a voucher for "buy one get one free" ticket to Schlitterbahn Water Park.
Last night I had a couple of hours so I headed for the lower studio (aka the basement) to have a little art therapy. I finished up an Art Journal page that will be posted on Monday and made a couple of cards. Too many things on the go right now is cutting into my "art time" but I make the best of it when I can.
A whole new worthwhile, now life sits in her belly and spins around daily,
On top of this I drank nearly 5l (!) of water. I felt thirsty pretty much all the time and was sipping water all through the day. I even googled how much water is too much as I was concerned I might be going over the top, but apparently it’s not a big deal when spread over the day and there’s also intake of salt and minerals. Good to know!
The most interesting thing happened to me Saturday night, my friends. An invisible and ghostly silent MACK truck ran right over me. Yep. Left me aching all over, feverish, and feeling as if my my throat had been crushed. My temp. actually reached 103.5, which is pretty amazing for me.
fame in the 70's
I feel gross. I have nothing to do until 3 PM tomorrow. A laxative it is.
On Friday July 14, 1979, I was a 20-year-old American living in Holland Park, London, and working full time at a restaurant called BJ’s Roast Beef on Fulham Road near Chelsea. I was in the middle of a six-month visit to England; no definite plans, just soaking up as much of the British culture as possible (including the beer), before returning home. There was a lot of great music in London that summer; it was hard to choose who to see on any given night. From where I lived it was about a 15 minute walk to one of the main music clubs in West Kensington called The Nashville, a famous pub that from 1976 to 1980 had a lot of bands play there like The Sex Pistols and Elvis Costello. A co-worker had mentioned earlier that we had to see a guy called Lew Lewis that evening, so we met up around six o’clock and started walking toward the venue. We were still too young to have any real problems in the world; whatever we made each week at our jobs we happily spent all of by the next Friday. There were no bills or mortgage payments to fret about, no responsibilities. Looking back, I’m surprised we didn’t float away, we had so little worries to tie us down. As we got closer to the pub, a young man on a bicycle went past us; my friend Keith said, “Hey, that’s Lew Lewis.”
“Certainly not! It’s best not to let the children anywhere near dangerous equipment. No, it should be demonstrated by the teacher whilst the pupils watch and write about it. AND…” I held up my hand for increased dramatic effect, “The fun part is they get to draw a picture!”
Had to call into work and figure out my life this weekend, and guess what I did.
Fishy composed:
land
Lennox
and smirked to himself.
Who are you donning your red in honor of this month?
This was what I paired the Bruschetta chicken with. I am always looking for a great pasta salad recipe and this one seemed to come out very well...my family let me know this :) It is a very fresh looking salad so it would look be a great dish to take to a cookout in the spring or summer. Good anytime of the year though. The colder it is, the better it tastes!
The areas that darken almost to black are colored with E47 and hints of W7. No black! W7 is as dark as you need to get. Even the darkest brown has a value of 7, so it is not black. In the final, you can see that it looks almost black, but still retains the feel of brown.
1) thank the person who gave this award to me and link it back to their blog
But these cats are smart an' they’re all prepared
T - Toshiba Satellite L755. It's what my new laptop is called.
When I think of winter
Who's driving this flying umbrella?
“Susan & Sabrina did an excellent job, I am very happy. I highly recommend them.”
There were some upheavals though. The long line for the upcoming World Cup Cricket tickets were lead news/ talking point in the news media. The world cup ticket hoopla was duly followed by nearly 24/7 news coverage of the roller coaster ride of the stock market. TV news as well as the talk shows were all filled with footage of angry investors, bleeding from RAB baton Charge, rallying and pelting stones at nearby cars and government offices. The Government took the challenge politically and made sure that the following day the stock index rebound with a two fold vigor.
Yeah, but only one. I am a Diet Pepsiholic. I'd rather have nothing at all to drink if there is no Diet Pepsi, and don't think I can't tell the difference between diet Coke and Pepsi. Or any other generic diet.
He will suffer for his lack of vision; he is yesterday’s man desperately trying to cling onto power for power’s sake.
What is wrong with Cinderella, anyway? “It’s just, honey, Cinderella doesn’t really do anything”, says Orenstein. Cinderella, Ty Girlz, American Girl, and Bratz do have a common denominator – they are all pretty. In fact, some are sizzlin’, know how dress to impress, and admit to being shopaholics (I once shopped for 12 hours straight!). Apart from promoting “shopping as the path to intimacy between mothers and daughters”, does this also teach our daughters to value their appearance above everything else?
I had two small wooden pallets left over from a brick delivery. Only 5 feet tall and 4 feet wide.
And you wonder how he does it.
Please tell this idiot what a Twitter is??!!!
If tree is on town easement (thus, they own the tree) and the town agrees that the tree can be topped (bad for tree!), you are out of luck. Conversely, they may request the tree be removed and mitigated for (replant in new location or replacement with something which will not grow into the wires over time.)
I believe that it is very possible for these reports to follow our children throughout their education and into employment and that would be a breach of their human rights to say the least.
Religion teaches us the identity of our Creator Whose existence we discover with our reason. Through what He has revealed to us as religion, we know that He is God, the Compassionate and the Merciful, Who created the heavens and the earth from nothing.
OK, back to the same old same old, with hopefully not another month between updates!
Knight & Day is a lot of things – a throwback romance-action film, an opportunity for Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz to show off their dental work, a chance for Paul Dano to reflect on the poor career choices he’s made since There Will Be Blood – but did it have to be so creepy, too? Here’s the thing that got under my skin – a major plot device in Knight & Day has Cruise’s rogue spy knocking Diaz’s high-strung bystander out every fifteen minutes or so. I mean, at least he does it with drugs and not his fists, but come on, people – am I the only one who finds this fairly disturbing and not a little bit rape-y?
They said when they were done checking the house out, they would let us check out the truck, which was super nice – But they got another call, and had to go. So we got to see them drive away with their sirens on, but no fun times in the truck.
#6. Veronica Campbell Brown – Jamaica’s best of all time and she knows it.
Our next-door neighbors to the east have moved away and the new neighbors haven't moved in yet and I am nervous, because I don't like change. Or people. Or people who change. I liked the old neighbors just fine -- they were a couple maybe 10 years older than us whose children were grown and out of the house and whose dog never barked (their cat pooped in my garden though, I'm pretty sure). We know nothing about the new neighbors except that it's a family and the dad is from the same neighboring state as P. What if their children are obnoxious? What if their dog barks? What if they tear out all the beautiful landscaping, like we did when we bought this house? I might need medication to get through this, you guys.
There is an inevitable dilution that comes with eclectic practice. I’d argue that it’s harder to connect with deities if you’re jumping from pantheon to pantheon, especially when their archetypal portrayal is often so linked with other deities & their familial relationships. Sometimes I weigh up justing picking one and sticking to it, but I can’t deny where my inclincations lie, and they seem to link up with one another so often. One problem I see a lot of new pagans encounter is a reluctance to begin working with a specific deity because they feel obligated to simply pick from one culture and don’t wish to be disrespectful or scattered in their studies. I’ve talked with seekers who agonise over which Goddess to write a ritual for because they don’t want to commit to something they haven’t done enough research on. A fair quandrary. My advice has been to simply dive in and see what works, and to not worry too much as it’s your own experience, your own relationship that you establish that counts, but I find this pill hard to swallow every now and then. The network of deities and/or archetypes that I have sought to establish relationships with include Isis, Bastet, Sekhmet, Osiris, Eris, Artemis, Pan, Brigid, Thor, Freya, Tyr, Saraswati and Ganesha, to name a few. Some links have been lukewarm and others fire-hot, but they are never consistent and I wonder what it would be like to stick to one mythological framework and test the results. Stay tuned on this one.
Merrell: Who, me?
So far, this is reminding me of a combination of the Duke "rape" and the Atlanta Olympics Security Guard "bomber" cases.
Then we see Julia going up to the attic to fantasize about the one time she had sex with Larry’s brother Frank, who was the guy from the opening. Yup, the movie’s focal character is a lady who continually fantasizes about screwing her husband’s brother – isn’t that just charming? I don’t even think it was an ongoing affair – the movie makes it seem like it was just one time that they had sex, and she just never got over it. What a sad sap.
484200 Specialized freight trucking (including household moving vans)
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg said it would mean the UK had one of the "most child-friendly" immigration systems in the world.
It took until the 36th minute before the Blues mustered a response with Florent Malouda heading wide from a pinpoint Fernando Torres cross.
Set in San Francisco Trauma tells the story of a bunch of troubled paramedics as they rush about the city rescuing people and leaping away from explosions. In the opening scenes we meet Nancy who’s having an affair with her ambulance partner. She’s super happy. They’re both super happy. Ten guesses as to whether this relationship survives the opening credits.
GTOH – Full lock out overhead, don’t catch the bar off the bounce.
I colored PB's "Sweet Thing" with Copics and also added in some touches with Stickles and a glitter pen. The cupcake is embellished with a paper flower coated with Stickles. Card stock colors used are white, Pumpkin Pie, and Rose Red. The DSP is SU: "Sweet and Sour". Spellbinders dies were used for the circle, scalloped circle and ribbon banner. The sentiment is from the SU set "Sweet Scoops".
Staff Sexologist and Cultural Officer
arrested by some drogue, a limpet smacked in place
Friedman: because Obama doesn’t
And here's the press release!
Was a quandary it didn’t know.
170And breathes a browner horror on the woods.
Far away across the grey eternity of the North Atlantic, my fellow Liberal Democrats are preparing to enjoy this evening's Glee Club. As ever, we at Liberator have produced a new songbook for the occasion, complete with an introduction from Rutland's most popular fictional peer.
After Asami disappears, Aoyama searches for her and descends into the darkness of her background and his infatuation, the techniques used to display this range from the visual (skewed camera angles, obvious editing, changes in colour saturation),
And had fun!
Do you take them along because you think it will be a fun bonding time for you two; a time for you to talk and interact and enjoy each other's company while looking for the perfect shoes? Men don't think this is fun! Know how men shop? They realize they need underwear when the elastic breaks on their last pair which has so many holes and skidmarks, it looks more like a dirty doily than underwear, so they run to the store, walk in past everything and everyone straight to the underwear section. They don't notice anything they pass; they're on a mission to get underwear. They grab a package with little attention to the brand, price, or even size and proceed to the nearest check-out. Ta Da. Done.
Staffordshire Surge lineman Tom Donlan, 22, is pleased with the weekend’s outcome.
* my wonderful family and friends up in Ohio
Didn't your momma ever tell you that you can be whatever you want to be? If you want to go grain free, you can do it!
5-6 – ‘The Dublin Diaries’ by Trevor White
That’s wrong! Get serious with your life today and make the right changes for
Blowing bubbles with Jack
First things first, Happy New Year to everyone ! To be on the safe side I've scheduled this post as I most probably won't be up and about too early !
For years I have struggled with a sense of futility in the face of the rot that seemed to run through globally involved organisations, overt and covert (such as the ‘alphabet agencies’ – FBI/CIA/MI5/FEMA/etc). From the outside looking in I could only imagine widespread collusion, complicity and/or denial in most if not all individuals. How else could ‘the black hats’ have been getting away with all their Machiavellian deeds for so long?
Poor, poor old place!
The Temple of Rejuvenation has two Human Beings quantumly entangled. One is the target. The other one is the “template.” Life extension, through the knowledge of DNA that Yawee had, was to entangle the target with the template and transfer certain attributes from the one to the other.
I am an expert and I am a professional.
They needed me to have photos made to be included in the press kit they sent out for show publicity. While in Spencer I found a photography studio where I arranged to have my photos done. Donning one of the tuxedos I used for my juggling act, I went for the photo shoot. The color photo used in the header was basically a vanity shot for me to have and to give to my parents. The actual publicity shots intended for reproduction in newspapers and the like had to be in black and white. One of these publicity photos can be seen below.
Indeed the very problems I have highlighted in this article that occurred within the left itself, such as the moving away from the traditional lefts platform by the bulk led to the formation of the Respect Party an amalgamation of extreme leftists and Islamic anti-Zionists and radicals, two almost exact polar opposites coming together to form a defensive coalition against the new ideology. Indeed the turning of the fringe right towards a pro-Israeli position led to such a formation permitting much later the negating of public anger in a nationalistic direction. It is a very complex set of events, much in the way of smoke and mirrors, however, the truth is that politics has changed, that the traditional left right paradigm is no more and the political new order has arrive, is now mainstream, online and ready to serve its paymasters.
19So when the Lord your God has given you rest from all who are against you on every side, in the land which the Lord your God is giving you for your heritage, see to it that the memory of Amalek is cut off from the earth; keep this in mind.
c = a d g
I would like to enter my "Bump" cards into the following challenges:-
That was on President Obama's watch. He gave the order to send in the SEALS, aware of the risks if the team were ambushed or - worse - taken prisoner. Pakistan is our ally, after all; true, a weak tea of an ally, but an ally nonetheless.
Turned out, for the most part the perspective stayed fairly similar. I guess because I was looking across from the train all the time. But it was good to know I could have gone wild with the perspective had I wanted to! ;o)
Rejected by virtually all major labels, he signed to Virgin and released the raw-sounding album without even remixing it. Dismissed by many as a mere Sixties revivalist, he nevertheless won a fervent following and was voted Best New Male Singer by Rolling Stone.
She received a miniscule 5 years for putting anti-freeze in his drinks and cyanide in his food “on a number of occasions.” She supposedly considered suicide but decided punishing her husband was a better idea. You know someone is pissed when their preferred method of your demise is watching you writhe on the floor for 30 minutes before your eyes go dark.
Her mind plays tricks on her. Her mind lies to her, but she doesn’t know that. She thinks those neighbors are saying, “she’s a crazy bitch”. She’s paranoid. She can’t think straight.
Agar’s final line of attack looks to the possible social costs of pursuing SENS. We’ve already commented on the effects of negligible senescence on the individual and their attitude to risk. How might those individual effects translate into social effects?
Jane Rogers, the former Conservative councillor for Old St Mellons, said she was working with residents to hire a planning consultant to help their campaign.
The tornado spewed the rest of the mess onto the lawn Saturday morning, and after we made an entire $3.75 in six hours of yard selling (plus $75 for the dresser from someone who saw it on Craiglist), we loaded up the rest to take to Goodwill.
Ironic
The scriptures are full of so much wisdom. Of course, the fear of man brings a snare--if we are afraid to rise to our full potential because of what others might say, we will literally be ensnared as we make decisions to play it safe and not progress as we ought to progress.
Alex just emailed me one sentence: "We need normal lives." Good point, my man. Because besides the intense housing situation, there are other strange things afoot. For instance, I spent my morning with a man in a storage facility in Bellevue, a man who bears an uncanny resemblance to Earnest Hemingway. We were there to switch ownership of a storage unit from him to me. It's a long story, so just take it at that.
Canned peas. For some reason, I only love canned or fresh peas. Frozen peas are gross. My husband thinks they smell like dirty socks, but I'll eat them every now and then. I think I ate them so much growing up that I developed a strange love for them that hasn't died.
So lately I have been hanging out with my friends for a change and not being totally and completely secluded and to myself. I like it! I didn’t realize how much I have missed my friends and how much I have missed being apart of their lives. I feel like I have missed so much. I feel kind of guilty and a little selfish for it.
Xypherous: She’s far too weak, now! And Teemo is far too strong.
"Can we kill it?" This far from a Sherim, Rel didn't fancy trying to draw the creature back to its own Realm, but not all Wildren could be killed in the First Realm. How did you hurt a cloud?
“Life is a broken jumble of failure, defeat, and unsettled-ness” (p. 35)
in the churning turmoil of these taxes
At the office for years my coworkers have boasted about their time at the gym where their dedication has paid off and they are able to prove real weight loss and (now post-gym) firmer muscles. The majority of my co-workers doing the boasting are 50 plus. In short a bunch of cougars (including myself). Well after having 9 kids and remaining a size 8 (mostly throughout) the gym was just never something I was attracted to or really even remotely interested in. The amount of harried housework I do here (after my 40 hour regular work week at an outside job) seemed sufficient. That was until the 12-year-old announced that although I was “thinner” than all the moms she knew…I had “flabby” arms and legs. (!!)
So it can be hard to predict what the review-experience is going to be like, even if you have some basic information at the time of agreeing to the review. I am thinking in particular of a proposal that I reviewed not long ago. The proposal was on an interesting topic, the writing was mostly good in a technical sense, and the proposed work involved what seemed to be the appropriate approach (methods etc.), and yet.. it was extremely difficult for me to read more than a page without flinging it aside (or, in reality, the electronic equivalent of flinging, as I was reading it as a pdf).
Then, there’s the philosophy which this runner-blogger really enjoys:
I find David Livingstone’s blog to be one of the few very best sources of information about Globalization; International secret societies; New World Order; Terrorism; Middle East politics and organizations; Wahhabi sect origins; History of Saudi Arabia; Salafis groups; Hamas of Palestine; Islamic extremism; Noe-conservatives; US foreign affairs, security and military policies; and other very important relevant issues.
It ended bad, but I love what we started
Elizabeth Margaret—better known as Em—has always known what life would contain: an internship at her father’s firm, a degree from Harvard and a career as a lawyer. The only problem is that it’s not what she wants. When she gets the opportunity to get away from it all and spend a month with the aunt she never knew, she jumps at the chance. While there, Em pursues her secret dream of being a chef, and she also learns that her family has kept some significant secrets from her, too. And then there’s Cade, the laid-back local surfer boy who seems to be everything Em isn't. Naturally, she can’t resist him, and as their romance blossoms, Em feels she is living on her own terms for the first time.
Tools required – 6-yard skip, wheelbarrow, shovel.
After my induction by shark head I gave Iris “side” as she calls breastfeeding. I didn’t realise at the time that that would be the last time she fed before she was a big sister! Whenever I got a contraction while we were feeding I wanted to rip her off the breast because being touched during a contraction felt very uncomfortable. She was also heavy and pressing herself against my stomach. I ended up taking her off a couple of times for contractions during that feed.
State Assemblymen for Chenderiang
Happy is the one who understands what he or she has been designed to be and do, and walks in that purpose.
Thursday- Chicken Packets w/pasta and peas
"The Brewers' Journal 1940" page 571. (Published July 17th, 1940.)
Deposit to secure your seat: $476.25. Get in fast to secure your spot. We have a limited number of seats available.
At any rate, I also want to apologize for not posting much on the writing front. I'm still waiting to hear back from my publisher about a few things. I think I have to take back every bad thing I said about the writing/editing process...
Yes it was my birthday and mine and beloved's first wedding anniversary. We had a lazy day and I put my feet up and watched Downton Abbey and several other programmes I had recorded. My mil took us out for dinner later and beloved bought me this for my birthday.
Hilary: Or, The tower is the eminence of the Law, which ascended from earth to heaven, and from which, as from a watchtower, the coming of Christ might be spied. “And let it out to husbandmen.”
“What would make a sweet, loving, caring woman turn into a grouch?”
These monsters do not work alone… they have accomplices.
“Well,” says the member in the back seat, “if she was hurt badly enough from the attack, wouldn’t that have bought us more time to look? They wouldn’t risk transporting her if her injuries are bad enough, wouldn’t they?”
This card "accidentally" fell together. I had some scraps on my desk and they were laying on top of each other when my eye caught the arrangement and I thought "hmmm...that could make a nice card".
Rosie Huey, a spokeswoman for the Customs and Border Patrol, declined to comment on that episode but said agents patrol both sides of the fence.
Really for a Trader running business in 7 major regions of empire space they really aren’t allot in this hanger. Barely anything exciting there to look at.
Just because smiling melts hearts.
Monaghan have made an encouraging start, Roddy Collins will have been pleased with his side’s past two showings against sides who would be expected to finish in two of the top three placings. Sligo have been snatching a lot of late goals recently to get results.
Let me make one last suggestion. Please make sure you make a small contribution to the other charities that didn’t win. After all, it is the season for giving…..and everyone wins that way!!
We can get through the loss. With the help of friends, the good shepherd, the fellowship of believers in the church – we make it!
Attorneys at Law
No one believed Noah. Of all who lived at the time, only the eight immediate members of his family followed him in this. God was going to send rain. It never had rained. What was that? There was going to be a universal flood. That also was strange to them. It never had happened, no not in the history of the world. To them it was foolishness.
What can you win here? Paranormalcy by Kiersten White
No, his mother sums up this ideal girl in verse 10.
<U+1233><U+122D> <U+1264><U+1274><U+1295> <U+1218><U+122D><U+130C>
When I don’t respond, my mother walks to the door. “Get ready to leave, then. I’ll be downstairs.” She pauses. “Don’t keep me waiting.” The door clicks shut behind her.
Putin named Medvedev as his chosen prime minister, before winning the March 4 presidential vote. The nomination is expected to be approved by the house on Tuesday.
We are SO stoked to know that there are people out there reading our babble about crocheting this and spray painting that, mod podge here and fabric there. And commenting, too. We LOVE comments (like all bloggers do)!
Family Fun
I actually am only writing THIS POST because I got on here to look at some of my friends blogs and in order to find them, I had to pull my own up and when I did I saw that it's been nearly a MONTH since I last posted. You know why? Because stinking FB is sucking my brain cells out again. Yes, I returned to it slowly after being off for a month and now I'm back in over my head. Bleck.
WE ARE TO PRAISE GOD BECAUSE OF:
Therefore the fuel load changes the total weight of the car by approximately 25% between Qualifying and the start of the race. This in itself is already a great challenge when it comes to choosing the appropriate setup for the car. On top of this, the amount of downforce generated by current Formula 1 cars will change the load at the wheels by about 300% at the front and about 322% at the rear. For the suspension and the tyres, the car appears to be three times as heavy at high speeds, than it is at low speeds. Combine this 300% increase in vertical load with the very low ground clearance of a Formula 1 car, and you start to see, where the challenge for the race engineers lies. The lower the car can run to the ground, the more downforce it will produce, as long as a minimum clearance is maintained, and the skid block/plank does not get excessively worn.
Well, this is it for right now. Thanks so much for stopping by I will be back on Saturday when the Challenge Team over at Our Daily Bread Designs will have another awesome challenge for you, make sure you come back to see what we have come up with....you won't be disappointed!!
I found this to be one of the most fascinating books that I’ve read in a long time. A book that flows nicely, The Shipping News provides complex underlying themes by introducing small exerpts from the 1944 Ashley Book of Knots at the beginning of each chapter. As I entered into the final chapters, these reflections truly became relevant and contributed greatly to the success of the book. Set in the rich, always-changing, land/seascape of Newfoundland, I felt that in a very honest way, I finally had some inkling of what life has been for Newfoundlanders. Issues of overfishing, development, weather, economic struggle and family life were pieces of thread, knotted together into a very satisfying narrative. A VERY ’magical’ read!
On the way to airport, we passed by La Chapelle at 19th arrondisement. Wow! almost the whole stretch of the street line up with halal shops (restaurants n butcher shops)...hmm too late to discover for this trip ..Maybe next time.
*What is your go-to workout move when you only have a few minutes to get something in?
And God is silent.
10. Weight Loss
Anyway. Doubts. I had 'em. I never really hit my groove; I didn't feel metaphysical or sensual about birth and though I did my reading and cried at the beautiful, powerful stories of natural childbirth, I felt... harried. Too busy. A little too tense and alone and (list, list, list) to really nail that undefinable state of awesome that carries you away to another realm. Did I hit it during practice hypnosis sessions? A few times, sure. Plus I'd been listening to the Positive Birth Affirmations CD multiple times every day for two months.
The Legislature in 1872, Huff said, investigated then-Gov. Franklin Moses Jr. and he was indicted for stealing. Moses then surrounded the governor's mansion with troops to avoid arrest, he said.
Van Buskirk is due to be sentenced on the assault charge Wednesday. Acting police chief Al Frederick has reserved comment until then.
Good news! I survived my final. Man oh man I knew those objects backwards and forwards. I'm actually proud of myself for how well I memorized this past week. Its that kind of feeling where I'm okay with whatever grade I get because I did all that I could, and if that's not good enough, well that's just what it is. I like that feeling.
William and Jane then go to Lasher's. William tells Lasher a phony story about how he escaped from prison by growing a potato vine out the window. To which Jane adds, "William's just making this up because the truth is even less plausible."
~Make a new vintage dish from either my old rags or cookbooks.
With all this said, he beat all three of these fighters in amazing fashion, showing off great boxing skills, and good punching power. He also showed against Cotto that he can weather the storm and has the heart to overcome the speed bumps that ever fighter will run into at some point in their career. And not only did he beat a former champion, Carlos Baldomir, he was the first fighter to knock out Baldomir in over 16 years.
Cantor: Obama caused the recession in 2007
1/2 cup mayonnaise
Annual database storage to keep the file with Outskirts Press is an additional $18, many other POD publishers can charge anything upwards of $25.
When your gut tells you the book is fundamentally flawed, let go of it. You will be able to write another book. And it will be better than the last.
To get those one by one
They have to wait endlessly for the meals, medication and such basic needs. A complaint creates disharmony and that is one reason many old people prefer to stay quite.
It was announced today that Pope Benedict XVI has personally donated $250,000 (£155,000) to support the work of the Personal Ordinariate of Our Lady of Walsingham. This comes soon after the Apostolic Nuncio, Archbishop Antonio Mennini, asked the Bishops of England and Wales, meeting in Leeds last week, to “continue to be generous” to the Ordinariate. It also comes on the first anniversary of the beatification of Bl John Paul II and one of the present Holy Father's name days, the feast of St Joseph the Worker.
"hi, this is Christine from The museum, what's your name."
“It’s been twenty-two years a murderer has been free. A murderer, Nico. He killed my parents, but he’s a free man. He’s allowed to do whatever he pleases, whenever he wants.”
Nick Cowan, crime researcher for think tank Civitas, added: "To some extent with an open labour market you are going to end up with some undesirables which is a shame.”
Sometimes I feel like a female Larry David. That's a good thing. Yeah, I'm your Caucasian. (You have to be a Curb fan to get that.)
I texted: “Have jettisoned music. Attempting history tomorrow, but languages are going to have to fend for themselves.”
Ok a bit of a cheat now, some of the photos I took over the summer (ie: last Monday!!)
You gotta be fair to Flair.
I know in the end, my home is my home
You know the Aga Khan
Unwind, unravel all night long
He is such a cool artist! Please take a moment to visit his store to see all the wonderful digistamps he has and hopefully purchase a few to add to your digistamp collection.
And at the closing of the day
All these thing are not welcomed guests at all :((
Yesterday a lovely young lady came in excited because she had gotten a job after a long search. She'd just been hired as a waitress and needed white tops to wear for her uniform. She brought her darling little three year old daughter who was wearing great big white bug-eye sunglasses and a smile which matched the size of her glasses. How fun it was to help them scour the racks for white tops - - - we found 7. She's off and running on her way to being able to support herself once again.
In fact windsurfing was invented on Hayling by Peter Chilvers in 1958. He fixed a curtain to a board and took off on the waves giving birth to a brand new worldwide sport.
But now there is a turning of the tides.
My heart filled with woe.
“Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible. “ ~ Dalai Lama
DONE! I was done! I reached my breaking point!
–Mary’s Gone Crackers Organic Onion (I am not a fan)
Also, ETSY has tons of adorable printables for pretty cheap, there are some cute western themed clothes, crayons, etc. there too!
Here are all our hop stops, make sure you stop at every stop, find the ABC Hop posting and leave a comment to be entered in to our prize draw.
but we also have to believe that God does hear us and will answer our prayers.
I think religion should push the tenants of tolerance, acceptance, and the golden rule of “treat others as you would like to be treated.” Money and politics, especially politics, have no place in spirituality.
Coauthor Roy Haggerty, a professor in OSU’s College of Earth, Ocean, and Atmospheric Sciences, said warming temperatures can create more rapid or earlier snowmelt and affect stream temperatures in some locations. Another explanation for the lack of warming in many streams can be a time lag that can occur between precipitation entering underground aquifers and entering the stream.
When Mexican president Felipe Calderon met with Brazilian president Luiz Inacio “Lula” da Silva in Cancun in 2010, the leaders of Latin America’s two largest countries announced plans to begin negotiations on a comprehensive free-trade agreement between Brazil andMexico. A few months later, a delegation of Brazilian officials traveled to Mexico to begin preparatory work for a hypothetic reduction of tariffs on all goods traded between the two countries. “We want to partner with Brazil,” Calderon said. “The strongest economies inLatin America are Brazil and Mexico. Imagine what we can do together; imagine if we complement each other.”
Busy weekend. Back to the grind today...How was your weekend?
I tried to find out how someone could do that without my permission. The representative gave me a sketchy answer, then told me I could put a purchase blocker on my number that would keep it from happening again. Sounded good to me, but I had to giggle when I realized that I'd signed up for "Parental Controls".
A friend of mine is having twins... a boy and a girl. I'm throwing her shower for her. After surfing for a bit I chose the Perfect Pair theme... and these are the invites...
That’s a helpful reminder, because sometimes we tend to compartmentalize our lives. Perhaps we pray only during church worship, small-group Bible study, family devotions, and personal quiet times. But what about during our workday? To pray on the job does not mean we have to fall to our knees with clasped hands and pray aloud. But it does mean that work decisions and relationships can be brought to God throughout the day.
Remember your honest answer and go to question 2.
Know this – if God encounters you – it is for a purpose. Deuteronomy 29:29 tells us this; The secret things belong to the LORD our God, but the things revealed belong to us and to our sons forever, that we may observe all the words of this law. God always has a purpose when he encounters us and a message that is meant directly for us. God’s message will be one where we are encouraged to obey God and observe what he tells us to do. When you encounter God – He is going to give you a message that will give you purpose in life! He has a purpose for you so find it and live in that purpose!
You will notice that there are only 5 Inkers participating in today's hop since Imke has just joined us, but she will be posting with us beginning with the next kit. I will draw a winner on Wednesday for this month's kit.
Billet does not rhyme with ballet,
Collage rectangles set 1 printable collage set with some png individual images
We heard back from our facilitator.
So, after reading Dave Ramsey's book, The Total Money Makeover, I definitely see how our finances need to change. We are starting the envelope system. I'm super excited to start this and come out of debt. I'd love to buy a house, and we're just right below where we can, but we want to make sure we are completely debt free before starting that process. I would love to be in Clarksville, especially for Braden since he will be starting Kindergarten next year, and the home school program I want to use through K12 doesn't have one in Kentucky, and the one that we could use cost almost $5000. Also with the possibility of Brendon getting out of the Army, I think this will help a lot.
I have found myself going in a direction that I was not expecting for a long time, if ever. But suddenly I found myself here and so very happy to know I am going in the right direction even though I cannot see where I will end up, yet. I am trusting that I will get there and end up exactly where I need to be.
Many NGO’s working for the elderly like the Help Age India claim that the reports of abuses and neglect have gone up in recent times. Most of them say that children turn abusive once the family property has been signed over. Then the ” use” of aging parents is over and hence the anger, abuse and neglect.
“Chicken,” CBF would taunt when I tried to beg off watching the latest flick to come on HBO. In the bright light of day, I’d deny everything. “I’m not a chicken! I can watch anything you can watch. I just thought making cookies would be fun.” It never worked. Watch the movie I would. Then night would come and no amount of daytime bravado would save me from the terror.
Despite our eagerness to remain hidden from you, we have recently caught up on one of your more bizarre film sub-genres and find ourselves unusually eager to set the record straight. Although these cheesy horror films about female monsters have spawned new and riotous drinking games, we would like to hope that our news might spur new advances in thinking among your kind.
work for the comrade governor in
6. Work the dough again for 10 min and divide it in four balls. Place them in a greased rectangular mold and cover. Let rise for an hour again.
I thought I had it all sorted last week, first go, but as I was sitting down and talking to the guy I had this thing “click” inside of me and I just knew that whilst it had been on track that something pushed it off track so it wasn’t meant to be.
“Why don’t you retaliate in kind instead of telling tales?” I said. “She won’t respect you until you do. Don’t forget she’s used to dealing with big pussies.”
The story is much more compelling than I originally expected. I couldn't believe how gory and incredible the descriptions of certain scenes were, and I can honestly say that the first description of Anna made my skin crawl. Theseus Cassio, or better known as Cas, constantly moves from town to town, making it his job to kill the particularly harmful undead. He knows all the right places to look in order to find Anna Korlov, who was once an innocent teenage girl, but is now a deadly creature you'd never want to mess with. From the moment they meet during an immature prank, she chooses to spare his life even though his plans are a bit different for her.
Whether or not you write well, write bravely.
Scotland on Sunday had a long piece yesterday titled "The SNP's Drink Problem". This discussed minimum unit pricing of alcohol as a means of limiting binge drinking and associated social problems. There wasn't that much new in it and of course, it was mainly about the internal politicking that accompanies such things. One thing struck me about it though. The current unit price of alcohol - some kind of average I assume - is stated to be 43p for off sales. For cider it is 20p. The unit price over a bar is currently £1.31. I imagine the figures for England and Wales won't differ that much.
"With all of the Type A personalities in the room . . . . . . "
<U+FEFF>- Small Tag from Tags, Bags, Boxes and More Cricut Cartridge cut at 3.25
Jupiter and Uranus Major Activation
I am currently reading “The Art of Non-Conformity” by Chris Guillebeau, thanks to fellow blogger, Erin’s, high praise of the book. I’d been reading her blog, and her enthusiasm for the book made me seek it out. Then I discovered that the book is about being unconventional, and –being the rebel that I can be– I had to get my hands on a copy of this book. I went to my local library’s website, and found that they only had the audiobook copy… so I asked them to interlibrary loan a paperback copy for me, and they did! (go, library!) So yeah, now I am reading it, and it’s definitely good. I’m enjoying it. I especially like that there is lots about being an entrepreneur — this is something that’s had my focus, the last little bit, as I’ve always wanted to be one, myself, and lately I’ve been researching for my own future business in Graphic Design (not to mention, my new job is all about small business start-ups).
As the Captain of a ship nears the vicinity of the lighthouse, he grows stronger and more confident. He knows that very soon the light from the lighthouse will fill the darkness before him and guide him to safety. He knows the light will be there and he can depend on it.
I have had a slow cooker (aka crock pot) for at least 5 years and have never used it. Since a CTLB gave me The Everyday Low Carb Slow Cooker Cookbook last year, I figured it was about time I cracked it open and tried a recipe out of it. The thing I had to be careful of was that low carb doesn’t mean low in points. In fact, the original recipe was over 10 points per serving, which seemed really high, so here’s my modified version.
Anyway, that's it for 2008. Thanks to everyone who has stopped in and read what I have to say here this year — ESPECIALLY if you've been commenting. I love a lively discussion and have really appreciated everyone who's taken the time to debate and dissect a film, or simply to say hi. Happy new year to everyone out there. I may have a few reviews in the next couple of days, but the blog will definitely be back on its regular near-daily posting schedule come January 5, and don't forget that the Early Howard Hawks blog-a-thon starts on January 12!
Red and gold
As it is for other spiritual statements in the Word of God, in order for this Word of God to reach our hearts and thus have any effect on our lives we must first, personally identify with it, accept it in faith, and let it make its home in our hearts! This is what is meant by a “Rhema” word – a Word that has been activated to produce fruit for His Glory!
Hubby: No reason..besides u used to watch 4 little ones when our kids were young. What happened?
“I think one of the biggest lessons we learned last year, having such a potent forward, is that no matter how much talent you have, you can never rely on one person to make or break a season,” Garcia said. “We have to play team ball.”
Wednesday – Leftover bean soup, cornbread, salad
"Put yourself in the position of Tecumseh of the Shawnee. How would you feel about white immigration to the Americas?"
While Staci's kids and I held the banner.
They said
Eventually, a little over an hour later, my sister brought Noah to the hospital and we had a first-meeting/reunion that was joyful, surreal, and heartbreaking all at the same time. It was so special to be able to introduce Noah to his baby sister and see him process what had been vague to him before into a new reality. The heartbreaking part was only when he had to leave--- he'd not realized we wouldn't be going home with him that very night, and was devastated he couldn't bring his baby home. To this day, if I think too hard on that moment, I feel like crying my eyes out. It was truly awful; I wish I'd know better to prepare him for that moment.
Have a good week y'all!
1. Prelude to 'The Song of Songs' 11:40
There you have it. Our Monthly update. That's a bit late but... hey.... late is better than never, right?
try to get the perfect effect
This church, which dates from about 1540 and replaced an older one, is now not only used as a religious meeting-place, but also as exhibition centre and to host concerts as well.
1 sodei
Please stop by each of their blogs and leave them a great big CONGRATULATIONS for placing in the challenge. Each of these ladies did a fantastic job. We are so glad to have had you join in the last challenge here at the DCRU DT Blog.
Want to hear something pathetic? This totally confirms my addiction. After Eric left I found myself trying to mentally tally the dollars in my purse because the Dollar Tree has pregnancy tests. Uhhh yeah! Terrible right? After I realized what I was doing I stopped right then and I didn't have the urge for the rest of the day. Actually I found it quite freeing not having a test around to wonder about while my thoughts turn in circles of hope, then logic, then hope, then logic...it sucks and it is an emotional/mental roller coaster I want off of. I got off of it today!! Yay ME! :)
or not to get Project Life...
Why did Julius Caesar wear a laurel wreath?
No wonder I love taking pictures of flowers and berries so much...
A short-term loan is as bad as a long--
GLOBALLY.
* Publication of professors work on the open web (the business model of academic publications is one of the worst. Professors create the content and then the school gets sold back the content. How backwards?)
Price: $21.99 at BC Liquor.
Feel the itch.
It really is a chair warehouse round here, and here you see 2 stools and a child’s chair that have been sitting around waiting for an attack of creativity…. All three are in need of repair… the wrought iron stool is rusty, the child’s chair is a horrible red with a cheap chipboard replacement seat and the wooden stool is a wobbly piece of kindling waiting to happen…. The two wrought iron pieces were $2 each and the wooden stool was a roadside find….. First step pull everything apart…. I then stripped back the iron chairs and undercoated twice, sanded a bit more and top coated twice… The wooden seats were sanded back, tweaked, swapped and oiled….
For any author, whether self-, small press-, or big house-published, getting noticed is one of the primary challenges. Larger publishers provide marketing support for their authors (yes, they really do, despite popular wisdom to the contrary), but with smaller publishers, and if you've self-published, you may be mostly or entirely on your own.
The other bottle was something of a mystery. Port Jeff is a small brewpub on the north coast of Long Island. They have seven regular beers, but Cold North Wind barley wine isn't one of them. Richard didn't know if the bottle he got was new, aged or what: just that the proprietor was keen for him to have it.
Skloss found herself wondering if history repeats itself when she unexpectedly became pregnant, her own birth the result of her mother’s unplanned pregnancy 23 years earlier. How had ‘unwed motherhood’ changed over those decades, from 1975, when her mother, from a small town in Texas, was sent away in secret to give birth, to today, when single moms are more prevalent but the rules are still being written?
"Frederick "Toots" Hibbert, the frontman of the group, was born in May Pen, Clarendon, Jamaica in 1945, the youngest of seven children. He grew up singing gospel music in a church choir, and moved to Kingston in 1958 at the age of thirteen.
"It’s the most common question I’m asked in letters and even among inmates here, but I have never once thought of marijuana in the actual in two years," he said in a prison email. "Not missed smoking it. In fact, I’ve never thought about it once."
I'll post the results as they become available. Have a great week!
While we slip through Versailles;
Not an easy bunch to digitally repair--the Four Flats recordings have an unusual degree of hiss and low-frequency noise, the Acuff sides are way below mint, and a big needle "pit" on a Gospel Lamplighters side had me spending a half hour retouching the noise spikes. But not once did I question my sanity for doing all this. Twice, yes, but not once. Well, maybe three times. Anyway... enjoy!
It doesn’t do any good to lie or cover up America’s uglier side, but refocusing our education at the expense of what makes the United States exceptional in the history of the world has cultural consequences. We’d be remiss not to reexamine how we teach our own history. This time, let’s leave Zinn’s victim politics out of it.
Weekends are really just not enough to do all these (especially when you only get half of Saturday off from work). But what really gets me depressed is the fact that I only have one night's sleep separating me from another thankless week at work. When I was younger, I felt the same way about school. I think that's why I always end up sleeping very late Sunday nights—you know, trying to keep Monday morning at bay. Because when you sleep, you don't feel time passing and next thing you know it's Monday. How juvenile can one get, right?
(Student had no answer)
On top of all that, I received the Entire Flourishes February Release sets that I won a couple of weeks ago, in the mailbox. I have been anxiously waiting for those sets like crazy! So after I received them, I wondered how many Flourishes stamps I own. So I counted them out and I have: 56!!! I love them all, and I have a hard time choosing which stamps to use every time I go to stamp something out :)
A Laxmikant Pyarelal score from 1974 (in addition to 1973, their best year I think) sporting a wonderfully cool cover; I couldn't resist picking this one up. 'Naatak' may not be quite on par with some of their best efforts from the period, but a few songs on the album strike my fancy. 'Zindagi Ek Naatak Hai' (I'm partial to the sad version) is packed with passion and drama, with an enticing intro, a stirring melody, and several nice little interludes. And is it just me, or are Bollywood songs sung by drunk leading ladies always good? 'Sabse Buri Sharab Hai' is a sexy and evocative, boozy, bluesy gem.
“In those days Peter stood up among the believers (a group numbering about a hundred and twenty) and said, “Brothers, the Scripture had to be fulfilled which the Holy Spirit spoke long ago through the mouth of David concerning Judas, who served as guide for those who arrested Jesus- he was one of our number and shared in this ministry.”…
Leinenkugel's Big Eddy Wee Heavy Scotch Ale (
When you listen to your heart you can begin to utilise your hearts spiritual intelligence, which is the innate loving wisdom of your heart. This is the deepest level of intelligence that supersedes both intellectual and emotional intelligence.
“Great,” I tell him, in an oddly genuine way. Greg and I, we have different approaches in doing business. That doesn’t mean we can’t be pals. Although amplified during his ten minute display of masculinity, for the most part this is actually how he carries himself, albeit in a much lighter way. I’m guessing that’s the point in having us come in today. The real lesson – the unspoken lesson – for the day is to show these recent college grads the wide array of personalities the younger sales members bring to the table. How we bring value. There’s no one way to do this. Know your role, learn the business, and figure out your persona in the process. If the trainers wanted to have some mundane presentation about the roles of a Sales Associate, all three of us wouldn’t have been asked to be present. There are only so many ways to talk about fielding scenarios, creating Excel documents, and detailing the finer points of fetching mid-morning coffees for our team members.
Sometime back in January, Mike calls me and says, I think I have some bad news...I'm thinking, Oh shit, What?! And then he proceeds to tell me he's pretty sure I'd been called for Jury Duty.
We know when the truth
At this point I got up, put my dish away, and went over to his table and asked him if he was talking about chanting nam-myo-ho-renge-kyo. Of course he was!!! I offered my liturgy book to the man and actually he offered it to the woman who jealously took it for herself. Both of them wanted my contact information. Neither of them knew that the SGI Culture Center was around the corner. They had never heard of it. The woman, I learned, is a dancer and a healer, and the man is a theoretical physicist.
The Awards Assembly is next Monday, May 7, at 9 am. I will be presenting a certificate to each student individually as well as stating how many Brainbench certifications you earned, how many college credit hours you earned, if you are a career major completer and if you will be returning to class next year. We will not have class that afternoon. All students must attend the 9 am Awards Assembly. If you earn any Brainbench certifications this week, please be sure to print a copy of the results and tell me.
Maybe I’m just damaged. Maybe I’m not supposed to see this way. Maybe the reason I don’t fit in is because there is something wrong with me. I’ll never know whether that part is the truth or not. Frankly, I could care less.
But when she stepped off the plane—when the wall of heat hit her—she was back in familiar territory, could not wait to get out of the airport, down to the docks, catch the ferry and get back out on the water again.
A press release from Great George Street tells me:
Learning Outcomes; 1,2,8
And I understand where this comes from. The midfield has been ravaged by injuries in previous seasons with the effects felt this time around. Wilshere’s absence is compounded by that of Abou Diaby. The Frenchman is infuriating some which is the Arsenal equivalent of starting a fight in an empty room. Where no quarter is given on either side misses the point; that frustration is borne out of the knowledge that Diaby is one of the most talented midfielders that has played for the club. Or potentially was since Dan Smith’s tackle has done its worst to ensure that may never been proven.
I wanted to swim, but it was getting late and cold, so I sat on the beach, looking out over the ocean and meditated for an hour or so, in case anyone came and to calm down the rather novel and unexpected sense of anxiety I had been feeling that evening. After an hour or so, I managed to separate my legs, and as the sensation returned to them, stood, did a little yoga, and began to head for home. Being a strange boy, (hehe) I decided to take a run rather than walk, hoping that burning excess energy would be the panacea for my mind, and so I ran and ran and ran, the streets and trees disappearing behind me, body settling into rhythm climbing up hills and through gateways, down small streets and past roses. It was a beautiful run, cold night air, peacefully settled into the grace of motion and freedom, euphoria.
In fact, if we had a time-lapse camera sequence long enough, we would see that even mountains, planets and stars are also processes. They rise and fall, are built and consumed, are created and dissipated and the atoms that make them up are constantly changing.
Thursday: Slow Cooker Split Pea Soup with Ham
Level 27: Recovers 270 HP and 81 MP every 4 seconds.
A problem soon presented itself. It’s impossible to discuss the Middle East in any meaningful way without bringing religion into the conversation, and while I’ve studied Islam, I am not a Muslim. I’m not Jewish either. In fact, I’m about as far from the religious spectrum of the Middle East as you could get. I’m a Unitarian Universalist.
It’s inspired me to do a similar project of my own, relating to the most current film idea I’ve had (see: http://hannahreadfilms.wordpress.com/2012/04/27/im-at-war-with-society-right-now/). I thought I could take a photo each day for a month of how I see society, and use it as research for my film. I can draw images from what I capture with camera and put them in my film somehow, or at least use them as a basis for the characters.
Because there was a fatal flaw: we couldn’t make calls in our own house.
I don't even try to pretend that my family is warm and fuzzy. My parents have always been cold, especially to me. I have accepted that. I mean really....my dad has actually told me I am a terrible parent and should have had Andrew taken away from me. At the age of 22 I was told I would never be welcomed into their house ever again and to never come to their house ever again. No Christmas or birthday presents for years. My mom has been trying in her own way to make amends but it really is worthless at this point. Words and actions are two different things. Over the past few years I have had two people tell me how sorry they felt for me when i was young and they didn't know how I could have overcome some things. This has piqued a curiosity in me because I don't have any childhood memories. Some are fuzzy and when I ask mom about what I do remember she will just make stuff up that is rosy or say she doesn't know what I am talking about or that I am confused. I know I am not confused because of some of the details....they have been validated.
The PRC sales assistant was devastated by the remark, writing that his brain was about to ‘explode’:
The Beverly Hills has a soul, and even if that soul, Margaret J. Anderson, is long gone physically, the spirit of hospitality with which she imbued it remains today at the Beverly Hills and likely always will remain. Like Nellie Coffman of the Desert Inn in Palm Springs, Mother Curry in Yosemite and Frank Miller of Riverside’s Mission Inn, Margaret Anderson transformed a mere building, nice as it was, into a home with a personality that was as warm and welcoming as the lady who oversaw it. Who knows what she had but she sure had it. And she could take it with her wherever she went.
All I remember about it was it starred Gregory Peck he wore a gun and he was shot
And did I mention my hearing?
For the background on this one I used bv08, and g14 along with w7. For the transfer I used bv04 and yg05. For the page I used all of the above colors plus yg23, rv91 and bv13.
Meanwhile, my husband amazes me with an attention to details that completely skip over my head.
First, he shares that God created people, and placed them where they are so they might, “Seek God, in the hope that they might feel their way towards him and find him. Yet he is actually not far from each one of us…”
Pasternak turned on his heel, looked urgently at Mandelstam and said "You didn't say that - and I didn't hear it". Despite Pasternak's urgings, Mandelstam failed to suppress his criticism of Stalin, and in 1934 he was sent into exile in the small provincial town of Voronezh. Lonely and frightened, the poet had a mental breakdown, and attempted to redeem himself by producing the sort of 'Ode to Stalin' that was becoming popular amongst Soviet writers. But Mandelstam's aesthetic conscience kept interfering with his desire to placate 'the Kremlin mountaineer', and his poem evolved from a sonorous piece of grovelling into 'Lines to an Unknown Soldier', a long, anguished meditation on destruction and tyranny. Mandelstam was sent to a labour camp in Russia's far east in 1938, and seems to have died later that year. In a number of the poems he wrote in the last decade of his life the vast cold pine forest of Siberia is imagined as both sinister and somehow welcoming place. Like Homer's land of the lotus eaters, Siberia's taiga offers both sanctuary and oblivion:
Is it fair that we love Rooney Mara so much for her role as Lizbeth Salander in “The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo” and don’t love Kate Mara because of her role as Hayden McClaine in “American Horror Story”? No, but there you have it. We’ll set that aside, however, to talk about Kate’s eyebrows, because like Rooney, she has good ones. In fact, Kate’s Oscars makeup was quite pretty and delicate, like her vintage-feeling lavender gown, and complemented her dark eyes and auburn hair. Her brows were spot-on, dark without being overpowering or too much of a contrast with her haircolor. Because she’s obviously a natural brunette, her brows darkness and density only require grooming, and perhaps fixing.
Jesus has redefined the “vineyard” as himself and he will succeed in fulfilling the covenant as the true Israel. While Israel failed as the custodians of the vineyard, Jesus will succeed and his twelve disciples constitute a new Israel.
Yes or live without life
Informants of all kinds, some CIA “whistleblowers,” some Army, some honest decent people who were lied to were “set up” to sell this story, this fabrication about Osama bin Laden and Al Qaeda, not one word of truth in all of it.
1. Getting a legacy deal is difficult, and often doesn't happen even if the book is good. (All the novels I've self-pubbed were rejected by legacy publishers.) You can spend a looooong time looking for a legacy deal--time you could have been earning money via self-pubbing.
This is NOT a piece that I would ever paint! It's patina comes from years and years of use.
Favorite New TV Comedy
I probably should have written this in the hate section and named it ‘People who are always late’, but I’ll be honest I was feeling heavy on the hate.
Sometimes, I feel numb, like I don’t feel anything at all, but that’s because I stop myself from admitting it. It feels easier to pretend not to feel anything, and then there is no responsibility. Love is such a weird word as well. It’s chucked around like it means nothing, but personally, I find it extremely hard to say. And I know why, I really do. When the person who was once closest to you says they love you, when you’re that young, and then they leave, it destroys your trust in the word. I will always find it hard to say that word and mean it. I can’t stand the thought of saying it and then losing them as well, and maybe that’s why I never say it.
Council Member Letitia James opposed the application as presented, as did the Dean Street Block Association, giving a push to the committee.
I have been scrapbooking for over 12 years. I started 3 months before my wedding at a Creative Memories Party and was instantly hooked. Over the years, my style has constantly evolved. I just recently started doing Digi. I am a traditional girl at heart, but love the fact that I can create anywhere and I do not have to clean up a mess (trust me! I am one messy scrapbooker!). Ok, I cannot deny it anymore. I am hooked on Digi too!
Shamelessly lifted from Wikipedia:
We will always remember the coconut M&M's we discovered,
In the past the respect of chiefs and elders had been based on their ability to protect the community from internal and external enemies. The young rebels now claimed to play exactly this role by taking up the persecution of witches. (Stadler 1996:88) Maybe their decision was also based on the calculation, that party politics and revolutionary slogans would not be sufficient for mobilizing the population. Witchhunts on the other hand seemed to be a common cause for which one could expect broad-based support. (Niehaus 1993:527)
Prep time: 1 whole minute!
Alright, back to the lecture at hand.
It has also denied allegations that funds from the RM250 million government loan were channelled into its accounts before the loan agreement was signed.
If I had to use an adjective to describe this book it would be disturbing. When people start getting blind and it is decided that it is a contagious disease they are forced to live in an asylum. This will bring out the best in some and the worst in others. Life becomes a fierce fight for survival. How far are we willing to go when it is our life what is at stake? How much is our life worth when there is no hope? A study of the human nature and its most basic insticts.
The breakfast was a casual affair at a local restaurant, but I was glad I had gotten up a whole six minutes earlier than usual to primp since everyone there was dressed in business attire. After we were done eating they moved on to the very official awards ceremony, where they called each of us up individually and handed us a certificate and a small pin. (Does anyone ever wear these pins? I don’t think so. Maybe they should have some sort of national program where everyone sends in their service pins and they’re melted down and made into teeth for old people.)
Hugo pokes his head outside the church, sees Ben and thanks him for being a real good number two.
Then we drove across the parking lot (hey-it was very cold so we felt justified) to see No Strings Attached. That's the new Natalie Portman and Ashton Kutcher movie. I had very mixed feelings about the movie because I feel Ashton gets a little out of control sometimes and Natalie is so serious in most of her roles that I didn't think I could relate to her being in a romcom. My verdict-it was cute and funny, and quite inappropriate at times. Definitely don't see this if you don't find cursing and slight vulgarity ok.
The next two louseworts to bloom are the Capitate (P. capitata) and the Purple lousewort (P. sudetica). The Capitate Lousewort is yellow and prefers dryer ground and can grow in large patches covering several meters in diameter. The stem is single, growing from a thin rhizome, and the unbranched stem can have up to four flower heads, although one or two are more common. The corolla is yellowish or at times the upper lip can become rose-colored with age. Average height is around 15cm/6 inches.
Anyhoo, I think that this is the fourth Horrible Houses EP I've reviewed for Drug Punk. I should have a pretty good understanding of dis guy, but I don't. Says more for my aural aphasia than HH's incomprehensibility, but here we are, yeh?
The thing is, it's not dreams of riches or luxury or of an easy life, or of fame or power that are coming true. It's a very simple dream, one that we all share.
1) YG in the blueberry patch.
After the form and balance tests, they had us do some improvisational movement. I was given the character of a tree, which is exactly what I had hoped for. I’ve seen stilt performers using four stilts (two on their arms,) covered in vines. I knew how to move for that kind of character, holding a freeze until people walked past, and then surprising them by suddenly coming to life. I also did an expressive sort of dance as a tree.
Geographic Difference At least 8 subspecies. Nominate fasciata types in the Free airline from Ut and Co lower into Mexico; and monilis types in the Hawaiian states from English The philipines, uncommonly in south Ak, to Baja Florida, Southern region america. Subspecies are not separable in the field.
Wool – From sheep. Used in clothing. Ram lambs and old “wool” sheep are slaughtered for their meat. Sheep are transported without food or water, in extreme heat and cold. Legs are broken, eyes injured, etc. Sheep are bred to be unnaturally woolly, also unnaturally wrinkly, which causes them to get insect infestations around the tail areas. The farmer’s solution to this is the painful cutting away of the flesh around the tail (called ?mulesing?). “Inferior” sheep are killed. When shearing the sheep, they are pinned down violently and sheared roughly. Their skin is cut up. Every year, hundreds of thousands of shorn sheep die from exposure to cold. Natural predators of sheep (wolves, coyotes, eagles, etc.) are poisoned, trapped, and shot. In the U.S., overgrazing of cattle and sheep is turning more than 150 million acres of land to desert. “Natural” wool production uses enormous amounts of resources and energy (to breed, raise, feed, shear, transport, slaughter, etc., the sheep). Derivatives: Lanolin, Wool Wax, Wool Fat. Alternatives: cotton, cotton flannel, synthetic fibers, ramie, etc.
- Lots of eliminating foods:
04. ....Con La Madre (06:04)
While you stammered:
to her breathy voice
This is analogous to the public humiliating by Maulana Mufti and a talk show host of Veena Malik for her candid moments with Ashmit Patel on the Indian reality Show, "Bigg Boss" - a virtual flogging of sorts for public consumption - which she brought upon herself, according to the rape myth, because she acted like a slut.
Apps that track your sleep patterns are out there, but I wonder if they aren’t the original problem repackaged and rebranded. The fact that we eat, sleep, and breathe our devices presents enormous opportunity for the industrious among us. Even so, the dependency probably shouldn’t be encouraged.
Once again I’ve turned to Steve McCurry for my reference. I cannot say enough about his books as a learning tool for students of portrait art. Of course you can’t sell derivative works, but if you’re doing studies, these photos are just great for reference – interesting characters, good lighting, and so on.
My nap didn’t last long and the half hour seemed to fly by. Once back in the kitchen, like always, I gathered up everything I needed.
This time I don't get that reassurance. I am sorry I failed you, little girl. I hope someone else won't, and soon.
I now have a new sister in Christ! She is 4 years old and her name is Genet! She lives in Ethiopia! Having Genet in my life has changed so many things. I pray now more than ever and understand the importance of my sponsorship to Genet. When I was in College I traveled to Cambodia three different times and I can say from personal experience I understand just how much these children need a sponsor. However, I will say that this little girl has taught me more than I could ever teach her! She is just beautiful and truly a princess in every since of the word. I long for her to know her worth and value to her Father and claim her identiy as a child of the one true King! I want her to get the chance to go to school, have nutritious meals and appropriate health care. I also want her mother to rest for a chance and know that help is on the way.
Good design can preserve historic and natural resources.
Does this make sense to anyone but a bureaucrat? When would you ever do a return on investment analysis where the "return" was simply providing a service? If you're deciding whether to build a factory, would you base your decision on the cost per unit? No, you'd look at the cost per dollar of profit. If you're a sane government official deciding whether to build a soup kitchen, would you look at the cost of providing a meal? No, you'd look at the cost of keeping people from going hungry.
This is a quick bread, which means the leavening comes from baking soda rather than yeast. It also means it offers instant gratification and would be fun to do with kids. Grandma's recipe included a full cup of sugar, white flour, and oleo. I decided to swap honey and maple syrup for the sugar and halve the amount, use white whole wheat flour, and use butter instead of the shortening. My bread still has a strong banana flavor and is very moist, but is a bit better for you than the traditional version.
As Grits has emphasized before, the number of DNA exonerees represents just a small sample of the total number of innocent people convicted and incarcerated in Texas. After all, biological evidence exists in less than 10% of violent crimes to begin with, meaning for every DNA exoneree there are likely nine other innocent people who DNA cannot exonerate. But when you add to that Johnson's observation that most jurisdictions do not retain old biological evidence, the chance of postconviction exoneration for most innocent convicts become slim indeed. In this recent post, Grits compiled the various available estimates of actual innocence rates to guesstimate that some 2-3,000 people at any given time are locked up in TDCJ for a crime they didn't commit (estimates range from 1,200 to 5,000+).
Courtesy of www.wendyrosen.com
I also liked the look of Casa Cocina Y Cantina at the far end of the plaza - a chic, modern looking space serving custom tacos/burritos/bowls/salad (build your own - choosing from their list of proteins, salsas etc.) - that's next on my list. Pretty good deal for the type of space - with prices starting from $6.95-$7.95 for base entrees. Go back at the end of day for happy hour with $4-$8 drinks weekdays, and $2 tacos on Tuesdays!
I caught my reflection in the train window: in addition to the ugly blouse, I was indeed sporting a natty puce cardigan. He hadn’t meant to be hurtful, but I was mortified and instantly went into an ill-advised monologue about the arctic climate of my office — “If I die there, I won’t even have to pay for my own cryogenic freezing chamber,” I said, stumbling on “cryogenic.”
Start by removing all clutter. Toss, recycle or donate the items that are broken, not being used or don’t hold any sentimental value. Perhaps all those dried up pens and broken pencils? How about donating that extra calculator to a local school? When is the last time you read or referenced that book? Purging will help fight exhausting visual clutter in your office and is an easy exercise to perform monthly or quarterly.
Sometimes a teacher chooses between honesty and kindness. Even if you accept that your standards may be flawed or your expectations erroneous, the paper before you seems unsatisfactory and, to be true to yourself and what you feel you know, you have to criticize.
I grab the lightness of the fabric. I hold the fabric to my cheek (as one does in broad daylight in a department store). I drink in its simple design and cut. I rush to the fitting room and gaze at my turquoise reflection in the mirror.
Or when the blasting tempests blow, and all their shelter is a nest?
The 3by3 writing method is a step by step process to write a book and then get it published.
So if you remember, a few weeks back we had Henry’s big Kindergarten Transition IEP. In case you missed it you can read the prequel here. Since that time I have been slowly trying process what transpired. 14 or so individuals (not counting Grant and myself) sitting around two big library tables pulled together was a little intimidating. And when it came to discussions about data and percentages of pull-out versus push-in and weekly minutes in the triple digits….well, my brain shut that part out for fear of vertigo and vomiting. (Some day I hope to write more about my newly self-diagnosed dyscalculia~it has a name!) Anyway, if you asked me now, I would not be able to tell you exactly what even came out of that IEP…that’s how badly I block data and numbers. (Scarier still is that I do the banking and bill paying for our family!)
out there in blogland? :-)
37. How many dogs do you have?
For a $5 donation, donors would get a fab picture of themselves in a tutu.
From this we can learn that the government was acting in a "profoundly unwise" way over the EU's fiscal pact, and was "taking both political and legal risks by suggesting the need for action while failing to explain how it will carry it through or what concessions it seeks".
And a boatload of friends of a kind?
I started Chapter 3 in the Book of Mark. Jesus selects the twelve disciples in Mark 3: 13-18. The next page shows some interesting facts about the twelve disciples. Two of the facts include each disciple’s Outstanding Traits and Key Lesson from that disciple’s life.
net fabric for the year: -30 yards ~used~
”I think so… or maybe not.” What kind of doctor are you?
And there were lots of them today at the Wedding Expo at the Verizon Wireless Expo. Mom, my trusty roadie / wedding show helper handed out my brochures, chatted with the brides, generally charmed everyone while I played and played and played and played. And played some more.
I digress, sort of.
Love has risks. Motherhood is the riskiest venture around! It is also the one that has the greatest rewards! I want to thank all the hard-working, risk-taking Mothers out there who LOVE! I’m grateful for my own mother—risking her heart to 9 children. She’s had her heart banged up and broken a bunch through the years, but she’s tough like my irises. A wind might knock her down, but her love just gets stronger.
I thought I was prepared for the zombie uprising.
The mood for this essay was provided by Donovan and “Ferris Wheel.”
After purchasing this pomade, I felt buyers remorse. Why? Not entirely because I spent more money on this mickey-mouse sized pomade than I would on Dax which contains 7 times more; it was because I am against using petroleum containing pomade. “But TSP”, one might say” its FKN Mr. Ducktail’s own pomade; Rebel Rouser loves it, and at the very least the tin looks freakin’ sick”… yes, this is true. This slick smells good, as it is cola scented.
This week they came from me
The past 10 years have been tumultuous for Swindon; going through the pain of administration nearly 10 years ago, suffering a playoff loss to Brighton 8 years ago, becoming the first former Premier League club to drop to the bottom tier of the English football league in 2006, and suffering two Wembley heartbreaks in two years. But this promotion, under a manager who has done so well with a club that was in disarray at the start of the season, tastes all the sweeter after a terrible season that ended under the stewardship of the hapless Paul Hart.
Now....I must tell you
Doerr, who recently finished planting, commented further on the importance of his testimony,“I believe these credit programs and other efforts targeted specifically at new farmers, are very important investments the farm bill can make in ensuring that young farmers like myself have the tools and resources we need to successfully contribute to our local farm economies, spur rural economic development, preserve our natural resource base, and do our part in ensuring our nation’s food security.”
and jade intermingling,
Nation of Israel
Kuwait is taking a suicidal step by executing this project which has been cooked in the past few years. This will definitely take the country into a serious crisis as 1.5 million people will be forced to use facilities that cannot logically be able to provide them with good health services. Segregating people based on their nationalities can pen the country with the most famous scandals in the
Sondra recommended the doctor who was with her on the medical missions trip to Haiti when she met her son. He has done an excellent job of caring for Sondra's boy, since they've been home and she felt like he'd be a good fit. I called about a month ago and asked for a consultation and that's where Marty and I found ourselves, yesterday. In a consultation room, where we waited to meet Dr. S. for the first time. His degrees were hanging on the wall and Marty was happy to see that he started his career in service to his country. His initial training was received while he served in the US Navy. He went on to receive many other degrees. Very educated and well-trained on paper.
Today’s count did include 74 species, of 3,650 individuals. New for the season this year were Spotted Sandpiper, Common Yellowthroat, and Baltimore Oriole. Other highlights included a great late count of 20 Red-throated Loons, 1 Osprey, 1 Merlin, 1 Vesper Sparrow, 1 Pine Siskin, and 1 tardy Common Redpoll.
Sometimes it's not that a book was bad. Sometimes it's not that a book wasn't original, or that I didn't click with the characters, or that the writing wasn't quite stellar enough. Sometimes it's not any of those things: sometimes it's just that I'm the wrong reader for a particular story, and I think that's exactly what happened with Sweet Venom.
The card inside is 3 3/4" x 2 1/4" I used the same paper. The ribbon is 10" long and is used to pull up the gift card.
I don’t think the solution to the Groupthink process is to eliminate it. Collaborative work has brought about a lot good material. What needs to be eliminated or mitigated is the sense of anxiety of influence.
feel my warm embrace
This year, I was assigned to watch an action film called Deadly Prey (1987). You can tell this is from the 1980s right from the get-go with a wide shot of a silhouetted figure running up a hill and pumping a gun in the air, which leads into an opening-credits sequence that intercuts title cards with shots of all manner of weapons being loaded one at a time.
I specifically noted the Mighty Nest information because anytime I hear “endocrine disruptor” red flags go up! Our endocrine system is directly linked to our Chakras! Let me catch you up to speed as to why that matters:
Current Status: Not making good use of my influences, my Oyster is being abused, you don’t know my style, I cut my hair more often than I produce a masterpiece, I’ve got more skills than I know, I rate myself (LMAO), my work is becoming a slow process, “work can still stand the test of Time”(quote R. Amoako-Hene)
P.S. ~ If you're still reading...this really wasn't a QUICK post, huh?
if you could use prayers, please try to use the comments to tell me, and i'll pray for you. i say try, because according to your emails and FB messages, my comments are sometimes working, but if they have a headache and can't stop thinking about the blizzard of '93, they don't work, or don't even show up at all.
And therefore,
Just say no?
Bordenkircher said Wednesday’s protest was “very peaceful, and our signs are very tasteful.”
Welcome friends!! It’s a Wonderful Wednesday today as I celebrate my 1,500th blog post!! I’ve been blogging since August, 2006. I wanted to do a special post for today but wasn’t sure what… that is until yesterday! Mary of Serendipity Stamps asked me if I’d like to participate in her DT’s Butterfly Blog Hop! Of course I said, YES!! So I created a very special project for mom as my “special” post today. Thanks for being here with me and for all the wonderful comments you guys leave. I’m truly blessed to have made some wonderful blogging friends out there. I would NOT be blogging today if it weren’t for your encouragement. *Ü*
What comes out next is a wide variety of issues, from, “he punched a little boy in the face” to “she is disruptive to her learning and the learning of her classmates”.
Boom.
Lower floor sitting area; the angles are non-rectilinear creating intrigue amongst the primarily neutral color palette in the space. The floor lamps have a tripod metal base and the windows are shaped as pentagons which contrasts against the linear wood panels on the walls and ceiling.
Actually, this riddle is designed to be nonsensical, and according to its author, Lewis Carroll, he never intended for there to be any real answer to the question: “Why is a raven like a writing desk?” The entire point of the riddle is that it has no answer, although numerous people have come up with creative interpretations of the riddle.
30 ? (but what I’d like to pull off is a response to Craig Pleasants’ gallery exhibition)
Anywho, my Back to Eden garden is looking excellent. Hardly any weeds; except a couple of nuisances like dollar weed. I can't seem to get a handle on them. I think they'd grow on a rock if they didn't have any other choice. Any ideas?
some of those things included pink peonies,
Finally, a plan for the justices to preside over minor disputes between individuals might be a way to connect with average citizens while provoking interest in matters juicier than cases like Salazar v. Buono, a battle over jurisdiction in the California desert. If minor barroom confrontations, misunderstood wager agreements or domestic quarrels were added to the docket, interest in proceedings in the third branch of the federal government could skyrocket.
In 2003, American soldiers applied pepper to the eyes of one prisoner
There are a lot of resources out there to help kids practice their math facts---basic flashcards, math games, computer programs, etc. Some are fun, some not so fun. Some provide efficient practice, others are a bit heavy on the “game” and lighter on the math.
I didn't know how to answer my wife at the time, but maybe, after writing all this, I finally can: "No darling, I didn't win, but I might have learned a little something about myself. Perhaps that's better than winning."
human existence: the doorways through which they enter and leave
Mid March, John called Jim, Donna, Diane and myself to let us know he was planning a trip to Vegas to see Rich. He had a 'feeling' if he didn't go he might never see Rich again. And of course, he also wanted to see Deb. At the time of the phone call, I wasn't at all sure I'd be able to go but both Jim and Diane said 'yes'. I was determined I would do all I could to go too. This was about the time I started to sell wholesale in a group on Face Book and I was getting orders like crazy. I was afraid I was in over my head, but I did it and was putting my earnings aside for the trip. Within 2 weeks, I had money for my airfare and made my plane reservation. By mid April I had enough saved up for food. John and Jim made plans to stay at the Gold Coast Casino and Deb had room for me, Diane and Donna in her apartment. Three days before I left, my three daughters handed me some cash for an early Mother's Day gift so that I could gamble if I wanted to, or see some shows.
It has been around 3 years ago now when Equal Money Was First Mentioned to me. There is now Hundreds, if not thousands of videos and documents available for research as well as a website, and The First Two Volumes of The Equal Money Book has recently been completed and made available at EQAFE.com
That the young man, a pupil, remain
The more I think about the patterns that I fall into, and the circles that I get stuck in, I see that even though I set goals and seem to be taking action towards them, not a huge amount changes in my life at a rapid rate.
Jackie Leven’s vocals are unique, and will have you on the edge of your seat with the passage of each song, wondering where he will soar to next. I won’t compare him to Roy Orbison, or other celestial-voiced wonders, because, while he has taken on many influences (as Gypsies do), what comes out of his mouth is ALL Leven ALL the time. Jackie’s range is unbelievable, and he has the gift of a classic saloon singer for putting across real depth and emotion.
hurry and make this before you make those nasty New Years resolutions!!
(28 Weeks Later, just to save you scrolling up)
I'm still consolidating the Secret Antiquities material into the Society of Torch, Pole and Rope. This first appeared on October 23rd, 2010.
Italy, one of the biggest eurozone economies, fell into recession after its economy contracted by 0.2 percent in the third quarter and by 0.7 percent in the fourth quarter of 2011.
“I tell you, this man went down to his house justified rather than the other; for every one that exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted.”
The earliest May Day celebrations appeared in pre-Christian times, with the festival of Flora, the Roman goddess of flowers, and the Walpurgis Night celebrations of the Germanic countries. It is also associated with the Gaelic Beltane. Many pagan celebrations were abandoned or Christianized during the process of conversion in Europe. A more secular version of May Day continues to be observed in Europe and America. In this form, May Day may be best known for its tradition of dancing the maypole dance and crowning of the Queen of the May. Various Neopagan groups celebrate reconstructed (to varying degrees) versions of these customs on May 1st.
demarcation among
Literally. I got back from Utah two weeks ago and have been sick ever since. The day after we got home, I was hit with a bad head cold. Then came the bladder infection. And now I'm fighting a severe sinus infection on both sides and an ear infection. Hoping the heavy-duty antibiotics I started last night will kick in at any second. All this after months and months of great health. I had the best winter I've had in years, with only one very minor cold. I've been taking care of myself and my emotional health and it's been paying off.
Do you have impulse buys that have become favourites?
Its interior is much more spacious and cleaner now. The interior is air conditioned and this make the waiting here more comfortable. Convenience shops and kiosks are ever present in this new terminal. However, I notice there is a acute lack of eateries and restaurants here. This could be easily negated as there are plenty of those nearby.
Albert rejected the city that had been faithful to him and had supported him. He sold out for more money. I truly believe that had Albert stayed with the Birds, he would have gone down in history as the favorite player of all time. This is saying a lot considering guys like Stan Musial, Ozzie Smith and Rogers Hornsby played there.
BRB. In completely unrelated news, I’ve decided to take a break from heavy blogging. I’ve recently reacquainted with my first love- fiction. I finally finished writing a story (two years after I wrote my last story) plus I’ve got a few buns in the oven just waiting to be written. Like most infants, they need all the attention they can get and so to do that, I decided to limit my blogging. *hangs up Do Not Disturb sign* See you in a few weeks (hopefully with something good)! ¦
*Titus LOVES the park and has recently become an extreme dare devil. He is not afraid to climb up anything! He can crawl all the way up the slide!!! I don't like to take him by myself, because I get too nervous! He needs someone at the top waiting for him! He's also learned how to climb up in my lap if I'm sitting on the couch. Not to cuddle, but to use the couch as a jungle gym. HE LOVES IT!
“I’m from London,” he replied.
There’s nothing to read around here
Roquefort
Oddly, what got the most attention was the green colored water in the toilet bowl (green food coloring). My girls still can't get over that the leprechaun had to "go potty" before he left our house.
Deuchars 3.8% L
~Marie
It’s a beautiful, bright day. But, in the basement, it’s gloomy. The tiny windows don’t let in much light. In some places, the walls are covered by faux wood paneling. But in most places, the chipped, grey, stone foundation is clearly visible. The air is musty and stale. No one comes down here much except to grab something from storage or to use the washer and dryer that are pushed against the far wall.
(Laura Ebohon)
The paintings in this art show are all at different levels of "completeness"; some blank, some with the structure of the painting roughed on with black paint, some with the first touches of colour added and finally, others that are finished and ready to be sold.
Dispirited shuffling around a corner, eyes on carpet, mind foggy. "Lift your head."
It has occurred to me that no one in the world has more access to info.insight into human nature, more interesting stories about what we as a species really are. Things that are more interesting than outer space, inner-space. Why we do what we do, because we are a mix of hereditary/environment. What trumps, more often, how do you empower people? How do you help children whose identity has been fucked-over?
There’s no doubt in the fact that both of them are great leaders. But who is a better captain depends upon what parameters one uses to judge a captain. If one thinks a captain is judged by the number of wins, then Dhoni is undoubtedly the winner. But if a captain is judged by the the decisions he takes on and off the field, then there’s no one near Dada.
dash of Nutmeg (because our family puts a dash of nutmeg into almost every thing we make!)
But hold!
How I understand may not be how you understand. But who can disagree with another on the Ten Commandments? We all know what it means when it commands us not to murder, lie, commit adultery, steal and so on.
4 free patterns of your choice from Buggabugs
I think that's pretty darn neat.
Let me drift off to sleep
H, C and I go to Immigration. Our visas are about to run out and we're terrified they might not be renewed. They need to see our tickets, so we'll have to come back tomorrow. We then spend 4 hours at Cable and Wireless as the international phone lines are operating again at last.
So since we got engaged in April nothing has really set in for us. Yea, we talk about our wedding all the time but it's always in a "whatever" tone. Nothing has been serious and we are just so nonchalant about it. Well that all changed Sunday.
McDormand was so determined to play Pettigrew that she stuck with the project through years of development. The producers saw many young actresses for the role of Delysia and found the right person with Amy Adams, impressed with her work in Junebug (2005) and Enchanted (2007). She really responded to Delysia and also jumped at the chance to work with McDormand, someone she greatly admired. The two actresses got on famously right from the first script reading and, according to Nalluri, “it set the whole tone of the film – and the style we shot it in.”
Then Sam goes berserk, and with a good reason…
Randy Mosher writes about brewing with sorghum in his book Radical Brewing. I'm going to re-read what he has to say about it. I'll come up with my own recipe and post it in the near future.
There are going to be many match making features which can be used however, these aren’t all the time such a needed software but there are some tools which are straightforward to make use of and fast to make use of also. These features or tools might be based mostly on a profile which you fill out or a primary ‘wish list’ which you possibly can fill in when you sign up to the site. In case you are not choosy then these profiles might be an ideal assist to you which will be usually profiles which might be a possible match to you by method of e mail through the positioning who believes you two might be a perfect match. There are lots of sites which will enable you however some sites won’t go through this observe, it could rely upon the positioning and if you happen to choose to go for these fast matches. At the end of the day nevertheless, it is still your determination whether you wish to met one another.
The Media is a distorted mirror, offering us intentionally constructed and manipulated representations of versions of reality. These pervasive images infiltrate our environment and seep into our consciousness, until we are oblivious to their presence and desensitised to their influence. Ultimately, our perceptions are determined by our perspective, and the lens through which we view the world. If the lens is distorted, how can we see things as they truly are?
823 D-XII/5/1981. “o kairos in the Julius Caesar of Plutarch and of Shakespeare.” Basic Program Staff Seminar, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2001 (3), above, pp. 5-16.)
He had lost a real me to a virtual you.
1. Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
about this great leader. I am impressed that he stood up for his high principles that changed America forever!
By the time we killed Arthas, we suddenly found ourselves #2 on the realm for 10-man progression, and we honestly hadn’t been trying for placement.
That lumps together an odd collection of beers: IPA, Berliner Weisse, Pilsener and Grätzer. Beers whose only connection is their pale colour. I missed the Grätzer reference first time I read it. Another one for my collection. It's the first mention I can remember of it using hops that were 5 or 6 years old.
Bonger, W.A., Race and Crime, Trans. Margaret Mathews Hordyk. NY: Columbia University Press, 1943.
I was deconstructing, decoding the message menage. I was overwhelmed by Freddy’s vault, his vast absorption of internet zines that I had bypassed as an anti-technology disciple comme artiste. Lying in bed that new January I was zapped by his blog; the beautiful sometimes hateful prose and commentary went right through my pineal gland to someplace sacred and dormant and I awakened with a big gaping hole where my third eye had been, a hole into which an uncontrollable stream of nouns and verbs and slithering slimy words poured. I wanted to vomit. I was smitten.
6 to 8 slices bacon, browned, crumbled
The voice has always been near mythical. The rough edged baritone matches the tales he tells. Waits is the master chronicler of the pathetic, the sad, the forgotten. He pulls no punches as he wraps his singular voice around his bitterly funny tales of losers. Clearly inspired by both Bing Crosby and Bukowski, with a shitload of Captain Beefheart thrown in just for a lark, Waits is one of the most important artists and one of my personal favourites.
What's the solution? End excise taxes. Stop taxing targetted industries. If you don't think people should smoke, make it illegal (and good luck to you if it's just one state at a time). Don't try to balance the do-gooder "raise taxes so people stop smoking" with the darkly cynical "raise taxes and hope they don't stop smoking so much that we lose revenue." Do away with all these ridiculous taxes and fees and charges and nickel-dime bullshit. Tax income and property, things everyone has to pay (you can be progressive about it, I'm not touting a flat tax) and no one can avoid by smuggling their home into another state.
Monday: The SignOut
hearts that have been broken
This victory can be credited in part to the major education reforms recently enacted by the New York State legislators. Yet, without the commitment of President Barack Obama and Education Secretary Arne Duncan in recognizing that New York State is worthy of these vital dollars, we would be without this essential investment for our children's future. This is truly great news for families across the state!
Everything I once held dear
Grabbed his bedding, diaper bag,
That is so appealing to the eye ?
And that he did.
If you enter Tagged.com and/or Tagged.inc in Google followed by "spam" you'll get many more websites and blogs complaining about Tagged." (courtesy of yahoo answers)
The Republicans however deny that they are making any attempts to block voters for Barack OBama, but instead claim it is necessary to prevent voter fraud. I repeat every expert asked outside of Washington has said that voter fraud is so low as to be non existent in America. 17 States are requiring that everyone have a birth certificate before they will issue them a picture ID. It is just more of the corruption taking place in the Republican Party today.
Topics covered: in-depth photographic theory and technique, photographic genres and historical mentions, in addition there are articles written by photographers expert in different areas, an extensive chapter on studio photography, tutorials for Lightroom and Photoshop.
Hope you have a happy heart today!
This presented a problem for Broadcast TV since their economic model did not let them compete well against Cable TV or Satellite Dish TV who charged monthly viewer fees. At first, viewers were willing to pay these monthly fees since they could get 10 times more channels than Broadcast TV could supply.
True beauty radiates from within, but a little lipstick never hurts. You may have a routine. A long, hot bath feels beautiful. A glass of wine may do the trick. An extra accessory, something that you would not normally wear, can make you feel glamorous. Light up your wardrobe with color. Dress for a gala and go to the supermarket. Change your style and persona for a day, for fun.
As its name indicates, functional parts of the machine vanished from sight, and the engine itself became distinct from, and concealed within, the body of the contraption it powered.
Greg Leitich Smith's previous middle grade novels were pretty firmly located in contemporary school settings, but in his author's note to his new book, Chronal Engine, he says he's always loved survival stories and dinosaurs. That love shows, and so does a sympathy for his young teen characters. They find themselves in a setting where Jurassic Park meets, oh, maybe Jules Verne, with echoes of Conan Doyle's Lost World and possibly a touch of Robinson Crusoe, all of it pulled together with an adventure story sensibility that is squarely and effectively aimed at the middle grade reader. I had great fun talking to Greg about Chronal Engine. Here's Part 1 of a two-part conversation.
There is at least another CBGB book of coffee table dimension which I skimmed at one of those chi chi megabook coffee shops a few years back. I didn't care for the thing since it was jam packed with the same old candid snaps we've seen for years on end with a few newies taken of up and coming amerindie types that weren't setting off any alarms in my issue-specified brain. Only the photo of Screamin' Jay Hawkins really caught my attention, though frankly if I was operating under the delusion that such an endeavor would have contained nothing but ne'er before seen photos of Kongress, Master Radio Canaries and their ilk I would have been fooling myself even more'n I usually tend to.
As I began Need You More by Beth Wiseman I was completely unfamiliar with the author and outside of a very brief synopsis the story itself. The story takes place in Round Top, a very small rural Texas town, and centers on the family that has just re-located there from the city. While initially Brad, Darlene, and their children appear to be the “perfect” family, that facade will quickly begin to fade away as issues appear that neither Mom/Dad nor Husband/Wife could have imagined.
With this said and listed I created a online petition to get Lawrence O’Donnell from MSNBC fired for his unethical reporting. His latest has been a spew of lies regarding the church I belong to. This man has in no way done his research completely to be able to accurately report on something he knows absolutely nothing about.
2)Stand in the long queue for at least fifteen- twenty minutes. Sometimes even half an hour, considering if it's a very prominent temple.
Likely Teapublican presidential candidate Mitt Romney revealed that he will be purchasing a new clothes washer for wife Ann this week. “I think it’s the ideal gift for a stay-at-home mom like Ann,” said Romney during a break from the campaign trail. “Up until now, she’s been using a washboard and tub like most
Ms. Johnson was known for her over-the-top personality, designing clothes with bright neon colors and ending her runway shows by turning cartwheels.
This is Hector squawking at me to go and find Abbie for him. She is behind the curtain hiding from him.
Later in the evening I took my youngest son to see the Yale Glee Club High School Festival. I wasn’t sure how he would like the choral music but after the first piece he was shouting “Bravo!” from his seat (not sure where he learned that). He told me he particularly loved how no one voice was distinguishable, it was the single sound of all the voices coming together that amazed him. For the last number along with the New Haven High School Glee club they sang a rousing rendition of Take Me To The River, it was exhilarating. On the walk back to the car we just kept saying, “that was really fun!”
Najib said the project signified a major leap into high technology defence acquisition, providing the impetus for the local industry to acquire cutting-edge technological knowledge and expertise.
Perhaps our image of the modern scientist, as the ultra-rationalistic antithesis to spiritual matters, is mistaken. Certainly, the founding fathers of the scientific revolution exemplify the kind of scientist Ecklund’s study unearths, where the empirical and mystical commingle. Isaac Newton is known to have been a painstakingly intricate Biblical scholar, even if in a highly methodological and precise way, such as his observations on the sacred geometries of the Temple of Solomon. After all, scientists, as presumably intelligent people, may be aware of the complexity of life’s “big questions” and the range of perspective used to tackle them. Or, if presuming scientists to be abnormally intelligent is indigestibly obsequious, scientists are people like anyone else, accepting guidance and meaning handed down through centuries of tradition, however mysterious it may appear.
Baxter’s conscience is tortured, but his prose is clear. ”I spent many years trying to interpret existence, when I ought to have been squandering it.” Now he is trying to intepret it again, he runs up against the same wall as every writer who ever tried hard enough. How to reduce to writing those ineffable moments, the sharing of which in language is the writer’s simple, but impossible, ambition?
Cheer for your favorite Peep. Or cheer for the one that gets the fattest first. Though be warned, the victor is not always the Peep who impales the other first. Often one Peep swells up so big it impales itself on its opponent's lance.
A lot of the matches in the Championship are decided by which side wants it more. Cardiff are a tough side but I do feel we have more about us. The fixture away from home in the regular season finished with us victorious in a rather convincing 2-0 win. That result must give Allardyce and the team a massive confidence boost going into the match, but we must not underestimate their threat. They did cause us problems on the first game of the season at Upton Park with Rudy Gestede, a rather average player, causing us serious problems at the back. Of course everything they do comes through Whittingham and as we did against them earlier in the season we must contain him. You stop Whittingham, you stop Cardiff.
My husband Will is a fixer.
The most recent correction in small cap stocks (using Russell 200 ETF (IWM) as a proxy) started on 3/27/2012, is also not over yet.
What kind of music did you listen too? Do you have a song that just sends you straight back?
But I promised my mother I would call her before any expensive purchase (she likes to keep tabs, you see), and followed her strict advice in letting it go. It was pure lust, not love, she had me admitting. And, I didn't need a fur coat. I was too young ("It would be obnoxious") and I really didn't have any posh events to wear such a fabulous coat to... so I held off, but I'm still keeping a lookout for this future fashion investment. After all, I am getting older: 20 is a good year, isn't it?
5.In a large bowl, mix beaten eggs, milk, salt and dry mustard. Blend well.
When I was in my 20's, I couldn't understand how anyone managed to like living to be 50 or 60 or older. I would look at people's faces and see all the wrinkles, the lines. How their bodies morphed into something resembling an apple from an hourglass.
It took 5 years to find that it wasn’t Three Dog Night that wrote the song, but a guy named Levon Helm and The Band
“HISTORIC”; “drastic”; “unbeatable”: no one could accuse Caixa Econômica Federal, Latin America’s fourth-largest bank, of downplaying its latest interest-rate cuts. Anywhere except Brazil, the supposedly cut-price loans it offers would look more like usury. Interest on overdrafts, for example, has fallen from 157% a year to 51%. Customers whose salaries are paid into a Caixa account will soon be offered a credit card charging 2.85% monthly—down from 12.86%. Yet Caixa is not exaggerating about the break with the past that its new rates represent. For Brazilians with recent memories of hyperinflation, an overdraft at 51% a year is an unheard-of bargain.
Anyabwile: I agree with Carl’s concerns. I reacted online because there is also a need to appreciate men who are faithful and worthy of double honor. We need to bring a distinction between celebrity and notoriety.
Even more miraculous, Donnie, who has not been able to tolerate any form of girth or surcingle without erupting in a panic attack/bucking fit for the last 4 years, is now able to be saddled normally and will trot relaxed on the longe, stretching long and low and licking and chewing the whole time. If that's not an endorsement, I don't know what is!
The Lord will reteal Himself to you.You need to be informed here that no matter the number of rules and regulations of religion you keep,you can not be saved by them.Like any mortal man,you were born into sin.You have a sinful nature,ie the tendencies to to wrong is in you,and the wages of misdeeds is death.
Dear parents of adult users,
2 1/2 tablespoons melted butter
I’ve always liked tuna. I didn’t say loved, just liked. It’s not something that I eat very often at all, but I like tuna salad sandwiches. Tuna comes in these little tin cans, and I always imagined the fish to be about the size of red snapper or salmon. Imagine my surprise when I saw them catch the first tuna and it was around 500 pounds! It was ENORMOUS! I had NO IDEA that tuna were so giant! And the guys on the boat were rejoicing since that one tuna would fetch them around $5000! Who knew?!
Greed/Self Interest – Appreciation
"Don't you mean funny smells? Has someone put something plastic in it again?"
survival and his father knew very well that Americans
An earthquake occurred about 125 km (75 miles) ENE of Iwaki, Honshu, Japan or about 130 km (80 miles) ESE of Sendai, Honshu, Japan or about 305 km (190 miles) NE of TOKYO, Japan at 8:39 PM MDT, Jul 18, 2008 (Jul 19 at 11:39 AM local time in Japan). The magnitude and location may be revised when additional data and further analysis results are available. No reports of damage or casualties have been received at this time; however, this earthquake may have caused damage due to its location and size.
So, I give her my chin. It makes her happy. I first dip my face in bourbon and then let her go to town. Kidding, kidding.
And each time I go to Erin's, I get so excited to see that she is so similar to myself, giving everything it's proper home, keeping notes of her schedules and meals and giving items new purposes for the sake of keeping her life running organized and smoothly.
But I can at least tell you about this product, can't I? After all, the holiday season is nearly upon us and that means parties and get-togethers, and that means fancy clothes that we probably haven't worn since last year.
The old lady had clearly saved every card she'd ever gotten in her life....kind of like I do.
Daughter: shrugs shoulders
It's interesting that the cards (66 card, 8 sticker set) are copyrighted for 1981, when the film came out a year later. As you'll see in the cards pulled, that it looks like that they got some early scenes from the movie to be able to make the card set in advance of the film.
You inspire me with your stories. With your strength. With your love.
Tomorrow I can assure you I will loose this pink fluffy acceptance I will say fuck that it’s bullshit, it is a travesty etc. etc.
Many times, I break up my cool gray sequence slightly, though you may not notice.
Brand new Car DVD Nvigtion Bluetooth Microphone Mic Assembly ,
It's a good thing I photographed mine right after making them because they took a tumble on the way home and although went back together pretty well, you'll see some leaning of pieces.
Hi everyone! It's time for the Gluten Free Ratio Rally, and this month's theme is the bagel. This is up there with some of the hardest rallies we've done (I find gluten free yeast breads the hardest to make gluten free), so thank you to Morri for hosting this month! Be sure to check her page for all of the posts this month!
I have been trained to exhibit a certain type of “rigour”in my work. This includes eschewal of pleasure, sentiment, authorial marks, “the hand”, claims to direct experience, technical and material facility and onwards. This is essentially the legacy of conceptual art as it has played out in many Canadian art institutions. Although my work over the past ten years has resisted this training on certain levels, the ambivalence remains.
Exciting times! Now, onto the covers.
The balance sheet of the film signifies its success in itself, a movie made in a tight budget of 4 cores has made 6 cores in its opening weekend and add -on of another 6 cores for satellite and music .
I'm not telling you this story so you can think I'm some sort of hero, 'cause I'm not.
“I also have a photographer.”
‘Do you have another card, ma’am?’ Is one of the worst phrases that someone can say to you, really. I mean, I know I am approaching 35 but I have big plans for an all year long party that will probably involve laser tag. How does that sound for grown up?
Some may think a bragging buddy dangerously promotes arrogance. Acuff suggests a private “bragging table” is safe middle ground between arrogance and feeling ashamed of personal desires to share our accomplishments.
The kingdom was rebuilt and things went back to normal. The mean twin grew up. She was a teenager now, and she grew to become brattier and meaner. She resented her parents for loving her twin even if the kind twin was long dead. One day, the kind twin appeared in tattered clothes. She said the witch had held her captive all these years. She finally escaped. Everyone was overjoyed except the mean twin. They all thought the kind twin died in the fire, but they were always hoping that she could still be alive.
Living at The Fort we were isolated of lots of things. We didn’t see as many people, or saw lots of cars. It was very quiet for Indian standards. When we went to Goa, even just in the drive down from the forest, it was really fun to see all the kids in uniform coming and going from school.
So this gets me thinking...
And so we come to The Avengers (or the horrible title it’s being called in some territories, Avengers Assemble). Legendary comic book writer Josh Whedon was brought in by Marvel to direct, and the majority of the lead cast returning with the exception of Edward Norton, who it was revealed at the 2010 comic-con converntion would be replaced by actor Mark Ruffalo. Ruffalo will also be the first actor in the history of the Hulk to play both David Banner and via motion capture also portray the Hulk. The characters of Erik Selvig and Pepper Potts have also been shown to be returning in trailers and released images, but this is expected to be in small cameo appearances.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) — The share of young adults with jobs has hit its lowest level since the government started keeping records just after World War II.
So, thank you Roger for a good Steer on Stott!
crossed by rabbit's
Obama’s official campaign statement regarding the war on terror, entitled “Barack Obama: The War We Need To Win”, stated that: “As president, Barack Obama would revisit the PATRIOT Act to ensure that there is real and robust oversight of tools like National Security Letters, sneak-and-peek searches, and the use of the material witness provision.”
Because I'm in full business to seek everything out for my garden, I will not post until Friday, but I can't wait to make that one on French Fridays with Dorie.
She beckoned Jasper, to her. She smiled, stroking his cheek with her hand, kissing him gently on the lips. She removed her robe, sinking down into the middle of the group, thighs spread wide, ready, willing.
As a nurse working in a PCT I am obliged to take part in one of the much maligned prior approval schemes that are popping up all over the place to manage the demand for healthcare. ‘Low priority’ treatments such as removal of non cancerous skin lesions and varicose vein surgery are judged against a set of criteria set by a panel of doctors and approval is given or not for surgery to take place. What strikes me most about the way in which cases are presented is the extent to which GPs and surgeons struggle to tell patients that their problems don’t quite meet the criteria. Often they will write that the patients ‘wants this surgery performed’, and I am left wondering; yes, but do you think it needs to be performed.
May God bless you abundantly,
Adequate attention must be provided to the fact that once black molds have established colonies in any portion of the house they usually remain there for long. This is as long as the structure is not replaced or treated with mold removal products. The pollutants that are released from the mold are themselves the reproductive cells of the black mold and are referred to as spores. These spores can be buried within the surface of wood such that these tend to escape with the use of black mold removal tools. In fact, these can hibernate and cannot be destroyed easily. This is majorly due to the fact that these are resistant to the action of heat, cold and even chemicals. Thus even if the wood seems to have washed clean, the spores can germinate again. Hence, to remove these forever, it is important to kill mold spores in wood as well.
Overall, it’s a great little joint. Flavorful. Affordable. Fun. And if you aren’t happy with the food you can always get drunk off the $2-$4 beer, and forget that you ate. The place could use some milkshakes and a couple more burger options, or at least add-ons like guacamole or barbecue sauce. It’s the kind of place to grab a bite between classes. The longer you sit the more it becomes conducive to conversation, so if that’s what you’re looking for, just give yourself time to acclimate.
But surrounding myself with different medium and tools means I can experiment, I can push the boundaries and quite often I find my subconscious automatically making me pick up a rusty old brush with stubby bristles, or grabbing a certain type of paint that somehow is just right for the character I’m creating.
I'm thrilled to see so many of you getting in to the spirit of MIM too and sharing some blog love around.
Classical ballet is an introverted dance. Its choreography requires ample space, and even a solo dancer makes use of the entire stage. The introverted nature of flamenco dancing, on the other hand, is satisfied by an extremely limited space; an entire flamenco dance can be danced in a space no larger than a table top.
They reek of war and salt water and metal, and every boy I asked said that the battleship was the best part of the field trip.
57. Get a new tattoo, something tied to my journey
*Ran up and down the stairs (3 flights) a couple of times in between to get my heart rate up. Took 2 at a time for some sets.
Message from the Hopi Elders
Behind him lay the gray Azores,
Obama’s expressed intention of “transforming” America has so far manifested itself in ways that Americans are rejecting in ever-growing numbers. Thus, the fear understandably remains that he will use the power of the office to continue his goal of a socialist America. Already, Obamacare is being challenged in Virginia and likely to be found unconstitutional.
Perfect! That’s it!
Grievance and/or arbitration option for discipline
Take small pieces of dough, about the size of a large teaspoon, shape into rounds or balls and place on the baking sheet. Allow a little room for spreading. Flatten slightly.
Honestly, they are already wearing colored uniforms. We might as well organize the color scheme a little more and make them form teams. Besides, they’d certainly be better role models than people in ‘US Weekly’ (see: Keepin’ it Real). Think of the children, people.
If for nothing else, go for the amazing embossed wallpaper. So beautiful.
After all that is why athletes train- to get better. And anything that can be done to make training a more productive endeavor will aid one's performance! Too often, both for fans and those conducting tests, the focus is on the actual competition itself - and that was McGwire's focus in his confession. But there is much that must be done BEFORE you compete. You don't get good, or great on the day of competition. You become great during preparation. Competition is the test of how good or great you have become - the time when the training pays off.
In the continuation of our series, I want to guide you on honing in on your homes architectural elements and what plants and garden style will be compatible. Let's keep it easy and examine the same six plants for each. Our styles will be "Cottage/informal", Semi-formal, and Formal
instead i saw and felt a collection of things
And he made her his, at the Roseville Fair
Now that I’m getting used to writing VSVs it’s not taking me as long to do them. The first few times I did RVOs and VSVs—the difference between the two being whether or not they contain a sound grab—it probably took me around two hours to go through interviews, find the right grabs, write down what they said in the grabs, write a story broadcast style, add in all the clip information to match what I wrote and then add any other details. Now it probably takes me just over an hour to write a VSV (depending on the topic of course; fluffier/happier pieces take a lot less time to figure out).
Had a nice letter waiting for me when I got home today.
“Shhh! NO!”
For example, Perseus was the son of Danae and Zeus. Fine. So far so good. But the god did not come to her in the likeness of her husband Acrisius. Firstly because Acrisius was her FATHER (she did not have a husband)and secondly because Zeus CAME TO HER AS A SHOWER OF GOLD!
Do you remember that lovely vintage linen haul that I bought a few months back? I wrote about it here. Well apart from including a few pieces in my patchwork cushions, I haven't really found the right project to show off the range and beauty of the antique embroidery. But I thought cathedral window could work really well.
If you are joining in on Show and Tell Friday, please remember that your Show and Tell needs to be something from your home or garden. Please read the Show and Tell Guidelines for step-by-step instructions on how to participate. If you would like to join in, please enter your name and leave your exact Show and Tell blog post link, not just your blog link and as a common courtesy link back to my blog. If your link has been removed, please re-read over the guidelines before re-posting, or e-mail me with any questions.
but, we did cross off one thing…our FINAL training session!
To the American elites, than, the well being of children comes second to that of the perverted adults and their "rights" and what comes even further down the line, is national sovereignty, something the Americans are incapable of recognizing or giving a damn about.
Well I officially am best friends with a boy…who is not my boyfriend…not sure how that works out but ya…
- Horse Riding
You have forgot the color film, my dear,
Ugh. This is difficult. He thinks to himself. God, I don’t know.
Betty MacDonald said: 'Nisei Daughter ' is a very remarkable book, humorous and delightfully readable, that takes you into the heart of a Japanese-American family and into the mind of the sensitive, perceptive eldest daughter.
5. Remove the dough from the bowl, punch it down and roll it out onto baking trays covered with baking paper onto which you spread olive oil and some cornmeal (if you don’t have, then you can just use flour instead, but the cornmeal gives it an authentic feel). Cover and let rise for about 15 minutes.
But even in this day and age, there are a few developers that go against the grain and try to make a good licensed game, such as Junction Point Studio’s recent effort, “Epic Mickey”. Unfortunately, even with all the love and care put into it, the game garnered mixed reviews with most of the criticism geared towards the in-game camera and controls. So even today, it remains as challenging as ever to make a good licensed game, especially amidst titles that sport cutting-edge graphics, stories, and characters.
I've resisted a twitter account for years but with my new blog-venture I decided to create one. There's no denying twitter's usefulness for promoting and networking when you're blogging like (hopefully a whole lot of people) are reading.
And may we have faith that the Universal Mind — manifesting as our Supreme Intelligence and Oversoul — and having our best interests at heart, will lead us with a kindly hand.
I will always undo
J'ai une carte masculine pour un amateur de sport. Je le trouve adorable, il a l'air de bien s'amuser!
Gallup Independent
traces of those hay blades,
How strange that a young girl like her has these strong feelings and correct predictions. That what happened later in her life, all I can say that all of a sudden they are not friends any more. A year passed and the gap between them is expanding, he does not speak to her, sometimes he does not say “hi” to her, basically he ignored her completely she came to be nothing to him, a speck in the air, like a vase on a corner table. Every time she sees him, she gets angrier and more furious, so she decided to “to hate him”. Yes. “HATE HIM” that’s what she was telling her heart, she gave it the order to “HATE HIM”. To her heart it was not an order; to her young restless heart was a death penalty, because she will deprive her heart from its only nourishment “his love”. In fact, it was one of the most difficult decisions she had ever made. However, she completed her life, hypnotizing her heart to hate him. She engaged herself with her simple life which was friends, school, and her family.
C'mon! Do a list yourself. You know you wanna!
“Sensuality is basically a function of the body, while love is a function of the spirit.” Pg 62
Meanwhile, you can begin to practice meditation from what you read and from podcasts or recordings on the web, and seek the advice of any meditators whose qualities you admire. The role of any good teacher is ultimately to help you learn to trust your own intuitive wisdom, your own inner guru or inner guidance system, which will ultimately be your most reliable source of true direction.
the colors he uses is one of his strongest tools for personal interpretations of a subject and for conveying his emotions. His work grew brighter in color, and he developed the unique and highly recognizable style that became fully realized during his stay in ..!He also wrote the poetry that he was the most famous, most productive and most satire!While he is never ranked as a writer of tragedy with any prizes..!
This series has the potential to be interesting, not because of talent but because of ole’ father time. Talent wise, I still believe that the Celtics bring more to the table. 3 HOFers and the best set up man in the game in Rondo. They are a year older though, and Ray Allen has been hurt. The Hawks have talented players like Josh Smith, Joe Johnson and Marvin Williams but do they have anyone to stop Paul Pierce’s fade away when the game is on the line. Not to mention, Doc Rivers will put them in the position to win games in this series. I do see it going 7 games with the home court making the difference.
Why to watch Night of the Living Dead: It spawned an entire sub-genre.
He snapped only one photograph each day – only what he thought was going to be the most meaningful event that day. One photo and one photo only. The World Trade Center could fall down and… From 1979 to 1981 maybe 8 or 9 photos included me. Maybe half of those were just of me. I thought it an honor to be chosen, even in the early days.
The world we live in is a very dynamic place. Situations change momentarily; there is unpredictability and we constantly have to adapt to these. Autism struggles with these adaptations, the unpredictable and being flexible. These skills can be learnt through specified programmes, however without dynamic intelligence the world is overwhelming and scary.
You giggle once in a while and look around to check your surroundings.
“Women are not in the wrong when they decline to accept the rules laid down for them, since men make the rules without consulting them. No wonder intrigue and strife abound.”
I thought we had a good session last time, but this time it was even better!
My nails were a result of boredom. I bought a multicolored 12 pack of loose glitter from Ross for $4 which is so cheap considering Michael's prices! After a base coat, I dipped my finger nails in the glitter, shook off the excess and added a top coat. I liked it, it looked pretty but it was messy and I won't do it again! I will find a lot of other uses for my glitter though. I will probably funnel some of it into clear polish...which is a lot less messy.
April 2, 2012
Be back later (once I'm awake), hoping I'll have a picture of snackage and books.
Thank you for giving me space when I need to be alone.
We've been hard at work getting our vegetable garden started in the backyard. In the meantime, we put in a couple of small raised beds right off the back patio for herbs. I wanted a fun way to label the herbs and I have seen lots of people use jewelry stamps on old spoons for garden markers. When I searched around the internet, it seemed like most people were flattening out the spoon before stamping and a few people had done the same on forks.
Zhu JL, Knudsen LE, Andersen AM, Hjollund NH, Olsen J. Time to pregnancy among Danish laboratory technicians who were a part of the National Birth Cohort. Scand J Work Environ Health 2005; 31: 108-114.
12:5 p.m. Drink another diet dr pepper
They done fell through
in this together so towns and villages should
Why are we as hosts, brides, and grooms many times so over-worked and over-spent when it comes to parties and weddings? You don’t need to know how to bake a pie, make custom decorations, cater a party, hand-craft seasonal cocktails, or arrange flowers. You just need to know how to ask for help. And if you know how to do all these things and don’t have the time or the money? You still need to know how to ask for help.
Why am I talking as I am writing?
I bought a small set of copic markers on the weekend. I have to say…I’m completely and utterly in love. They’re like markers, watercolors, and pure awesomeness all rolled into one little pricey marker. At $8 per marker, I’ve eyeballed them for so long, but have never been able to justify the price. I found a set of 44 used markers online though, and the price was amazing, so I bought them. Here’s a quick doodle of my first time using them. I did it while sitting on the ground waiting for the train to come. It’s on the back of the receipt for the markers. Then I continued it while I ate Wendy’s with Jamie, then finished it while he bought lego at Toys R Us. Did I mention I’m in love? I can hardly put them down!!
we speak to God in through His Son the Eternal Word!
They were drilling at the exact epicenter of the earthquake.
some advancements already.
Uncle wanted a commitment to staying, but John yearned for his beloved.
The Material: The traditional materials – prices of cobalt-chromium alloy and titanium are not the same. Implants from cobalt-chromium (CC) alloy rods are cheaper than comparable titanium implants, but when it comes to zirconium dioxide, then cost of a dental implant may appear to be cost prohibitive to the patient. But, depending on where the implant is being placed, you may end up with a less than satisfactory result with the less expensive CC implant.
I could carry on telling you about the people that have turn their back on me, about despicable doctors who wouldn’t even listen to me just because I don’t look sick.
One of the most robust criticisms of Marx is that, despite his predictions, society has yet to be shaken by a popular revolution against the capitalist system, and a global class revolt doesn’t seem to be in the works any time soon, either. Why? Clearly because of the jogging and fitness craze which first germinated back in the 1970s and is in full bloom today. Although they may comprise a small percent of the population, I’d have to say the reason we’re all still waiting for fulfillment of that utopian promise is due to runners and joggers. No matter how dreary the day job is, they are still by and large happily united with their labor at least a few times each week. As a result, things never quite reach the boiling point necessary for a real gloves-off revolution. We could try to usher in a communist era by getting rid of running and runners completely, but that seems impractical and, well, a bit hostile. Perhaps, had he lived in a different age, Marx would have been a physical trainer or a P.E. major, and the social upheaval he envisioned would have come not from one massive thrust, but millions of individuals discovering this: run, and become your own revolution.
For starters, there was no guarantee the owls would be worth anything – they first had to be checked. And to check them, taking one owl and checking it would have been sufficient to determine if it was worth climbing back up to retrieve the other two; the nest wasn’t going anywhere, and the little chickens were too small to fly.
Relinquishing control invites nothingness.
Where to Purchase: Workman Publishing
Marina Bay Sands, Singapore
6. Ok, let's set up a regular schedule for you to keep me informed on what you're doing for me. And fax a copy of the offer to my lawyer and accountant. They'll be in touch with changes.
5) Helen Lee: On Not Playing It Safe I still struggle with moments in which I distrust myself, in which I doubt myself, in which I would rather disappear into the background rather than put myself and my ideas forward into the public arena.
Then Boyfriend says "What's on your face?" And I'm like "IT'S HONEY! GET OUT OF YOUR FUCKING TOWER AND STOP ACTING LIKE YOU'VE NEVER HAD HONEY ON YOUR FACE BEFORE!!!" And Boyfriend is like "What?" And I'm all "DON'T JUDGE ME!" And I run away.
When it comes to my “style” I keep it pretty simple. I’ve got a solid rotation of amusing t-shirts, roughly four pairs of jeans—all the same make and model of Wranglers—in varying shades of blue, and a bunch of different hats for each season.
Mile 16 - 10:31
I think disappointed would be mildly understating how I felt, when I made the decision not to compete any longer. My hopes and plans had ballooned to epic proportions in my mind, for me this race which had effectively been blown out of the water would be a new moment of validation and victory. No longer so, the decision hit hard for a short while before I managed to get myself and my perceptions back into perspective.
If we look at the books in the Maverick House catalogue, it tells us socially and politically driven books on true-crime, terrorism, sport, memoirs, biographies and environmental issues are the cornerstone of their output. We could be looking at the preferences for any significant imprint of Random House. HarperCollins or Macmillan. Like all successful publishers, Maverick House grew slowly, and crucially, they understood the need to learn from their experiences in the Irish market, but also to identify the importance of not allowing it to become a comfort blanket or means to an end. Too often in Ireland, its native publishers have chosen to become Irish publishers first and foremost, rather than simply publishers.
Strong nationalist sentiments or patriotic feelings of any kind especially those which have grown over a long period and are deeply embedded in the national culture are a major obstacle to the ideology of Marxism-Leninism (and multiculturalism). Any attempt to reverse these social affinities and loyalties would, if it relied on purely peaceful means, take decades even centuries to overcome, if at all, and despite the view among the party that the victory of communism was inevitable - capitalism in all its forms was doomed - Lenin was not going to wait until the peasants, bourgeoisie, landowners and emerging industrialists, the “masses” in the jargon of class war, were persuaded of the benefits of the common ownership of the means of production and gratefully abandoned the pursuit of profit and private property. 1917 was Year Zero, the tabula rasa, when the errors of some two thousand years of man’s history were to be rectified by the teachings of Marx and Lenin, at least in Russia, to begin with.
While the weekend relied on the hard work and co-operation of all NUTS members present, special credit must be given to NaSTA Co-ordinator Chris Leyland, and his assistant co-ordinator Kathryn Feavers, who have been working tirelessly since last year to put on the greatest NaSTA so far. I think it’s fair to say that their work has been incredibly triumphant.
First of all, then, I urge that supplications, prayers, intercessions, and thanksgivings be made for everyone…so that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and dignity. 1 Timothy 2:1–2, adapted
Here we have 1 Thessalonians 5:14-18. This section of verses is known as a figure of speech. Figures of speech are beautiful distinctions in the Word, highlighting a special emphasis or importance on a subject. Each one is a key to unlocking secrets in God’s Word. We turn the keys by knowing their meanings and usages. We have a beautiful figure of speech here called, Asyndeton. It simply means; “without conjunctions.” It takes us through a list of statements. We need to see these statements as a whole and not separate, they lead to a greater conclusion or climax. In this section of verses, using Asyndeton, we find out what is the will of God.
Weigh in: 74.5 kgs.
At first I had no clue what to write about. Yeah I could blog about my weight loss journey, but all my passion is not for weight loss; it goes much deeper than that!I live a crazy busy life, yet so boring and mundane to many. I have a beautiful family; I'm married to the love of my life and we have a daughter and a son together. We both work full time and like most families with two working parents, someone else gets the pleasure of keeping our kids while we work.
Jack Hale - trombone, trumpet
Without further delay….my personal list, #20 – #11:
Not one company picked up the phone.
Ginny Carter Smallenburg I am drawn to fabric, but haven't really tried that yet. I have done some bookbinding, but would like to become more proficient at it.
You'll see a noticeable difference in behavior, energy, and sleeping too!
Sample use – I am a member of the Golden Path Retreat in Anytown, our Organizer is John Doe.
So here comes in what we know as “Lawyer speak” and it opens so many loop holes of interpretation that the law looks like a Swiss cheese.
The real question is what should this body-mind do or avoid?
£2m to tear down Northern Ireland peace walls McCord to raise loyalist paramilitary concerns with Robinson Northern Ireland MPs fear losing control at Westminster Permanent memorial for Kingsmill massacre : The Examiner Newspaper of Crossmaglen, South Armagh, Newry and Down Woman in attempt to overturn former IRA hunger striker’s bankruptcy
At the beginning of the trail there was another hiker about 50 yards ahead of me and two ladies not far beyond him who veered onto the path to the right not long after I got my first wind. Taking my camera out along the way as good shots presented themselves, I soon found myself alone on the trail. Finding a rock overlooking the water I sat with my own thoughts for twenty minutes or so until a man on a bike passed by and waved and reluctantly I started on my way again. Before long I rounded a corner and he and his bike were leaning against a tree watching a fisherman in the water below. After we exchanged pleasantries, he asked if he could take a few pictures of me against the backdrop of the lake. Really? Now, I’m not usually the suspicious type, but I also didn’t just crawl out from under a turnip leaf so feeling a bit of a prickle on the back of my neck and suddenly feeling a little isolated, I thanked him and said I was meeting my husband a short ways down the trail and had to get going.
J.A.: This was caused by the air bottle which supplies the air valves in the engine. It has overheated in the fire and failed.
Thank you ever so much!
The fact that the dog Hachi, is more than a dog. Hachi is symbolic of your dog, your pet, your best friend, your sibling, your mom, your ex-wife, and your boyfriend. I actually initially pitched the movie as E.T meets EIGHT BELOW. It is a timeless story of friendship and love and loyalty that is innate in all humans. The story of waiting for one's master for so many years and ultimately having an impact on the community is so powerful yet also so simple that it resonates with the young, the old, and every race, color and creed. The themes are universal and the fact that the story itself has been so popular for over 80 years in Japan and that it is taught to students around the world shows that there is lasting power and appeal to a story that speaks to us on a human level and makes us yearn for something greater in life.
***Botox is botulinum toxin, it can be used to treat spastic disorders, excessive sweating, and of course the more famous use would be reducing wrinkles. Personally I think it is insane to inject that toxin into someone for cosmetic reasons, there have been deaths associated with it as I recall. 1mg of the toxin is theoretically capable of killing 1,000,000 hamsters/guinea pigs (I have heard of this study not seen it).
Heat a large skilled on medium heat. When hot, spray with cooking spray and reduce heat to medium-low. Drop 1/4 cupfuls of batter, slightly flattening them with the back of a spoon and cook a few minutes or until golden. Turn and cook the other side until golden. Set aside, and repeat with the remaining batter.
Does it make it you feel like a kid when you go on the merry-go-round? I like it! It is fun, well, it does get dizzy after a while. I need to sit down after that. All in good fun.
Maybe I have been guilty of this, and if so I apologise. Not for bullying but for insulting you with a low form of wit. You deserve more. You deserve a well crafted and structured joke. Beer snobbery like all forms of snobbery is intrinsically ridiculous and snobbery has a long history of being ridiculed. From the wonderful “Keeping up Appearances” to “Dad’s Army”, the self set up of the snob via their own conceits followed by their downfall as reality bites has been a comedy narrative with origins that predate television or even the music hall. You dear reader deserve something of that calibre and rest assured I am busy working on it.
Well, BabyRub, Tylenol, Ibuprofen, NyQuil, lots of fluids and hot baths.... Yep, we had it all; fever, dehydration and chills. Thank goodness it's OVER!
It's an odd coincidence that one of other songs that I think rivals the absolute perfection of "Eight Miles High" has the word "miles" in its title. I'm speaking of the The Who's "I Can See For Miles," of course.
5. Peanut butter: the only thing that made this bread acceptable. I have to put so much peanut butter to cover it up, its not worth it.
The underlying themes of oppression and revolution: This is one area where losing the first person narrative of the novel is an advantage. Director/writer Gary Ross and the writing team (that included Collins) actually go beyond the events of the first novel by cross-cutting scenes of unrest in District 11, backstage elements of the Games emphasizing how the gamemakers think, and interactions between President Snow and Head Gamemaker Seneca Crane. Where the novel, due to the first person narration, is Katniss-centric to the point of not fully developing things that Katniss and readers will have to be caught up on in the second book, the film does an excellent job of preparing viewers for what is to come in the next installments. It also ramps up the stakes of what is happening in the arena and how Katniss’ naive and heroic acts are seen as rebellious.
My personal struggle to decide if how when why and where I might believe there is a God (or are many gods) or whatever one might want to come to believe is, according to one friend and mentor, the most important aspect of my mental/spiritual/emotional – whatever part of me – life and has been since I first doubted that my “giving my life to Christ” in junior high school was possible (was there a Christ to give my life to?) or desirable (if it is my life, why should I give it) or knowable (if there is a Christ who is part of divinity, how can I possibly know what my human mortal relationship to him is). If I were of the same intellectual prowess of, say, St. Augustine of Hippo (see my previous post) and knew all about Plato and Socrates, and the earliest Church Fathers, I might have the ability at least to formulate these questions in a way that would shed both light and heat on the dilemma of my deciding not to eat beef simply as the path of least resistance instead of making life decisions based on information, reason, or at least intuition.
The year is 2012. The wheels of commerce, globalisation and technology have opened the world up for us. Compared to the 1920’s where our grandparents lived in small communities made up of people from the same race and religion, the world we now know is very different. Through all these open channels, we have become part of one big community, and it seems as if non-conformity is the key. When we look around now, it has almost become the norm to see couples from different backgrounds and children of mixed parentage.
I've just consulted my writing diary (not half so grand as it sounds) and this week I seem to have given myself a lot of submission deadlines. However bearing in mind my new mantra to be hypercritical on myself that might get whittled down while I review endings etc.
It was my first bocadillo de calamares (a traditional Spanish sandwich) and I loved it! Mmmm just the right amount of salty and greasy to leave you feeling satisfied at the end. La Casa Rua, just outside of Plaza Mayor in the center of Madrid, has some of the most famous bocadillos de calamares in the city. Its also such a great because you get to watch the man coat all the calamares in batter and fry them. Muy rico.
WalkenTalken is long Zynga at 8.60.
Too Much Of Anything
Holiday Shopping
Raise you hand if you've ever tried quinoa. What? You've never heard of it? Well, let me tell you a little about it. Pronounced keen-wah, it is a grain, usually used as a side dish. Quinoa looks similar to couscous, but is cooked like rice. (2-1, water to grain ratio) It's good for you, too. It's actually a complete protein source.
Humidity: 15-30%
One argument against outlining is that it takes the surprise out of things. I haven’t found that to be true, even with my seventeen-page whopper by my side. The characters and plot have surprised me several times, sometimes in major ways. It may be a good idea to leave some things vague, though. You can just write the Monkey Princess broke out of the castle, you don’t need to outline exactly how she blew a hole in the wall with the bomb concealed in her crown and swam across the moat. Less is more sometimes, especially if you want some explosive surprises. Just make sure you have your major plot elements down.
( Ten Little Indians)
One simple and cost effective (aka cheap) technique that I love to use indoors is window light. Window light provides more natural results and can be controlled or diffused very easily with what you have around the house. If the light is not exactly what you are looking for you can diffuse / control the light by using curtains, blinds, or paper.
Do you have a word?
Ok, Universe. So here I am, going on about how I should try to be nicer to people – so you send me someone – a lonely, friendless person – to be nice to, and AM I nice to her?? Not very.
- Margherita
1/4 cup beef stock
All in all I have to say I am so grateful for my amazing mom that kept Preston day and night and let me be the best mom I could be to Porter. I am so grateful for all of the friends that brought over dinner that week, and for all the sweet phone calls and text message. If there is one thing i know for sure, it is that we are so blessed and so loved.
Our household finances remained tight, but Mickey was being built up on the inside, where a man's identity lives. He got a job offer a week for the first six weeks of the year.
Sharing your story and feelings while hearing from others and connecting with women who understand what you are going through is a great way to building this invaluable support system. I think when you lose someone you love, there is always a part of you that is missing but I believe having this kind of connection and support can also help you heal.
As for me and Derek, we are stretching and growing closer in so many ways. We have never walked so closely and been in such desperate need of our Father. Derek is caring and very sweet, dedicated and loyal, tender and funny, a man that I never thought I would end up with. He is a gift. He challenges me and through this journey of faith and obedience, God has used Derek to teach me a lot! And praise the Lord!, we had our first real date the other night in a LONG time! It took 2 babysitters, but it was SOOOO worth it! Thank you Jessica and Juli...what a gift you are to us and our children!
- 2 medium tomatoes, skinned and chopped (I didn't bother skinning them)
So, I think it started as a dream. I was working in a security team in my old school, but it was a new building, completely rebuild, yet it had the old layout before the refurbishment intact, still the corridors led to new rooms and stairs were there were no stairs before. Like in a dream, actually. Everything is the same, yet different, yet still the same.
Dear Cerly Grace,
He also said he dined each day as would a king. He basically said he had no problem except for hearing the screams of his abductor’s victims. He said he was living the good life there if not for the screams of those being tortured and killed before him.
Sorry..couldn't resist.
Cricut Straight from the Nest cart.
But most recently, we have had birds again. This time they are roosting in the newspaper slot of our mailbox. This is the fourth year they have set up home there despite Eric repeatedly removing nests (before they lay eggs - if there are eggs, we leave it alone like any good Samaritan) and despite blocking the entrance to the box. Trust me they are persistent little buggers.
I now have a new camera. One of these photos was taken with the new one, and one with the old (which I'm now calling the Security Blanket Camera). I'm happy using both as I learn my way and how my camera influences my style and what I'm capable of capturing images of. I know I'll need more lenses to do what I want to do but already I can see the quality of photos improve from having a larger sensor. I love being able to control the depth of field, something I was never able to do before.
#26 nourishing food
Below are two FOTD’s with the two blushes. Unfortunately, one seems to have been taken with sunlight while the other just daylight so they’re different hues. Hope it helps anyway.
That's when the 'water shampoo' comes in. Just pretend there are big fat suds in your hands and just scrub your head and rinse well. Yep, that's it. I know you will hate it at first, but give yourself a month and you will LOVE the results on your hair!
Point 1. Eviatar claims a steady schedule is essential. This includes times of the week you always write, as well as times of the day. So far so good. He also writes that you need to honor your own needs. Writing is not like turning on a switch and some amount of warm up is a good idea. He suggests looking at email, making coffee, or whatever else “sets the mood.”
From the Hinds House website:
Everything is growing and changing constantly.
poet of her generation, perhaps
You're supposed to protect me, that's what parents do...
Even the Pookie is at an easier stage. He does still freak out when thwarted, but because he's able to say more and indicate more, it's much easier to get him what he is asking for, instead of him just screaming NO until we guess correctly.
In future, most cases could be settled by a judge sitting alone.
(18) John McCloskey, Coadjutor of New York
I graduated high school in the summer of last year and I decided to take a year off. Well, I planned on taking some time off, but you know how these things go, it ended up being a year. I was just so sick and tired of having to deal with people who were completely and utterly not worth my time. Walking down a hall full of people you despise is not exactly the best way to spend most of your years. All that time I spent after high school, I made peace with the fact that I’m just gonna have to deal with the fact that we all share our world with a bunch of twats and I know that the entire human population isn’t the same.
Director : George Gallo
In 1852 he took a position as consul to Trieste, Italy (then a part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire).
233300 Nonresidential building construction
I'll be back laters to add my card to any challenges it may fit but for now here's the finished thing!
- Apple unveiled this weird iTunes Music Store idea (it'll never work..);
The truth is that it is by accepting our sending that we find life in all its fullness. Accepting it without complaining, accepting it without grumbling, accepting it as God’s grace to us. Too often we moan that there are too few of us, or two few doing all the jobs, or complaining that people don’t see things the same way as we do. In these circumstances, if our church life feels like a burden then perhaps we haven’t determined our sending. Once we have stopped running away, stopped fearing that we will be taken, blessed, broken and given to others, then we wonder why we ran in the first place.
The following are some of the criteria that will be taken into account:
Schumer: Justice Scalia said the federal
Nate: Yeah, Daddy likes whatever me and Georgia likes.
You'll have to speak up, I'm wearing a towel.
13. My mother taught me: THE CIRCLE OF LIFE.
Agencies like to flatter themselves that what they do is so proprietary, their processes so innovative, that spilling the beans will cause them "irreparable damage and financial loss and hardship."
For awhile now I've been trying to think of a little present I could make for our grandchildren for Valentine's Day. I wanted to make something that would remind them of my husband and I, so I naturally gravitated to something that would hold them, hug them, and keep them warm -- just like us.
Best Furniture. In the 13 years I have lived here, I have only been in there one other time.
Zombies on the other hand can be seen as manifestations of the id. Zombies are dim-witted, staggering louts, poor conversationalists. They are anonymous, remorseless, endless in number, viral. They are all about self-gratification, excess, engorgement, acquisition of more. And oddly, any organized authority is unable to stop them. Zombies are only defeated by a rag tag band of individuals teaming up together to wipe our their scourge - one gore-spattered shotgun blast at a time. What better Zombie movie has there ever been than George Romero's Dawn of the Dead where a shopping mall is the common ground. Zombies frantically search for food in a lusty frenzy while the living are holed up, determined to cling to their last outpost of humanity? A cinematic Zombie timeline is here.
I am very much looking forward to seeing the place for myself as it is a fascinating area. Wine has been made here since the early nineteenth century, but in the past it was almost solely vitis labrusca, the indigenous type of North American vine, rather than vitis vinfera, the European strain of vine used for wine.
* ¼ teaspoon ground ginger
“She was born with her eyes closed and a word on her tongue, a word she could not taste. Her name was Anidori-Kiladra Talianna Isilee, Crown Princess of Kildenree, and she spent the first years of her life listening to her aunt’s stories and learning the language of the birds, especially the swans. And when she was older, she watched as a colt was born, and she heard the first word on his tongue, his name, Falada.
Fortunately, Mr Boswell's grandson had access to a shotgun and knew what to do with it.
Outback Steakhouse is an American casual dining restaurant chain based in Tampa, Florida with over 1200 locations in 22 countries throughout North and South
Sunshine ted
This makes him sad.
The winners prize will be added when Ang our Team Leader is able to add it to this post but it will be worth the wait.
Looking back, she was ill-prepared for the storm and its aftermath. She felt that she got off extremely lucky walking away with “just a few scratches” to her body.
½ cup onions, finely chopped
Yesterday, however, The Loosh was quiet and nervous. That's normal behavior for him on the first day -- it's the second day through the last day of school that everything really goes to hell.
Thurow’s goal in the first two-thirds of his article is to present a robust version of a religious belief debunking argument based on the by-product theory. I introduced his first version in the previous entry. Things seemed to be going well for this version: it had been challenged from a couple of different directions and appeared capable of withstanding the assault.
Unfortunately, when many people are doing their best to promote understanding, some organisations are engaged in small circles, hindering the country’s opening up policy and progress. For example, a total of 76 Malay non-governmental organisations formed a consultative council, Majlis Perundingan NGO Melayu (MPM), to oppose Najib’s opening-up economic measures. They vowed to defend Malay rights and Islam in the country. In fact, many organisations in the country are narrow-minded.
It would be nice to think that the banking business had learned something from this history, but clearly it hasn’t. However, what did it do on the 37 other occasions in recent times when the sovereign borrowers went belly-up?
This is what Marissa chooses to Believe. It is what I choose to believe.
Appellation: Stellenbosch
‘”You’re nice.”, he said looking at my eyes as if he meant it. The music was turning softer and without realizing, I was dancing to the slow tunes.
I've finally got my head around this weeks challenge at Less is More.... a one layer card that must include doodling by your own fair hands... I think the gasp was heard all around the country on Saturday morning!!!
Bearing, for freedon's sake, an alien yoke;
Within the month, you will be done with college. You will be kicked out of your cozy dorm room and, for the first time in your 22 years on this planet, you will be forced to completely fend for yourself. You will find yourself without the amenities that you have had in college, instead replaced with thousands of dollars of student loan debt, a degree in art history that only qualifies you for a job as a bagboy at the local Piggly Wiggly, and an understanding of the proper way to cook Ramen noodles.
Uh?
Wow, what a story!
Pete and I don’t get all that much time with just the two of us. We used to have date nights once a month, but have moved to a town where there is just not too much scope for places to go on a date night, and somehow that has fallen by the wayside (**note to self, reinstate date night!!)
I’ve been to England a few times
When M asked me if I would be willing to make her wedding cake (and favor later on), I immediately said yes. Not because it's a challenge (this would be my second time), but how can I say no when it's your good friend who's getting married? This is the least thing I can do to show how happy and excited I am about their marriage.
- Aluminum foil 25' – 50' 2 for $6.00 (Alcan)
He knows us.
Anyone besides me feel like ridin’?
so we are getting a move on and starting to assemble things this week!
This is the America that was won for us by the nation’s Founders, and earned for us by the Greatest Generation. It is the America that has produced the most innovative, most productive, and the most powerful economy in the world.
* Norfolk, where cuts of nearly £7m this year have led to charges for using day services and a reduction of £500,000 on spending on independent living for mental-health patients;
And finally, my favorite photo of J17 from pre-prom last night:
And so, from the dark headiness of the spice alleys we re-emerged into the bright sunshine and the larger streets and caught a water taxi across the Creek to the oldest part of town beyond. The water was bustling with small vessels and on the short journey across we spotted a traditional looking restaurant with large wooden balcony overlooking the watery scene, so this was where we headed once we'd disembarked. A relaxed lunch ensued with a large selection of mezze, salads and breads washed down by an avocado smoothie (no alcohol here).
Deanna Sellyeh – I picked up a hitchhiker near Mill Bay who gave me a Curious George fridge magnet as a thank-you. I suppose that's more of a gift than find, but it's my favourite object from the Greater Victoria Area. This was in 2007, after my first year of design school.
J.L. Comeau – Taking Care of Michael
In Singer’s defense, he admits there are differences between the two scenarios…however the difference he sees are definitely not the ones I’m see.
painted toes
How was your weekend? Mine was...well...I guess exhausting is the nicest way to put it. You see, our family was supposed to go out of town this weekend to celebrate my grandmother's 80th birthday. Towards the end of last week the baby had several rough nights in a row. He woke up pretty bad on Friday morning so we made the game-time decision that my husband would stay home with the baby.
Stay Blessed!
the impact; now think of the tide-swell,
Still, even when I get it wrong and stumble through life as a girls’ mom, I’ve learned to love pink and purple, rock the dress-up games, clap big at their ballet performances, and snuggle them close at least once a day to tell them how I think they’re so beautiful outside, but more importantly inside where it really counts.
They fought for us and all our rights,
I like to check my stat counter now and then. It's fun to see what keywords people use in their Google searches that bring them to my blog. Here are a few from this week...
4. The RSPO DOES NOT provide a credible means of verifying that palm oil is being sourced responsibly. Responsibility for certification is passed onto to external bodies that are easily influenced by vested interests and corruption. Worse still, the RSPO allows certified sustainable palm oil to be mixed with oil from other sources, making a mockery of the entire system.
Travellers from the great spaces
See Aryeh Deri above.
I can't believe my precious baby girl is eight years old! It seems like yesterday I was rocking my little peanut in my arms. She has blossomed into such a beautiful, sweet, and tender hearted little lady.
Once you have a theme, all you really need is Google. Just type in your theme (example: Tangled Rapunzel party) and list all the ideas you find that would work for your party. Make sure to bookmark any tutorials or photos you might need later. Narrow your lists down to one invitation, a few activities, one or two 'entertainment' ideas, a few favors if you want them, and a reasonable amount of food and decorations.
Over the decades, relationships formed at the Emerson branch that would change lives forever.
But I still have a long way to go. Baby steps.
Live your life. Be weird. And crush the cardboard that binds you!
experience and education attainment.
2 tablespoons minced onion
Grabbed a photo in the library for a different background.
Piet Retief’s Manifesto.
These are the words spoken to Jeremiah by the Lord. Jeremiah was very uncertain about the call he had received from God to go and speak to the nations. What you may not realize is that Jeremiah was a very shy man. He did not look at himself and see a great speaker. He certainly did not see himself as someone who would go out and speak the word of God to masses of people…especially people that did not have any regard for God or His ways whatsoever. Jeremiah would have been content to keep doing what he was doing…he would have been happy for God to have left him alone. I can just hear Jeremiah muttering under his breath, “Lord,I don’t know why you gave me this assignment. I didn’t ask you for an assignment. I’m not even qualified to do this. I don’t know what You’re thinking. This is going to be a disaster.” Jeremiah may have felt very overwhelmed and underqualified for the task at hand, but what he didn’t know was that God had planned this since before he was even in the womb. Everything in Jeremiah’s life was divinely orchestrated to lead him to this moment. God did not just wake up one morning and decide that Jeremiah was going to be a prophet…He knew it before time even began. He knew all of Jeremiah’s weaknesses and inabilities…He knew his limitations and his qualifications. And He knew that Jeremiah was the one He wanted! The same is true for you and me! Before we were in the womb, God knew us! He set us apart for very specific works before we were even born. Everything He has allowed to happen in our lives has been divinely orchestrated by Him to prepare us for the work He wants us to do. We, like Jeremiah, may have a list of reasons why we can’t possibly do what God is calling us to do, but we must remember that in God’s hands, our weaknesses become strengths…our can’ts become cans…our inabilities become abilities! We have to learn that it is God’s responsibility to enable us to do the work He calls us to do…our only responsibility is to say “Yes” to His call. So, what is God calling you to do today? What have you been putting off because you don’t feel prepared to do it? What have you been giving God a list of excuses about? It’s time to realize that you are prepared, you are capable, and you can accomplish what He calls you to do! Say “Yes” to God and let Him worry about the rest!
Finally with a deep sigh, I choose to be a purist and stay on the trail. A soft voice behind me speaks, “That darned integrity thing again.”
…Okay, I’m back. Whenever I see the the word “faithful” words like “loyal”, “devoted”, and “obedient” come to my mind, and those words tend to make me uneasy, because even after I received Jesus as my personal Savior and Lord many many years ago I could never claim those titles as my own. There have been times when I walked more loyally, devotedly, and obediently than at other times…but have I ever made it through a day where I was 100% loyal, devoted, and obedient? No, I haven’t.
Did any of those hit close to home? Think about the people who you converse with on a regular basis, do they fall in to one of those categories? Which one are you? The majority of the time we will fall in to a single category but often we find ourselves dabbling in each of them throughout our conversations. If reading any of those descriptions made you feel uncomfortable about your listening skills do not be alarmed. When I first heard those I was shocked as I discovered that at one point or another I had been all four and to this day I still make a conscious effort while listening to stay away from any of those negative habits.
Shorter title? "I'm going to go play in traffic now."
Here's This Diamond Ring by Nancy Sit With The Blue Lake Combo on Po-Lo 3053 from 1966:
into the garden early one morning
Six months later, Raina heard from a close friend of Richie’s that Laila had found out that she’d seduced her boyfriend. Turns out Richie had exaggerated the events of the day, suggesting that Raina was a bad friend to Laila and wanted him for herself. Both ladies stopped talking to one another and their friendship never recovered. Riana never bothered explaining the situation to her friend, she was hurt by the fact that Laila severed all ties with her without even asking her – clearly their friendship was disposable and insignificant. A couple of years later after Laila and Richie split up and all three friends went their separate ways.
I dunno. I'm not real computery. I just type out words. How they show up on my page is a mystery to me.
“Here. Let me read it to you.”
In my class you hear a lot of this:
CIGNA said no thanks and pulled out, taking the cheaper deal with it.
I’m nearing the end of my second week here. I’ve finished my first round of interviews and I’m quite happy with the results so far. The respondents were knowledgeable on the subject, and confirmed each others answers. I’m now on my way to Hang Yen province to talk with some local government officials and potato farmers and traders.
DAMIEN: Didn’t the horsie already have a name?
I want to ‘Reflect on our sin’, ‘Reflect on the sacrifice’ and ‘Reflect on the Son’.
This is a consistent policy of siding with the leftists, siding with the Marxists, siding with those who don’t support democracy, not standing up for our friends in Colombia, not standing up for our friends who want to engage and support America, who want to be great trading partners and great allies for our country, to be able to form that kind of bond that is so essential in our own hemisphere.
There was a salsa lesson. I made an attempt, but my belly proves to make me a little off kilter and the 'swinging of my Cuban hips' (yes, that's what the girl said in the video) was a little challenging. So, you see me sitting as I watched the video and my church ladies swing what the good Lord gave them.
561420 Telephone call centers (including telephone answering services & telemarketing bureaus)
The Cyclops website also talks of how those selling beer can benefit from the system, to help familiarise them with the drinks they are serving. But if I felt that the staff at an inn or a beer retail outlet were informing me of a beer based merely on a standard formula of graphics and adjectives, I reckon I might feel a little miffed. Particularly when I could have learned that much myself from the Cyclops information printed on the pump clip or the bottle label.
My thoughts turned to nature study. We had stopped keeping our nature notebooks up to date a couple of years ago. Moving house, renovations and our work with our church and home study filled our days now, and taking the time with our nature journals had been crowded out. We still went for walks and observed a great number of nature wonders. We still enjoyed picnics, and swimming at the beach. We went on many camping and kayaking adventures. And simply being out-of-doors watching, noticing and sharing what we saw with each other still kept us in touch with thinking, and wondering and observing. In some ways I guess you could call it filling up the nature notebook in our heads with memories.
Is it too much to ask as you step away to the ice box for another ice pack. To step back a minute before you put you hand on the worn out handle and ask Why? Why am I always getting injured?
"We have a chain of command here, George. You see a Winchester, you don't eat him! You tell me, and *I* eat him!" She's so over-the-top and yet so natural at it.
Heat a tava until red hot.
Los Angeles CA 90071
Other - Hexagon pattern from GS 107 Class, Flowers, button and twine from Stash, MME Lush Journaling Tags.
I have a few negative flower diecut from previous projects. So I utilized the Basic Grey Paper (Piccadilly and Hello Luscious) and cut them into strips, arrange them to create the flowers.
It is well-documented — and grudgingly admitted by the press themselves — that journalists in Norway as well as in neighboring Sweden and Denmark are considerably more left-leaning in their ideological views and political sympathies than is true of the general population. In fact, judged by the data I have seen, this strong left-wing media bias exists throughout most of the Western world, not just in the Scandinavian or Nordic countries. If this allegation is correct, this represents a major systemic problem for Western societies.
over the sponge-like carcass he has sloughed.
This should be a red flag for any product or solution, whether digital or analog, that isn’t minimally complex. If you’re making the customer do any extra amount of work, no matter what industry you call home, you’re now a target for disruption. Because of the Internet’s scale and the speed of change in the world, the Innovator’s Dilemma has mutated over the years into a pernicious, methodically destructive force, leaving any company that is even the slightest bit more cumbersome, costly, or inefficient to be beat out by a newer, more streamlined competitor.
So, yes, we are an Elf on the Shelf house. (Boo, hiss) I know. I felt a few years ago it was a great idea. Now it is very mainstream. And even cliche, but it really works for a disagreeable tot. So Michael believes this sweet little elf, which he named Peter Elf, flies to the North Pole and gives Santa a dissertation on Michael's manners and Dylans's white-hot temper. And if they have been good, every morning they will find candy in their little Advent Calendar and will find Peter Elf in a new location in the house continuing to judge if the boys are going to make the 'nice' list this year.
Although the authors aren’t Head’s psychiatrists, a little more background on the psychology of pathological lying, also known as pseudologia fantastica, would have been useful. Are the spinners of complex imaginary worlds always so hard to spot? The book contains no information on other spectacular hoaxes (Robin Hemley’s “Invented Eden: The Elusive, Disputed History of the Tasaday” comes to mind), nor reference to any books, such as Lauren Slater’s “Lying: A Metaphorical Memoir,” that attempt to penetrate the mind-set of the compulsive liar. Such context could help flesh out a tale about a character whose motivation remains shadowy.
You see, I think about this kind of epidemic quite often. How would I cope with Armageddon? Would I be strong enough to survive? I'm not sure if I am physically fit enough to run from or fight off a pack of zombies. I really need to get into shape. It isn't just about losing weight but it is more about becoming strong. I want to be strong in every sense of the word: mentally, emotionally, spiritually and physically.
My sweet husband does a great job of picking up on hints I so cleverly drop.
6pm: Denounced my Irish roots for not bringing me luck in the form of back pain relief and made Mexican food for dinner.
Doctor Yes, that’s right. How did you know?
I spent the rest of the weekend at the show feeling sorry for myself not winning any of the very nice raffle baskets, filled to the brim with tasty quilting treats, that were raffled off every hour. The basket of all baskets is the second to the last basket raffled on the last day...it is the coveted VENDOR'S BASKET. This is where all the vendors at the show pony up merchandise to stuff a basket with. It's also the basket where people drop in an entire strip of 30 tickets, instead of just one or two.
Jean Ray Laury: Getting It All Together Through September 2-
-Miegakure: The only game Antichamber didn’t slap. It’s a reasonably simple platform/puzzler with the twist that you can move in 3 dimensions, but swap out one dimension with a 4th spatial dimension. So basically, you can travel through time/walls by moving through a dimension we don’t normally see. Like if you were a 2D person, the fact that a 3D person can’t be stopped by a circle would be weird. In Miegakure you get to experience what it feels like to look at 3 dimensional beings trapped in a cube and go “haha dicks just step around the walls”. Super cool.
I have fast become an expert in all things Jude, and what I don’t know, I make up/learn along the way. Take yesterday for example. After a few errands, we made our last stop at the grocery store. Instead of pushing him in his stroller–which has limited space for our purchases–I decided to put him in the front of the shopping cart. At the last minute, while unbuckling him from his car seat, I opted to leave his pacifier behind because I think it inhibits his babbling, and I’d like to slowly wean him from the habit.
In her womb this truth was shown:
My doppelgänger cures the cold,
And I
Lucy Monroe's "Who's Been Sleeping in My Brother's Bed" starts us off. Danusia has a little trouble at her apartment that requires getting a new door. Instead of getting a hotel room she packs up her thesis research and heads to her brother's empty apartment.
Vermont
I’m one of those gals that collects paint color sample cards anytime I’m anywhere that has them. We do use a lot of paint, including for Christopher’s paint jobs. He does beautiful custom faux paint creations in the homes of his followers. He does extremely artistic work, and he always warns his customers they are hiring an artist, not a commercial painter…which is really important, he takes way longer than a commercial painter would take, lol.
I would like to know more.
"I can't leave the house right now. It snowed yesterday in DC and Hannity is making fun of Al Gore."
Grandma was a hands on person, she showed her love by serving. For a time she worked in the V.A. hospital treating old soldiers with respect, cheering them up with her ever-present smile, washing their old tired bodies and keeping them comfortable. For years she watched over and took tirelessly care of my grandfather when he was battling Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s disease. I remember one time she went over to my other grandmother’s house, Grandma Shultz was wheelchair bound at the time, and gave her a decent bath. Humility and love was wrapped up in her tall, fair-skinned, Norwegian body.
That’s it. We’re using the KISS (Keep It Simple Stupid) theory. There won’t be any flashy lights, bells or whistles, just a simple plan to change as many lives as possible.
10/21 Omaha, NE @ Sokol Underground
Note: If you are using the deep fry method heat oil to a nice high temperature and add the chicken and after a minute reduce to low and continue frying till both sides become brown and crispy. When it is almost time to take chicken out of the oil add the curry leaves, grated coconut and sliced ginger.
Unfortunately the sun gave way to light showers so our barbecue was moved inside.
there is waiting for a phone
The Car: The Heart of America
It will be up to us to turn the economy around, establish conditions for free and fair elections in two years' time, and to try and heal the country, now more deeply divided than ever.
Featuring talented songwriters from around the globe, the Songsalive!
by her shrill pals,
Well I'm frustrated. I wrote this post last night, did all the links and it didn't go live, in fact when I checked it didn't exist, grrrrrrrrr. Been another long night, I did venture to the gym straight from work, so well done me. I then walked from the gym to Sainsburys which is only about a 7 minutes walk, to get some coke but they had buy one get one free, so I ended up with 4 lots of 8 cans and a couple of other bits. It was at the point of leaving the shop that I wished I had driven, lol. So an hour's session and two dead weights followed by my gym bag over my shoulder and handbag, ummmmmmmm, definitely punishment. Then I had to pop by my Mum's who is misbehaving for the Carers and whilst there I get a call from my Daughter who was scrapping with my Son over Chips! Seriously, is this my life, lol.........
Looking for the regious dream
Lincoln, Craig. Personal interview. 2 April, 2012. Professor of Physics at St. Louis Community College – Meramec.
Cost: $75.00*Includes a three course lunch, plus a signed copy of Lessons From A Girl’s Best Friend
10. Aerodynamics of Gender: Number 10 was a big debate for me between this episode and Critical Film Studies. Ultimately, though, this one could never not make my top 10 list, for one simple reason: trampoline. The trampoline plot had me laughing the entire time. It’s so perfectly simple: Jeff and Troy find a trampoline, feel happy, and then Pierce destroys it. The twist at the end is funny just for coming out of nowhere, but they manage to add onto the ridiculousness of it with “It’s gonna be a maze.” The A-plot in this episode was fine, but the B-plot is what made this one a great episode.
...Trese is definitely from the same mold as Hellblazer, just as it’s writer Budjette Tan is channelling equal parts Jamie Delano and Warren Ellis and artist Kajo Baldisimo does some impressive black and white work somewhere on a scale of Frank Miller and Eduardo Risso. But there’s a lot of other influences in there as well – is it just my prejudices or can I see Alan Davis as well?
Anyway, hopefully normal service will soon be resumed.
I had been on my knees washing the floor when the door bell rang, this was odd, I never got visitors. I thought that it was probably a sales man, so I left it but when the door bell continued to ring I had let the curiosity get the best of me. Stopping in the hall to make sure my makeup had not faded I walked to the door and opened it. There standing in the door was Jamie, Jamie with her long black hair, petit form, and her usual vibrate lips. I felt a warm smile; a real smile, spread across my lips. “Geez Jamie, you should have let me know you were coming to town.” I jokingly scolded her.
With the start of 2010, the solar Light Energies caused pains and pressure in one area in the left (from the old 3D system of duality–female) side of my head/skull. My entire scalp and skull felt bruised and was sore constantly. The previous and familiar “Ascension Flu” solar symptoms had eased considerably with some of them gone entirely, but in 2010 it was painfully clear they were now focused in my/our heads, brains, and brain glands (Pituitary and Pineal primarily). With the larger solar flares/CME in 2010, 2011, and 2012 my body still experiences chills like when you have a fever, but my head has hurt with tremendous inner pains and pressures (not “headaches”) nearly constantly. Even though this head pain and pressure is constant it increases and diminishes in waves. The head pain is always there but sometimes much more painfully so than at other minutes, hours, days and nights.
Quelques cartes toutes en Crate Paper et des tampons SwissGirlDesigns.
The chickpeas are packed full of protein and fibre to keep you full and happy all afternoon long. This salad is also great served over a bed of kale or baby spinach if you’re feeling the need for some extra greens. Kale is robust enough to withstand the acidity of the dressing and tastes great marinated together overnight.
Ahead, the canal turned slowly North towards the brow above Federas. Rel blinked, squinting against the wind. There were three - four? No, five - women coming his way along the path. Four wore stout travelling dresses in brown and green, but the fifth looked to be wearing purple. An odd group, and an odd time to be leaving Federas, with the trap awaiting Van Raighan still unsprung. Unless they’d been lucky and he’d come early. Or something had gone wrong.
Mr Walker complied and drove into the car park. He parked outside the building in a space without any road markings or double-yellow lines.
Oh and the lock–in recent years, the lock tradition has become popular with couples–clipping a lock to a bridge, writing your name (or initials) on it and then throwing the key in the water. It’s supposed to be a symbol of eternal love or something. It’s kind of cool, but I know for the people who maintain these bridges, it’s a pain in the neck since they have to go around breaking off all these locks!
— Disarming a charge works in the same way but must be done by a defender (doh). It is also a slower process than setting it.
As a silly, tortured adolescent – a gaping vacuum of neediness and a spouting fountain of noise, my only goal in life was to mature. I didn’t dream of wealth or love. What I wanted was inner peace, charm, and calm. I wanted to know when to shut up, and to be able to do so. I wanted to be liked because I was helpful and supportive, and I wanted to not need admiration or attention.
I asked the seller if I could pay her but pick up the machine sometime later. She said sure, she needed the money.
As the image above might make you suspect, the first thing that leapt out at me was that the baguette, well, wasn’t. Shapewise, it was more akin to a bâtard; texturally, it was overcrisped and internally a bit insubstantial. Since I’m a bread purist, this was a major immediate strike against it. On the brighter side, several of the vegetables were just right: the carrots were well-pickled with the right sharpness and crunch, and the cucumber was a solid, substantial spear. There was no daikon among the pickles, alas, and the pork, although moist and flavorful, seemed to be a slightly gristly cut. The mayonnaise was extremely abundant, which together with the airy roll led to a fair amount of leakthrough, and it was a surprisingly sharp and spicy mayo, when compared to the often sweet sauce used elsewhere. The cilantro was present but only really as an afterthought, and I didn’t detect any of the telltale tang of fish sauce, either.
I'm thrilled with the results that all the people in my life are getting with the diet too. My dad is diabetic and has started the diet, and in only 11 days he says he feels better already and his joint aches are gone.
I always remembered a conversation I had once in the mid-80s, I don't know why it stays in my mind -- I said I thought a particular situation comedy was kind of -- I don't know, obnoxious, offensive, nasty -- and a friend of mine said emphatically, "That's the dirtiest show on television!"
Congratulations to you all! Be sure to come link up again and watch for the end of the month when the top three links from each week will face off in the final Head to Head Showdown! Until then, please grab a featured button!
6. Stress less.
Christian clergy and Muslim imams were executed.
Looking at the facility through educated eyes, we feel that it is a state of the art facility in many respects but it will be quite restrictive. GCCF will be classified as a medium custody facility.We understand what the goals are of the Department of Corrections and that security is the first priority. It is evident at GCCF. We feel that the facility will meet the needs of the offenders doing time at GCCF but on a scale that may not be geared toward rehabilitation.
Thanks so much for stopping by today! Have a wonderful weekend everyone!!
Writing report cards is a bitch without a computer.
“In light of the board’s history of consistently denying requests for commutations, my impression is that a hearing in my case would be nothing short of a dog and pony show,” Kemp wrote.
“O thou sword-storm stirrer,
Other players out on contract in the summer include Tom Soares, Andrew Davies, Big Mama, Ricardo Fuller (although he has been offered a one year contract) and Carlo Nash.
Palm served on the City Council and School Board and as Postmaster. He was an insurance agent, chief clerk at the State Treasury, and the meteorologist for the Texas Geological and Agricultural Survey, read at least five languages, and was an amateur archaeologist. He worked to set up Austin’s public water system and helped found the Swedish Evangelical Lutheran Church.
Hear the Lord in Isaiah 61. “I forgive you. I set you free.”
· Daniel Glass, founder and president, Glassnote Entertainment
Blushing again, he pulled himself off her as much as Sherim-wary prudence and her grip would allow. Still unable to see her, sight befuddled by the flapping of loose strings of Sherim, the task proved a challenge. Rel found he couldn't actually tell if he'd made the situation any better. Taslin wasn't letting go, either way.
Save pasta sauce jars and pickle jars to store food in in the fridge. When I studied abroad a few years ago, my friend and I did this out of necessity, but I never thought to do it once I returned home. You can even freeze food in these- just leave space for the food to expand.
So where is that money really going?
in the eastern sky
I am actually not adverse to this kind of partnership but it does always put me in a quandary about commercial publishers who decide to plough the furrows of self-publishing services, and whether it is because they truly see it as the shape of future publishing or simply see it as an answer to the latest economic global downturn. My own opinion if a publisher acts on the latter reason is that they see self-publishing in a very short-sighted way—in effect—they see it simply as a means to an end, rather than where self-publishing actually is. While self-publishing is not at the core of the publishing industry, it certainly has progressed enough to be considered a part—though small it may be—of the greater publishing industry.
My first blooms for my iris. I believe it is one of my cemetery iris collection. This is the first time it has ever bloomed for me even though I have had it a few years. I used to have a white one that boomed first but I transplanted it into a bad spot and all I get is foliage. It will be moved soon for next year.
From now on all generations will call me blessed,
4 TB mirin
No job is too big or too small if you have been called by God to accomplish it. I am not above sweeping & mopping up a dirty floor, unclogging a toilet, cooking food for a crowd and then doing all the dishes, etc. Romans 12:3 says “…do not think of yourself more highly than you ought”. Any job is worth doing when you are serving the Lord. Autograph your work with excellence.
Most of the time it's easy enough to just not think about it much - just go along with life, do what we can, be extremely disciplined about medicines and treatments. And persevere. And pray. Please join us in praying for our boy's continued wellness. And most of all for a cure, which still looks promising, and quite possibly could happen in his lifetime.
Miscellaneous activities... I have my Master Gardener class this evening. Last Thursday I took a tour of a fellow homesteaders garden and hen house land she looked at my greenhouse and seed starting system. I loved her method for growing tomatoes. She ties them in rows to a 6' tall pea trellis. No tomato cages to worry about falling over or to mess with at the end of the season. I may try it. I am also considering vermiculture. Amy of Homestead Revival has a great post about getting started and it even features a tutorial for constructing a worm compost bin with a few rubbermaids HERE. Check it out. I am not sure whether or not I can add this to my repertoire this season, but I hope to. That's it from my garden. What have YOU been up to this week???
Keep Shelly in Athens
Across the street from where we live is an empty plot of land. When we moved in, the land was barren; the usual desert natural landscape with a few desert shrubs and lots of tumbleweeds. Suddenly, there was activity with bulldozers, blades attached, merrily scraping the plot of land; leveling the surface. Right now there is silence, but, soon we will have a parade of construction workers, pouring, pounding and building.
Thanks much to Laura, her mom, Gabby, and Dave. Y'all made me happy today. That makes it easier to turn the page.....
I didn’t know what to say.
1992 to 1998
There are gremlins. They are real. Their job is to read anything I write here, then sneak into my head and rewire it so that I go the opposite direction of anything placed on teh interwebs for the world to see.
Last month I wrote a short piece for the RFW's A- Z Challenge with my heroine meeting a Texas Ranger. To read that story go here.
In honor of Mother's Day being Sunday I wanted to share this awesome article I read. So many things I want to remember to teach Sterling on character and how to be a good, kind, and giving person. I think even us adults can learn from it (heck I know I did).
I feel like I am going to be talking a lot about the birth in the next few months and I really hope I don't bore you all. It's just part of my preparation and excitement. Bare with me please :)
But on the other hand, I never have a problem coming up with some little pearl of wisdom I’ve figured out about life for my kids, or a well-thought out solution to a problem my husband presents to me, or even something to write about in my blog. My symptom has now become a full-fledged characteristic, but this little lesson has shown me not to think I’m the one accomplishing God’s work. He’s just using my weaknesses as He tends to do with all of His servants…
Not all roving will seem to have a direction – it depends on the machinery it was carded on, some tend to impart more direction than others. The wool/fibers involved may also affect it (what they are, how jumbled they are, how carded they are) So if it feels the same both ways, dive in, and see how it spins.
Back to my own spooky story for now.
But you live on a glittering stage, yes you do, yes you do.
John bare witness of him, and cried, saying, This was he of whom I spake, He that cometh after me is preferred before me: for he was before me. And of his fulness have all we received, and grace for grace. For the law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ. No man hath seen God at any time; the only begotten Son, which is in the bosom of the Father, he hath declared him.
Obama unloaded on Wall Street too. In 2009, Obama created the Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force and announced that its purpose was to hold “accountable those who helped bring about the last financial crisis as well as those who would attempt to take advantage of the efforts at economic recovery.”
in technicolor
Will and I met for the first time at a Georgetown University Career fair in the fall of 2008. Both Will and I call Georgetown our alma mater, and at the time of the career fair, I was a senior and Will was back on campus to recruit students to the Investment Bank he was working for. Will and I only chatted a few brief minutes and in that moment, neither of us could have ever guessed we were chatting with our future husband or wife. The universe can be
I am considering making a series of these ready-to-go centers with directions, a worksheet for practice and/or a grade, and a game to match for partners or independent practice, and the whole nine yards. Do you think people would want this? I am off to get a good night’s sleep! Have a great week!
Carrying a big stack of paper with you never looked so good.
Baby Milk Action has sent the following letter to the authorities who have separated Habiba from her daughter claiming that breastfeeding is "chaotic" and "damaging".
I know that with the extra time I have in the mornings, I could be going for a run or doing a bodyrock workout. But I’m not. And I’m NOT for two reasons:
For the announcement, we are doing a customer blog hop so you can check out all the new designers! I have created a sweet little wedding card using gorgeous Webster's Pages papers and Prima Marketing flowers. I adore how this turned out!
Friday was the last day of school and boy was it an emotional day fro me.. I never thought that I could love a job so much in my life! The kids all gave me my lst hugs of the school year as the skipped and leaped away to their fun little summer they are going to have...
Serving suggestions for Potato Latkes: a side of applesauce or sour cream and perhaps a plain, thick yogurt.
They started dance together
What it will do is make targets out of US Citizens around the world. Every action has an equal and opposite reaction. After someone is killed overseas, in the name of Allah, do you think Terry Jones will worry that the blood of that individual is on his hands?
This week I will look at the ability to synergize the three leading art forms into the ultimate form of expression pushing the boundaries of intellect and understanding for ever assimilating the arts into one transcendent mind trip?
When my dentist poked the tooth and I said, “Don’t,” he arranged for this root canal the very next day telling me I must see Dr. Bradley H. Gettleman of the three endodontists at the Westside Endodontic Professionals, Ltd. practice here in Glendale, Arizona because he was so personable that I would get on very well with him. After a rocky start due to my apprehension at having this procedure at all - I admit it, I was scared – we did get on well.
DISCLAIMER NOTICE: This article is intended for educational purposes only. It does not constitute legal advice in any way. If you want legal advice, and a wordy, rambling rebuttal of this article, and a dent in your wallet, go see a lawyer.
Kate and the gang are back and it's bloodier than ever with the war between magic and tech in full swing. Kate really tests her magical power in Magic Slays. You thought she was bad ass before? She is only getting better with each book.
Can you imagine living in a hot, dry town right on the ocean, but never going past the palm trees to get into the water? Me neither. I’m writing this with salty skin and sandy toes. Potrero is dreamy for someone who grew up spending summers turning into a prune and being called “little fish.” I started swimming when I was still a baby, and could barely move my chubby legs enough to get from the couch to the coffee table. Regardless, I plopped into every body of water that proved big enough to fit those chubby legs. Most likely because of this upbringing, one of the biggest shocks I encountered coming to this sleepy ocean town was that a vast majority of the women and children couldn’t swim.
And in the action thriller Collateral Jamie Foxx’s outer desire (two of them, actually) is established in a whole scene: when Jada Pinkett Smith gets into his cab for a short ride, their wonderful, sparkling, chemistry-laced dialogue not only reveals to us his dream of running a limo company (OUTER DESIRE), but also shows him developing a powerful new Inner and Outer Desire: He wants her (OUTER DESIRE ), but more than that: he wants to be a man worthy of her (INNER DESIRE). Which is so often the case in a love story or love subplot. And the way he can become a man worthy of her is to stop dreaming about the limo company and DO IT.
….now now….I’m not talking about ‘that’!! However…no seriously…
The wall has been plastered.
Could you cope without your sight?
One doubt nauseous undulating like a snake, crawl’d on the ground
cream cheese into the brownie batter and getting it spread as far to the sides of the pan as possible. Then drizzle the remaining brownie batter on top of the cream cheese mixture – I try to make parallel lines – and take a knife and run it across the lines to create a marble pattern.
God is Light, and there is no darkness at all in Him! Amen!
What I love about this film are the characters. Drew Barrymore is as cute as ever or should I say, cute lady with a foul-mouth. Her boy-toy, Justin Long, marked this film as his leading man debut. We cannot deny the chemistry between the two. C’mon, the kissing scenes with tongue, who does that? Most films fake kissing scenes, that is, without tongue, but they dated so I guess it’s okay.
Monday morning at 11:00 am my phone rang. I'm not embarrassed to say I was still kind of asleep as last weekend had really worn me out. I saw the number was from our agency and I thought it would have to do with a previously presented situation and working out the specifics of a child we had already agreed to accept into our home.
Tools: Martha Stewart "Valentine lace" edge punch; Memory Box heart edge die; classic heart nestability.
General Thanksgiving
The ohiomediawatch.com domain will now redirect to the WordPress site. That's a change we just put in, and it may take a while to make its way through the Internet.
My personal motto became something along the lines of: "Throw it overboard."
Image - SCACD stamped in Memento Ink and Colored with Copics, Inky Antics Cloud Template for Background of Image
My daughter recently began a new job. It’s similar to the job she’s held for the last 4.5 years, but it’s different, too. She works retail, and has moved to a feed and ranch store. Similar, but different than the job she’s been doing.
Robin and I searched out many works of art in Rome, including The Ecstasy of Saint Theresa by Bernini. It's a beautiful piece of work, but I think we can all agree Saint Theresa is in full-on orgasm mode. Reading the description only heightens the sexiness -- how she had a vision of being visited by an angel, something about "a thrusting arrow repeatedly piercing" her, her profound "intercourse with God," and -- oh never mind the words, just look at her face:
OU: I got this CD set way back in 2003. It was released under the title "The Day The Earth Stood Still". I have included some scans of the cover.
DSG eschews diplomacy as a viable alternative in favor of a military response to international tensions with a reduction in the need for ‘boots on the ground’ while relying on an increase in a leaner, meaner new generation of remote-powered guilt-free drones, the weapon that Ron Paul suggests are unconstitutional, and more agile, flexible Special Op troops.
Fox wasn’t a huge fan of some of the pieces in the Push Play invitational (meaning that many artists donated their work to this exhibit), but I found a lot of it really moving. Of course, with modern art there is a risk that you’ll get that nagging thought of “I know I’m supposed to have feelings about this, but I don’t know what they’re supposed to be.” One of the most confusing, yet morbidly fascinating, pieces was one done by Anne Drew Potter of group of female children in a circle acting like animals, while one lone child turns away and stares into the distance.
Those who wrongly assume that government and administration is one and the same thing will have some difficulty in imagining a society without government. A society without administration would indeed be impossible since "society" implies that human beings organise themselves to provide for their needs. But a society without government is both possible and desirable. Socialism will in fact mean the extension of democratic administration to all aspects of social life on the basis of the common ownership of the means of production and distribution. There will be administrative centres but they will merely be clearing-houses for settling social affairs.
E and I played bubbles I blow, he pops (in theory)….but he didn’t move, instead he froze. There were so many bubbles he had stuttered movement and ended up not popping any. Cute, but not when life mimics his bubble popping, or lack of! Paralysed by indecision.
Dogberry’s misspeaking aside, The Villain of my nightmares is not going anywhere near redemption.
However we, the people, are also to blame for not knowing enough about the Constitution to challenge the unconstitutional spending that has long gone on. We’ve allowed ourselves to be lulled into a false sense of security and have allowed someone else (the politicians) to play the ‘expert’ and this is the result. The Constitution was not designed to create a mega government that is all things to all people and supports cradle to grave care. I don’t know about you, but I can barely afford gas for my car, and I surely can’t afford to continue to support the government’s spending of my income. I give to charity on my own.
What is placenta previa? If you’ve heard the word, you have probably figured out just from the word alone that it has something to do with the placenta. You are exactly right. Placenta previa occurs when the placenta attaches in the lower portion of the uterus instead of in the normal position in the upper more muscular portion of the uterus. Placenta previa is a frequent cause of bleeding during the second and third trimester of pregnancy
This blog is not about hiding in fantasy worlds…this blog is about bringing the inspiration from the crisp pages of fantastical tales into the magnificent world we live in.
Got our first Wii! Well, ok, it's not the first gaming system in our house, but we finally joined the rest of the world.
Hromnik also supports my own theory that a race of sea-faring people with a Hindu culture (Indians) from the Asian continent arrived on the east coast of Africa and Mosambiek in search of gold, and that these Asians used their own advanced technology (and superior minds) to design and build the various stone structures that have been discovered in the Mpumalanga region. Hromnik also wrote a book on the subject called, Towards a New Understanding of the History of Sub-Saharan Africa. More detailed notes and comments by these two gentlemen can be viewed online in the archives of Rapport. Take note that the report is written in Afrikaans.
Rudolph's Shiny New Year ... ABC Family ... 9 AM
glamour dust glitter paint - 'iridescent'
The branch was also coloured with markers - Chocolate Chip, Certainly Celery and Rose Red. The cage was stamped in Basic Black. The birdies were stamped with Rose Red ink.
02/24/2012 SELL 0.01 eurcad 1.34338 02/27/2012 1.33837 +5.04
Er... make that tonight.
At some point this month I reluctantly applied for a job I really didn’t want at a religious goods, gifts, and book store. To my horror, I actually was hired.
And The Award Goes To…Me! The numbing realization is finally beginning to give way to a full dance of joy around my house. What an honor! I received this wonderful surprise in my little pop out comment box. “I really love this pop out box!” First things first…
Anyway, maybe this is just me venting. Thanks anyway for the card Justin! I like it regardless of whether Chapman ends up on my fantasy team this year!
Daily newspaper Le Figaro crowed: ‘You couldn’t make it up! With sex, money and politics, this story is a journalist’s dream.’
These photos are kind of snippets of recent things (some more recent than others) that we've done, including a trip to the Hogle Zoo last weekend; a first for the kids and me!
And here it is, all sewn and pressed. The bottoms of the fronts want to curl under a little. Perhaps when I wear it, it won't be a problem. I have only made one previous jacket with this version of this pattern - the red wool with the black embroidery - and it doesn't have this problem. But the red wool is more substantial and heavier. I know I always have this problem with the square bottomed version of this pattern.
For the ordinary user like you and me, this can seem like a right royal pain in day-to-day use; it is. But the peace-of-mind and extra data security it gives you will be immeasurable on the day that one of those handy little memory sticks goes missing! AJS
In tropical climes there are certain times of day When all the citizens retire, to tear their clothes off and perspire. It's one of those rules that the greatest fools obey, Because the sun is much too sultry and one must avoid its ultry-violet ray -- Papalaka-papalaka-papalaka-boo. (Repeat) Digariga-digariga-digariga-doo. (Repeat) The natives grieve when the white men leave their huts, Because they're obviously, absolutely nuts -- Mad dogs and Englishmen go out in the midday sun. The Japanese don't care to, the Chinese wouldn't dare to, Hindus and Argentines sleep firmly from twelve to one, But Englishmen? detest a siesta, In the Philippines they have lovely screens, to protect you from the glare, In the Malay states there are hats like plates, which the Britishers won't wear, At twelve noon the natives swoon, and no further work is done - But Mad Dogs and Englishmen go out in the midday sun. It's such a surprise for the Eastern eyes to see, That though the English are effete, they're quite impervious to heat, When the white man rides, every native hides in glee, Because the simple creatures hope he will impale his solar topee on a tree. Bolyboly-bolyboly-bolyboly-baa. (Repeat) Habaninny-habaninny-habaninny-haa. (Repeat) It seems such a shame that when the English claim the earth That they give rise to such hilarity and mirth - Mad Dogs and Englishmen go out in the midday sun. The toughest Burmese bandit can never understand it. In Rangoon the heat of noon is just what the natives shun. They put their scotch or rye down, and lie down. In the jungle town where the sun beats down, to the rage of man or beast, The English garb of the English sahib merely gets a bit more creased. In Bangkok, at twelve o'clock, they foam at the mouth and run, But mad dogs and Englishmen go out in the midday sun. Mad Dogs and Englishmen, go out in the midday sun. The smallest Malay rabbit deplores this stupid habit. In Hong Kong, they strike a gong, and fire off a noonday gun. To reprimand each inmate, who's in late. In the mangrove swamps where the python romps there is peace from twelve till two. Even caribous lie around and snooze, for there's nothing else to do. In Bengal, to move at all, is seldom if ever done, But mad dogs and Englishmen go out in the midday sun.
Here’s how they came out.
Masculinity seen as the essence of black man.
"I heard Nixon speak. He was talking about free enterprise, getting government off your back, lowering taxes and strengthening the military. Listening to Nixon speak sounded more like a breath of fresh air. I said to my friend, 'What party is he?' My friend said, 'He's a Republican.' I said, 'Then I am a Republican!'”
"Racism is too real to be dismissed," said civil rights leader, Jesse Jackson, in a sit-down interview with FOX35 Saturday.
Greer’s contacts confirmed the PLF technology was acquired from ETs – and involves advanced cloning principles to create a “biological robot”.
“These people worked out a way to game the system,” McGinniss says of the Palin family. “I don’t blame them. They are just grifters who suddenly saw a chance at the main chance and they were clever enough and canny enough to take it. The American media was so gullible and the right wing was so desperate for new heroic figures that they basically got a free ride. She knew she wouldn’t get a free ride this year in 2012.”
Wiseman, Richard. 2003. The Luck Factor. Miramax Books.
BOGO: “Buy One Get One.” Will be followed by something like “50% Off,” “25% Off,” or “Free.”
Kay: unemployed people don’t think
The best thing was that I discovered a new place in this state to love. (I'm proudly collecting those places like marbles in a jar since my heart expanded to fit Arizona about a year and a half ago.) True, I regretted we were not back hiking South Mountain at first, but then on the gentle winding trails in Usery Mountain Park, I found the true beauty of the Sonoran Desert with all its plant life diversity, and I knew South Mountain couldn't rival it. And I found a couple of famous individuals that I really associate with the West. Actually make that three....uh, four.
Mrs Tunaley said: 'Obviously we are very concerned for our resident, and we are sorry for the distress this has caused her.
Maybe even make out with her.
It's a traditional Sunday roast tonight at the firefoodie household so I visited my favourite farm shop on the way home from Luca's rugby match. Foxbury Farm, near Burford in Oxfordshire, one of the best local farm shops around here. We had already decided on pork so I chose a portion of boned shoulder and had the butcher score the skin nicely so we would have loads of delicious crackling. The fresh produce section had some lovely locally grown brussels sprouts, our first dose of brussels for the year. It was here that I also found some great local streaky bacon.
A quick show of hands, how many people didn't care for the way Rick 'Ercolino' Martino presented his load as "Gigolo in Beach Hut" in Emanuelle in America? One, two, three, four, wow, that's what I thought. Feel free to call me a wad snob, but the expedient manner in which my toothpaste squirts out of its tube is more robust than his drippy excuse for an orgasm.
Billy Bao, Urban Disease
Almost the final scene of this weeks show had Don, Megan, Megan’s parents, and Sally sitting round a table, their evening not having been what expected and each either being in a state of disappointment, shock, betrayal or a thing other than happy and content. Peggy also ended the episode in a disappointed state, having once again disappointed her mother through little fault of her own other than being a progressive female (of the era), and attempting to be honest.
I specifically remember doing these "business ventures" with one of two childhood friends...Alice or Rosemarie. Here I am with Rosemarie and my brother, Michael. (I'm the one in the blue shirt.)
Obviously, I'm a dog person and because cats make me wheeze like a fat guy going up stairs, I'm not a big fan. But I don't think for a minute that Kittens Ablaze is going to cause any harm to the little furry rascals, nor do I think they're evil people.
Bobo seems happy to hear his philosophy's repeated.
Anyways, the next scene is the girls at their apartment. Caroline is holding a financial assessment meeting and says they made a $725 profit after 5 months in business. Caroline says to Max that they should find more money to make on the side, but Max says that things may get worse because life always gets worse. Caroline tries to get Max to be more optimistic, but it’s a no go. A police officer then knocks on their door and asks them about the tenant that lived in the apartment above them. His name was Nirham Chaduri and he was found dead in his apartment 2 weeks after he passed. The random death leads Caroline to think that she should say “Hi” to the other people in their building (and bring a cupcake plate to them of course). Caroline goes to the apartment next door and introduces herself to a man in a dog leash. After that encounter, Max hears music blaring and footsteps from the new tenant above them. Max wants them to stop the noises, so she writes them a threatening note and leaves it under their door. After, they hear the music stop and a bang on their door.
Here's a picture of the totally adorable cupcakes that I almost ruined by dropping them 10 seconds after picking them up from the baker. I almost had a heart attack. I did my best to mend them, but you can see that a couple of them were still kinda smooshed-ish.
Ten CDs By The Fall You Should “Visit” Before You Die: A Luggage Seller’s Guide
First, LinkedIn is a mainline business tool. There are 90 million users on LinkedIn (March, 2011), most of whom are in the business world. They use it, and expect you to be on it. Please don’t disappoint.
These days I see geekdom as a cast of mind involving intelligence and a lack of excitement about the mainstream - but beyond that it takes many forms. (My companion at the Christmas Mediaeval Baebes gig - the last of their 2011 tour - pointed out that a straightforward early music crowd looks very similar, though perhaps a bit less S&M-y.) The unifying characteristics of geekdom might be described as a lack of inhibition about liking the things that one likes - gaming, role-playing, perhaps one's job or musical pursuits, the period of history (or whatever) you like to fantasise about, politics - and a level of concentration on and knowledge about this stuff that can easily tip over into creativity, obsession or both. I've sometimes wondered whether there is an area of the autism spectrum that might account for it - a point at which empathy is mainly restricted to those with whom you share your enthusiasms - but between Christmas and New Year is a bad time to try and get hold of the professionals who'd be able to discuss that theory knowledgeably. Maybe later...
1 cup sugar (brown or white)
He may be a man with a sandwich board in Oxford Street or an American Christianist who expects the Book of Revelation to happen tomorrow. But he’s equally likely to be a scientist warning about asteroid impacts, super-eruptions, molecule-sized robots turning everything into grey goo or, not so long ago, the descent of Earth into a new ice age. Taking all these possibilities into account, Sir Martin Rees, the great cosmologist, says humans only have a 50/50 chance of making it into the next century. Yeah, right!
Materials-free, student-centred tasks
I'm writing the next one now - my FIFTH novel, wow, it feels amazing to say that. It's set down by a beach so I'm finding it a bit tricky, with all this snow on the ground, to write lovely sunny beach scenes. Luckily I have booked a holiday - ahem, I mean research trip - in order to help me with that!
Warning! You’ll probably find this post whiny if you’re somebody who has monetary resources at their disposal.
i’m alright with that though, as long as that look still lasts a part of me will keep telling myself that i have a chance. i have a chance to re insure you why you’re looking at me that way in the first place.
Fisher elaborated on a set code of ethics provided by the Society of Professional Journalists. The four ethical guidelines are: Seek the truth and report it, minimize harm, act independently and be accountable. He said that when journalists write they should consider if what is written is honest, true and necessary for the report.
If there's one thing that The Bulls Fan knows, it's that I love animals. Any animals, really, but the more rural/unusual the animal, the more excited I get. Yes, that means goats, camels, pigs and baboons are all in my top five (the fifth spot, usually reserved for cows, is now being hotly contested by sheep as a result of this weekend). He also knows that the best place for finding camels is at Imhoff Farm. So, on Saturday morning (after visiting the amazing Porter Market in Tokai, where I happened to see an entire baboon family playing in the forest), we took a slow drive out to Kommetjie.
I have a couple of very immature vices - I love what Americans call soft-serve ice-cream (we call them cones or 99s if they have a chocolate flake stuck in them - mine always have the flake, all else is sacrilige). I eat chocolate and sugar in amounts that would sicken the average child and send the average adult into a sugar coma. I have no plans to ever stop travelling (definitely not just for the young!) and age has not, so far, given me a taste for 'mature civilised person' alcoholic drinks like wine and whiskey. I still like my vodka drowned in Coke or OJ or, ideally, replaced entirely with peach schnapps.
The tomb, the shells, the fish must fade.
~EFG Staff
Vault Wardens. Dwarf Infantry - S 15cm – F d8 – D d6 – A 4 – M d8 – W 6 – P 11 – Special: Spears
Uh-huh. (quiet chuckle) We look forward to seeing you! (False, overly peppy tone noted)
we would like you to come up with something song or film inspired
so we went shopping together ~ but there was no COCOLULU in a place which we went so she may have got bored LOL
25th August 2010
Baldrick: "What I want to know sir is before there was a Euro there were lots of different types of money that different people used. And now there's only one type of money that the foreign people use. And what I want to know is, how did we get from one state of affairs to the other state of affairs"
Pick 2: Redskins
I’ll do it, no problem, and prove that s’wit wrong. I don’t like Mercer…he is an arrogant bastard…”
When you arrive home after a day of work/ a round of errands/etc, you collect everything that isn’t one of those permanent car items and take it inside with you. It doesn’t matter if it’s an extra toy, a wad of trash, a half-drunk can of Pepsi. Take it in with you.
Last time I used Book Two, so I'm trying Book One this time. I love that all I have to do is print off the Week One shopping list, then head to the shops to get it all. The shopping didn't take me any longer than usual. I love that I now know exactly what each breakfast, lunch and dinner will be for the entire week. No more thinking. And it is fun trying new recipes and eating healthy, wholesome, unprocessed food. Tonight we had a yummy rack of lamb, yesterday salmon and veges, and the capsicum and tomato soup for yesterday's lunch was easy, light and delicious.
If you've never had colcannon, or even if you had, I recommend you try this recipe. It is amazing and I will never again say I don't like colcannon! As someone once told me, "it's not that you don't like something, it's just that you've never had it made right!" Truer words have never been spoken.
Use the white pencil to draw an egg on a leaf, a caterpillar, a cocoon and a butterfly (we folded the paper in half and drew on the fold). (The kids were given 12 x 12 cm squares and asked the kids to draw as big as they could – otherwise they tended to draw something small in the center of the paper – making it hard to color, cut out and see). The drawing above is not to scale, but just to give you an idea of what the pieces you should have.
Combine first 5 ingredients in an ice-filled cocktail shaker. Shake vigorously, and strain into a chilled martini glass. Garnish, if desired.
This ideology says that all the cultures are equal; all the religions are equal, that there is not a one and only true faith. All this leads to the abuse and perversion of freedom of thought. All these perversions of freedom, which were condemned throughout the centuries by all the popes, have now been accepted by the council of Vatican II.
People matter. So Thank You to each and every one of you.
It's fitting that this blog starts on a Wednesday (the day before my birthday too, I expect cake in my mailbox tomorrow!), because, as you should already know, every Wednesday is Low End Theory!
In the minds of many of those concerned about an imminent rendezvous with peak oil, the day the world slides past the all-time peak in oil production will be a fateful and irreversible crossing. After it all the calamitous predicted consequences of the ensuing decline will become obvious--financial collapse, unaffordable energy prices, shortages of food and other goods dependent on cheap oil, and mounting unemployment to name a few. And, the cause of these effects will be plain for everyone to see.
Swartkops businessman ‘pulled from car, assaulted by police’ 18 June 2003
Tapper: you are against two of my favorite wars
Here is what i used:
I had the hardest time taking photos, there was so many folks....this one was BEST OF SHOW. It was amazing...detail and workmanship. I could only dream of making something like this. In fact, I only know of one person who could give these quilt makers a run for their money...but
31. Stanley Fish "How To Read A Sentence"
1. Combine all ingredients in a large bowl except the oil.Use your hands to mix thoroughly.Add oil in a slow stream and knead into a dough.
Today I started a new journal. Before I wrote in it, I got to thinking about what might be written on the pages a few months from now. Will I be writing about more failed treatment cycles? Will I lose those 10 lbs that I want to? Will David and I have taken a fun trip for our 6 year wedding anniversary? Will I write the words "I can't believe I'm pregnant..."?
Naturally, he just starts ripping a bunch of pouches open and was going outside to use the heater. I was EXTREMELY skeptical to eat one. I have heard my share of the horror stories from the Mr. and other soldiers. However, my hunger won so I asked the Mr. to hook me up. He of course started giggling and handed me the pumpkin pound cake.
9. Here’s a birthday invite to my child’s party for your (typically developing) son/daughter. *Then the silence as you walk away without mentioning an invite for the ‘disabled child’.*
You Don’t Fit
Edit: Since this post is getting a little buzz, i thought i would be fun to showcase black girls doing alternative styles,
wherever you go.
Inspiration from yesteryear can take many forms :
Its something quite personal but i just wanted to share hope you will like it or you will get serious in achieving your goal…..
She's also thinking
The first response I received was titled: Jobama Rectum Sniffer. It called our President “a treasonous n***ger,” told me to get my head out of his ass, and ended: “Safeguard the Constitution, Strive for the Death of all Domestic Marxists.” Another read: “You’re an idiot.” On the NPR website, I was called a “drooling liberal” who should invest in sturdy “knee pads.”
~Penny Wenny
Let's be intentional in making the most of our common days by seeking sacred moments with Him.
One evening, when our family gathered round the icon of the Holy Family, our son said, while playing with his toys: “Well, that’s just ohana.”
It seems all we can do is sit and wait, and distract ourselves by endlessly trawling facebook and playing QWOP. Oh and maybe occasionally moving from the bed to get food, and then retreat back to the hovel, A.K.A the bedroom, which has somewhat become a dump, the floor no longer visible. Yes mum, I’ll tidy it later. (Later meaning, never.)
That being said, I’ll probably still be irrationally glued to my TV until way past my bedtime.
What’s that? You didn’t actually find me? You just haggled me away from some paleontological grave robber? In that case, I suppose it’s cranial domes off to him, but you still deserve some credit for exhibiting such bartering prowess.
This weekend we ate more (still stuffed), played harder (the girl scraped her face off falling off a skateboard....she'd dainty like that), and stayed up later than normal (stuck in a heated game of Sorry....we are party animals!)
2) If price is at a profit-taking level, I take profits and leave it at that
He's a kind soul and on paper, a suitable match. And he has 20 inch arms, which for me is as big of a draw as a hairy chest! He is, however, kinda dumb. OK, not even close to kind of. Talking to him makes me feel like I'm speaking to a five year old. I find myself using very basic language and even then I get a quizzical look from him. Can people find happiness with someone who does not have the same intellectual capacity? Or is this just a futile effort on my part?
for fresh, new content, that you csn use in your ezine or
So, everyone who posts at least one entry for all three Challenges during the holidays will be entered into a drawing to win a $50 dollar gift certificate to the CCC sponsor of their choice! It's my way of saying thanks for fitting these challenges in during a time of year when most of us barely have time to breathe. The winner of the $50 will be announced on January 3.
When my blood sugar levels read high with a deranged liver last year, I studiously looked up low sugar, low GI foods to keep my sugar levels in control. Thus I read few articles on the kiwi fruit. Two such can be read in these links here and here. Now, health concern beats the reluctance hands down and I do not mind at all paying the cost for these.
But as time marches on and our world shrinks with personal blogs popping up from all over the globe, Asia looks less and less romantically exotic. Globalization is making gelatos, sorbets and coffees popular in the big Asian cities. Even the Chinese and East Indians who have money are jumping on the European wine kick –their romanticization of the West.
I figured I would put all of my little yummy cupcakes in one spot for you to check out on this
Another more useful phrase from that programme was on a poster behind Agent Mulder’s desk. It said, ‘I want to believe’. I like it because it has a positive flexibility within it. I may not be able to believe, but I’ll seek out the evidence accordingly, rather than a default setting of disbelief which is as inflexible as any other dogma.
Comfort: 8/10- I was able to wear these for about 6.5 hours before they started bothering my eyes. I have pretty sensitive eyes though, and some days they like circle lenses and some days they don't. Generally, they were pretty comfortable.
As parents of little kids I reckon the stress can be split in half between sleep stress and eating stress.
handful of fresh baby spinach, chopped
Just because you or business has to cut down on travel this year does not mean you shouldn’t get a shot at reaching elite status or earning enough Amtrak points for travel. Pre-register for these deals now to reach travel rewards goals twice as fast this fall.
Favorite Network TV Comedy
What the hell am I wearing today?
A woman was talking about the fundraiser with her neighbor from another town. The neighbor's boys had just gotten a signed Adrian Gonzalez Red Sox shirt at a fundraiser the previous weekend. The dad paid about $300 to win it in an auction. The boys heard about the fundraiser for the boy their age who was battling cancer in their neighboring town. They gave their new and treasured shirt to our fundraiser and said, "We want it, but he needs it". The shirt went on the live auction with some Red Sox tickets and a dinner. The package went for $1000 and the woman who bought it is sending the boys back their shirt. She got thinking during the bidding that there was no way she was not going to win this so she could send the shirt back to the boys.
I love how the house has taken on the color of the tree;
She was tall and beautiful with long brown wavy hair and dark blue eyes. There she stood under the big clock at the Hotel Astor in Manhattan. “Hey gorgeous, how about a movie tonight?” The young woman smiled as she glanced back up at the clock. It was five minutes to six and her date would be there any minute. His name was Ray Ravelli, and he was a professional boxer. Tonight there would be a lot of stopping on the way to dinner, because everyone knew Ray when he walked through Times Square. As the clock struck six and the bells gently tolled, she saw Ray walking towards her.
It’s like last year when I left a job for another one. People thought I was crazy for changing jobs. I liked what I was doing, I was learning a lot, I loved my coworkers (and still do) and there was some family history with that company so why would I leave. But because I had the right conversation, with the right person at the right time, I was given an opportunity with an employer where I worked 15 years earlier. Returning to this company has brought me some new challenges along with some wonderful opportunities.
Another popular set of headstones at Hillcrest is that of Mammy, the 94 year old nanny of the prominent Coxe Family. She is buried in the family plot in a place of honor with the family she so lovingly cared for. Her tombstone inscription reads " Mammy, Faithful Unto Death"
When you are in a time of great uncertainty, this verse is a great reminder to just be still and remember that the Lord has it all under control.
The all new Power Quest will be back on the road next month. You’ll be able to catch the new Power Quest line up in action at the following shows in October 2009:
However, taking part in mass participation events such as the Beaverbrooks brings home the opposite. Compared to the general running public, we are in fact pretty fit indeed.
There are lots of blogs with tutorials, but the easiest explanation on how to make the roses was from here.
Does it sing? Is the piece a high expression of the craft and aesthetic? Is it 'just right'? Jill said she cried the first time she tried on the ruby Beene dress that was a graduation gift from her father.
Black writing clouds can be good for a writer. It gives one time to reflect on what has been accomplished. Black clouds can force one into deciding where to go next.
Preheat the oven to 350*F. Butter a loaf pan, add a layer of parchment paper at the bottom and butter as well.
and GET THAT SEXY BACK!
Although the neighbors all spoke of Dr. Hindman’s energy and work around the property, by the time we came along you could tell the house and its owners had aged together. The house sagged in certain places and was overgrown in others. “Entropy” is the word I would later learn to describe what was happening.
With her head there
And if you dont know what the heck im talking about, this is how the books look like...
Words can’t explain just what that means to me…
I am not feeling terribly wordy today as I have
I can share 2 gifts I made last week, both were pretty quick and easy so you might still have a chance to copy the ideas if you're so inclined!
Third, PR Couture’s Facebook page wins 5,133 likes. On its wall, the new pieces appear when new posts uploaded on the Website. Besides, ‘PR Couture’ posts relevant articles for its business partners or other target audiences. The distinguished feature on Facebook page is that Crosby, the founder of ‘PR Couture’, posts her pictures from work or events –some looks personal, however always related to her work. This allows the fans to have less distant feeling to the company, by giving humanized traits on company’s face.
living there– we smile
And the mere mention of her name brought him back to this world. From his own world of dreams.
RECOMMENDATION: Fantasy lovers should see this. It’s one of the better fantasy movies of the 1980s. It’s along the same lines as Legend, Labyrinth, and the The Dark Crystal.
In general the more data there is the more convincing the application will appear to be and more likely to support broader claims. In addition, there is often more flexibility to change the problem being solved during examination. It is preferable for there to be exemplified embodiments across
My children saw it immediately with their xray vision through the bags. The reaction was somewhat like this:
I was perusing the magazine racks at Borders a day ago, an activity totally foreign to me. I don't read magazines, generally speaking, unless they are conveniently located next to a toilet (to the dismay of those waiting). Since the only ones old enough to have a job and purchase magazines in my home are females, the selection usually includes People, Us, Better Homes and Garden's Christmas Cookie Spectacular, and Seventeen. Mixed in the bunch one might find the latest news from Franciscan University (they keep sending me magazines…did I give them money? Impossible - I have no money.), catalogs for home school supplies, and programming notes from the local Catholic radio station. They tend to hang around for three month intervals. I usually re-read them several times.
I am finding that the younger students (Year 7 and 8) seem ok with it (perhaps they haven’t been too heavily indoctrinated into the alternative) but my Year 11 class is very resistant. I am trying new things in the classroom as well to align my classroom practice with SBG and this is also causing me some grief. It seems that these students (Year 11 General Maths) are even less comfortable with change than some of the staff.
The place of Ladakh would always be considered as a land not just full of stunning and panoramic views of nature but also packed with all the great monasteries. Their monasteries serve as proof that it is truly one mystic land which also marks the Himalayas and the plateaus of Tibet.
that might be new to you.
Tara is a regular contributor to the Huffington Post and has been featured on The Today Show, BigThink.com, Whole Living, CNN.com, USA Today, the International Business Times, Ode Magazine, Forbes, Beliefnet, and numerous other media outlets. She is also a poet, and the author of The Real Life: Poems for Wise Living.
-I knew I hated the idea of him being Pinocchio, but did they have to make me hate August, too?
In no way is his behaviour comparable with that of us gorillas, who fart considerately in the open air, and direct our discharges so as to minimise the risk of passive fart inhalation by innocent bystanders (a category which excludes baboons and snakes, who are never innocent). With such issues in mind, I sent the following reply to the presumptuous lawyer:
Upon arrival in Siem Reap, we did not waste any time as we immediately set out to explore all the temples that we could in one day, well more likely in half a day. Thanks to our reliable tuktuk driver, Ly Horng, he helped us maximize our temple visit by bringing us to the temples that we could.
Attack the Block - 2011
Have you looked at your blog in dynamic views yet? It looks great! I will be making the switch. The sidebar goes away, though, when you do, so I need to figure out some ways to work around that. I've also been trying to use my Google Voice phone more too. The coolest thing it does is when you click on a person on your email list, google calls them, and rings your cell phone when their phone starts ringing. In a very google big brotherish way, it pulls up the person's picture as it appears on your cell phone. Oh yes.
the pews laid down,
I am soo looking forward to Saturday! There is SO much going on this weekend so if you don't have plans to meet friends to crop on National Scrapbook Day I've got some ideas that you can have fun doing right at home!
The paper is from the DCWV Be Mine stack. I cut the flowers at 5" from Flower Shoppe and wrapped ivory tulle around them. The base of the design is a Spellbinders Grand Nestabilities Label 4. It is embossed - actually, debossed...I flipped it in the folder without realizing it :/ - with the Plum Blossoms folder. I layered a Lacy Doily Motifs die, two Parisian Motifs dies, a Parisian Accents die and topped it off a Standard Circle small. I wrapped some vintage lace around the edge, and added gems from Recollections.
Here I think we get to the basic ethical problem that flat ontology opens and the question of what a flat ethics might look like. I’m of the mind that even within an object-oriented ontology, ethics must nonetheless be the domain of the relational or, as Morton might put it, the ecological. However, this relational domain of the ethical must be a strange kind of relation, insofar as it must be a relation to the non-relational and a non-relation to the relational. In other words, the ground of the ethical would be that moment where relations to the non-relational are no longer governed by the similar/dissimilar schema, but where the contingency of ones own system/environment comes to be recognized and perception of a plurality of system/environment distinctions inhabiting the environment of a system comes to be discerned. In this respect, flat ontology would recommend something similar to the ethics of difference Lacan suggests at the end of The Four Fundamental Concepts of Psychoanalysis. As Lacan writes there,
How does its need for political expedience to secure the Malay votes and win the general election deal with its avowed intention to implement 1Malaysia that directly rejects Ketuanan Melayu?
1/2 cup quinoa flour
Paul learned to rejoice in his infirmities because he began to understand that the reason those were there was so that God’s power could be manifested in his life. He knew the reason the thorns were there was so that he wouldn’t get into pride, and so that Paul would be in total surrender and dependence upon God.
The Council faced a difficult choice over the Coniston but we made the wrong one. We may have won a reprieve from opportunist extremists from outside the area who tried to exploit the issue for their own ends, but we missed the opportunity to make a much stronger case for better public services. Experience informs me we should have taken a different path.
Congratulations, Lois, and thank you very much to everyone who took the time to comment and enter. In this big old virtual world, I appreciate each and every one of you who spends time with me here on my blog every day. You are the best!
These are the famous crop circle ‘ghosts’.
Suffering is not my fate.
Anyone want to come help clean?
Not only that, but you get to spend your afternoon actually watching a track meet. Not an abbreviated version of a track meet, but a full set of competition. All the sprints, all the distances, all the jumps and all the throws! You don't get the long jump, without the triple jump, or the 100 without the 200. You get it all - and so do the athletes! There's nothing like watching competitive athletes going at it not once, but sometimes twice or three times over the course of an afternoon. Sprinter Blue, Sprinter Yellow and Sprinter Green go at it in the 4x1 and Sprinter Blue's team wins. Then Blue and Green go head to head in the 100, with Green getting the win - while Yellow won the 400 just a couple of events before. Later we get Blue, Green AND Yellow going at it over 200 meters with Blue edging Yellow & Green! Typically you see this over and over with athletes competing in multiple events doubling in the 800 & mile, or the long jump and triple jump, or the shot and discus. Each set of competitions bringing athletes together looking for both victory and redemption within the same meet. No threat of world records being broken but stirring competition all afternoon long!
I wore a pink shirt.
Save yourself from the sorrow
An elevated blood sugar puts Laurie at risk for developing diabetes as well as AGE damage to her body. The good news is that her tingling greatly improved with a Vitamin B complex supplement. AGEs caused by elevated blood sugar inflicted the nerve damage contributing to the tingling in her feet. Additionally, she is now aware of the dangers of elevated AGEs. Now, she can choose to eat healthier so she can be as young on the inside of her body as she appears on the outside.
Meroe, Capitol of Kushite Empire
Former UFC Welterweight Champion Matt Serra, who grew up in East Meadow, and MMA fighter Eddie “Truck” Gordon of Freeport are among the athletes who have put their strength, and support, behind the inaugural launch of County Executive Edward P. Mangano’s Brick 26 Challenge.
“When the government’s boot is on your throat, whether it is a left boot or a right boot, a male boot or female boot, a black boot or white boot, a Catholic, Muslim, Christian or Atheist boot, a straight, homosexual or lesbian boot; is of no consequence.”
SHEPARD RANDALL
Labour has been accused of losing control of gun crime as new figures show a sharp rise in armed robberies.
"Yes, my head." Demetrius chuckled and winced as he did so. "It'd take more than a woman stepping on my head to kill me."
5. If you have pets, they belong outside. No, I am not against pets. The issue is their hair on the carpet…the couch…and so on.
1 head Romaine, sliced
This cannot be answered in one word, for life is a complex matter. Here is what is necessary:
That's all for now - see you soon! I'm off to join the Blog Party :)
she saw power.
Super easy and fun to do AND the best part.. It is totally custom made so you know that if you give this baby away to someone special you will be a Rock-Star! - promise :) I have a tutorial on how to make the card and candle on this Momenta Blog post:
Do you ever think that Christmas trees seem to eat all the decorations? I had so many laid out ready to hang....and now that they are up...... there are still bare branches....
So two Fridays ago we had our arthropod
Riedel is correct in assessing the White House's order as hardball - but a wider list of targets exists outside of Saleh's circle. Meanwhile the financial threat against him and his family remains relatively soft. For starters, the Obama administration still cannot bring itself to speak Saleh's name, demonstrating that its kid gloves have yet to fall off. Contrary to a safety issue, the policy of gradually (and silently) nudging Saleh out of power is linked to hegemonic ambitions. U.S. and EU officials also have floated the possibility of sanctions on various occasions without acting, even though Saleh has persistently obstructed the GCC deal since its release in April 2011.
It's like being the guest on Oprah- you feel so special just to be asked to be on the show!
More is learned about the Sensorites when the action moves to their planet below, the Sense-Sphere. It turns out they’re just as afraid of the humans as the humans are of them, and the more the story explores the Sensorites, the less alien they become, despite the fact that they’re telepathic, afraid of the dark and loud noises, and most peculiar of all, they’re unable to tell each other apart - ideas that aren’t ever taken to any kind of proper conclusions. New mysteries pop up on the Sense-Sphere, as well as some fine character development for Susan, who gets some good stuff in this piece, including an exploration of her own telepathic powers, an aspect of Gallifreyans that got minimal play on the original series, but Davies explored further with the Tenth Doctor. One of the great Susan moments of this serial is in its final episode, “A Desperate Venture,” when she speaks of her home planet, of which she says, “At night the sky is a burnt orange, and the leaves on the trees are a bright silver!” Years
The role of language provides an example of how immigration allows native workers to move to higher skilled or more specialized positions:
Me walking to the door - LOCKED. Huh? Argh! I'm normally not that organized and out and about so early! I dropped daughter off at 8:45 at school and it is now 9:05. Store opens at 10:00. Grrrr. I go and get some gas, some coffee and sit in the parking lot. TRYING to enjoy the quiet time but I am obsessed with thinking about what else I COULD be doing.
2. “E” is the most used letter in English language.
We even had a Prime Minister who morphed into a Malay bumiputra and bred a Malay Elite race within Umno at the expense of other races as well as the rural Malays. Everything that was done during his era began with a Capital ‘M’. Mahathir Mohamad or M O N E Y. And money was the in-word for cronies of the government, who in turn became an exclusive ‘who’s who list’ of select firms privatizing Malaysia thanks to fat government contracts that benefited only themselves but not the people. No, it was the people who were forced to fork out toll and pay higher prices while the cronies appeared on Forbes list of the world’s richest!
There are definite indicators of rodent activity:
Boko Haram has killed much more police officers than the JAT; they have bombed much more churches than the JAT (JAT has only successfully bombed one church, with no death recorded); they have killed more government officials than the JAT; they have killed more innocent citizens than the JAT; and even boast of a larger army and potential recruitment pool than JAT considering the “economic alienation” of the North as Ambassador J. Carson puts it.
Those poker rooms that don’t allow rakeback have their own reasons and policies. Some of them do not encourage the rakeback system and instead offer the VIP program. It consists of many advantages and even the possibility to earn frequent player points while playing, in order to cash them subsequently for money.Neverthelss it is the similar as rakeback. Fortunately many of the poker rooms differ in the various kinds of deals they provide.
Some of this was achieved, and seeing a character like Anita in a drawing allows the reader to better grasp her size and power, for she most assuredly does not have a typical female form. Seeing the capsule was also illuminating, as were some of the action scenes. My main regret soon became not having more drawings done for each Chapter, but my resources were limited and the artist was hard-pressed due to time-constraints. Book 1 alone consumed 58 drawings spread over fifteen chapters and many more could have been used.
I wanted to give you girls a chance to play with a new WordArt similar to those in my "Word Strip" WordArt packs. AND, I thought this one would be PERFECT for pics on brothers and sisters (or sis and sis or bro and bro) playing nicely together - ROFL!
15. What are your three favorite foods?
5) Add to smoothies ... zucchini "stretches" smoothies so you don't need to add as many sugar-filled fruits
Thank you again to everyone for all of the love, prayers and support over the last 4 years. We love you!
Do I need to explain about the two different protagonists in the query?
Have a good one, chickens!
As I saw these families and thought about it last night, I was struck by several things:
Anyway, a lot of the episode is spent on the boys working hard on their project while simultaneously fooling Tae Mu. Park Ha prepares to leave her home so she hands in her resignation later.
than howl, he
Another absolutely stunning fantasy adventure is Mortlock by Jon Mayhew. The wonderful knife-throwing heroine, Josie, is thrown by her guardian's death into a world of danger, excitement and supernatural crows. Not for the squeamish!
As a direct result of the accusations Ms X has been banned from photographing her child and is only allowed to visit her every 7-10 days with strict supervision.
Kansas City Restaurant Week (Friday 01/20 – Sunday 01/29) is happening as we speak, well I guess as you read. There are 139 local establishments participating. Each restaurant has a fixed menu for $15.00 per person for a 2-course lunch and $30.00 per person for a 3-course dinner. The prices do not include beverage, tax, or gratuity. All of the restaurants are donating 10% of the meals purchase price to Harvesters. In 2011, this event raised $80,000.00 providing 400,000 meals to the less fortunate.
I see her trying to imitate so many things I do. It’s cute and rather scary. Abigail has picked up on so many idiosyncrasies that I didn’t know she was seeing. I would notice a behavior in her and wonder where it came from, until I caught myself in the act and realized she was copying me. It’s only been innocent little things, like the way I point or say “no, no, no!”, for example. But what else am I doing? What else will she see? Are there actions, manners of speaking, ways of relating that I don’t want her to copy?
This has been possible, because, in the main the victims have been ordinary people, known to their loved ones but not to the community in general.
Half an hour later we walked through the marine animal display, and I saw the otters. Any condescension I felt for Marissa’s childish excitement over the leopard cubs melted away at the sight of them.
Arthur didn't cope with war as well as Percy. In the end Percy was wiser than Arthur, who had ideals and a strict moral code. The qaugmire of that war broke him. Percy, more realistic perhaps, came out of that dirty little war with his sanity intact, even if his faith in humanity reduced.
Some key points to come out of that were:
#2 I found outtoo late that my hoop is just a little too small.Or...that I drew out my design just a hair too big....lol...the very ends dont all fit in the hoop, so I am going to have to move the piece on the hoop, squishing what I've allready hooked, in order to finish the outside. #3 I'm not happy with the strip of off white I did around the bird, hoping to " highlight " it . I was going to do that to the flowers also, but after I did it, I don't like it. I think it looks too ??? Cartoonish ?? Soooo...rather than pull the loops out and re-do, I'm thinking of just staining that just a tad to tone it down ???
Preheat the oven to 150C. Line mini muffin pans with paper cases. Place the butter, sugar, eggs and flour in a large bowl and beat together until just smooth. Fold in the chocolate chips. Spoon the mixture into the paper cases.
275. Seasoned Fries @ Civera’s (Drexel Hill, PA) 1:06 p.m.
Shaquille O’Neal has quite a celebration for his 34th birthday; he decided to go with a great victory for his team
But would I even recognize a man like my father? Would I even want him?
Individuals can’t do much to make their System 1 decisions more accurate, so ultimately they can improve their thinking and decision-making only by training their System 2 to be vigilant for common System 1 mistakes and to stop being so lazy. The book is replete with examples of common System 1 errors, such as:
Itasca - A huge party is planned! You can visit the website for a complete list of what will be there, but a few of the attractions include free open pool hours, a fire pole slide, a climbing wall, Gameworks, an X-ray van, a bike obstacle course, and face painting. This all takes place from 5:00 pm to 9:00 pm at the Itasca Water Park, 100 N. Catalpa in Itasca.
This holiday season, be thankful for every healthy day you have and don't ever, ever take that health for granted.
Organic feed is strangely hard to come by and expensive in these parts; it isn’t available in Elizabethtown (our nearest town); the feed supply stores in E-town wont even special-order it for us. We have to drive an hour north to Louisville to a very special (and awesome!) organic feed store to buy our feed. But it is worth it.
After our hike we stopped for lunch and then hit the road. We had just gotten into the Phoenix city limits when Athletica realized she didn’t have her purse. I pulled into a gas station parking lot and we searched for it. No, it wasn’t there. I called the restaurant in Sedona and sure enough they had it. I put some more gas into the car and turned north back onto the I-17. We headed back to Sedona. The staff recognized us from a few hours earlier. We decided to stay for some warm sopapillas and honey before heading home. We ended up missing the Superbowl and all the illustrious commercials but all in all, I would not have changed a single thing about this past weekend. When we left Sedona, the almost full moon illuminated the giant rocks below. There is no show that can compare. The adventure continues.
Picnic Parade NEW CLEAR $10.00
4. Bobby Conn "King for a Day" 3:53
Mix together flour, flaxseed meal, oat bran, brown sugar, baking soda, baking powder, salt, and cinnamon in a large bowl. Stir in carrots, apples, raisins, and nuts. Combine milk, beaten eggs, and vanilla. Pour liquid ingredients into dry ingredients. Stir until ingredients are moistened. Do not overmix. Fill muffin cups ¾ full. Bake at 350 degrees for 15-20 minutes. Yields 15 medium muffins.
The peace of Christ which is beyond understanding has worked in and through me. And that peace could not have been found on a three week vacation. It required entering daily into the mine of prayer. Daily, over the course of months. (This has not stopped). Finding peace required much confession and loving counsel. Peace was not gained like some loaf of bread to be picked up on aisle one. Peace emerged in tiny nuggets--minute, yet treasured fragments of authenticity and truth; extracted from massive boulder-sized frustration, selfish ambition, grief, and even some unknown resentment that I had been carefully and diligently sweeping under the rug of my psyche.
The Ifham is indeed a classical Islamic work of polemics, points from it even being raised by Muslims today, but while the Jews, who converted to Islam in the Medieval times, understood the context of their polemical arguments, and therefore brought a high level of discussions forth, Muslims today seem to lack this understanding, only repeating these arguments without really understanding them. This points to the fact that not many Muslims really are studying Judaism on its own terms, but rather – when they study it – in terms of disproving it. This is not wrong of them, many Christians who study Judaism or Islam, or indeed Jews who study the two other religions, have the same approach. I have to point out though that these are examples outside the academic world, where such approaches generally are put aside, and a more open attitude are taken. But even within the academic world we see that there are not many Muslim scholars in Judaism, while there certainly are quite a high number of Jewish scholars in both Islam and Christianity.
The FLSA’s child labor provisions, in short, are labor laws designed to protect the educational opportunities of youth and prohibit their employment in jobs that are detrimental to their health and safety. Essentially, the FLSA restricts the hours that individuals under 16 years of age can work and lists hazardous occupations too dangerous for young workers to perform.
to shape and build long stretches of music while simultaneously
big wet noodle!
He spent many a happy night under the covers sleeping with our daughter Keely. He adored her and followed her everywhere.
I didn’t get it until just now.
Edward Thomas had scraped a living as a reviewer and as a writer of twenty prose books, many of them travel books. Though he had a reputation as an important critic he despaired of making a living as a writer and was very unhappy in his marriage. In 1908 he even considered suicide.
– Sir James Lovelock, BBC Interview
The album was produced by Head, who recorded the music off and on for the past two years in Phoenix, Arizona. It features renowned musicians Tony Levin (Peter Gabriel, David Bowie) and Josh Freese (A Perfect Circle, Nine Inch Nails), and was mixed by Ralph Patlan and Bob Clearmountain. It’s a testimony of Head’s life as he battled with drug addiction and leaving Korn, and finding spirituality. It will leave no doubt in everyone’s mind that Head, as a founding member of Korn, has not lost his passion for the heavy sound that originally helped make his former band famous. SAVE ME FROM MYSELF will remind listeners of Head’s dominant influence in the nu-metal sound that projected Korn to the top of the music charts for over a decade. It can only be described as a heavy metal epic, with a positive message.
First-time home buyers will be able to aspire for more expensive property after the My First Home Scheme is expanded under the budget to a maximum of RM400,000 from RM220,000.
Not too much went on around my house this weekend. Kevin and I ran some errands Saturday night and ended up at Kyoto Japanese Steakhouse for dinner with my sister which never disappoints. It's rare that I eat my entire plate of food but apparently, this baby had a hankering for some shrimp! It was delicious and I may or may not have asked for it for dinner again last night. ;)
It may not be the best that I've ever written, but it is short, and I felt that that was important. I didn't want to get the reader too bogged down by elaborating on ownership, culture, totems, self-worth, and femininity.
I'm currently reading Remains of the Dead by Iain McKinnon, which ties in with Domain. At the start of Domain, a small group of survivors are found by a helicopter crew from the research ship. However, the helicopter only has a limited passenger capacity, so some of the group are whisked away and Domain tells their story. Remains concentrates on the group left behind.
So I’m trying to slow down. To enjoy my copy edits even when I’m pulling my hair out over comma placements. To appreciate the quiet down time between phases when I’m waiting to hear back from my editor. To be patient while drafting book two, especially when my main character decides to be difficult, when he refuses to tell me what should happen next or how he’d like to react to a given situation. It will come. It always does. The solutions always materialize. The next step always arrives. The clock keeps ticking and the calendar keeps flipping its pages.
142These moss-grown domes with spiry turrets crown'd,
Classes will be held entirely in China and conducted in English. By visiting key institutions and facilities related to international trade, investment, and finance in and around Shanghai, students will gain a more detailed understanding of international economic issues as they connect with the most rapidly emerging economy in the world today. During the two weeks in Shanghai, students will meet with key policymakers in the government, specialists in international trade and finance issues and members of the Chinese business community.
Champions work up a sweat and toil relentlessly.
I do hope someone nominates Ylva Maria Thompson for Businesswoman of the Year. This visionary lady has established an international sex school in Vienna, where students will be encouraged to practice their lessons in mixed-gender dormitories. Frau Thompson has been quick to refute suggestions that her school is a glorified bawdyhouse for swingers and exhibitionists:
Sing it with me, now (you, too, Aunt Shell!)
Reasons To Buy
Naturally that didn't quite work, but the next bar did, coinciding with my alcoholic amnesia.
I’m from Totowa, NJ. I would like to live near the sea.
Enough of this is, they say and we nod.
The other day I overheard a group of men talking. British Indians. As I was sitting in the sauna, the heat cleared my pores, this conversation soothed my mind.
So, in July, I did. That week, I made a choice to be kinder. I made a choice to be nicer. I made a choice to stop engaging. (I'm sorry, I'm trying to make this short.)
By then, it would be too late for the Malays to wake up from their slumber.
All products used were Stampin Up! unless otherwise noted. This card is totally cased from Gloria Pluckett's SU! website. I didn't get to attend her class but loved the cards and decided to make them on my own. Thanks for inspiration Gloria!!
If y'all have not visited her blog it is a must read and see. Be sure and check out several of her gorgeous rooms. You can check it out here and tell her I sent ya. K?
Now don’t think for one minute that microwave meals are unhealthy and full of crap, they contain ingredients and ingredients are a recipe and a recipe is healthy. You are just taking the leg work out of cooking by putting a bit of convenience into it. Every so often the zeitgeist changes, from cooking from scratch to using convenience foods to back to cooking from scratch. Why should we be slaves to the likes of Delia? Who is she to tell us what is acceptable? I announce now that microwave food is cooking. The application of heat to food is cooking. It’s about as much cooking as 99% of pubs do and you can be sure your kitchen is clean and not wiped down once a day with a dirty rag by a bored 19 year old. You can be sure because the missus buys domestos and uses it.
Time for a break from the flood of Marcos Valle! This post was actually prepared and written months ago, but somehow I never got around to actually posting it. So, here it is, from a tasty damn-near perfect promo copy of this 1961 LP.
These pictures were all taken the day we had the home inspection done.
"You're free." Kurt said. "See you. Same time. Same place. Tomorrow."
I do plan to go back and read Socialpunk when I have time (because it has potential) - and I also plan to take some of the lessons that I learned from Monica's book selling strategy to help grow my readership (and, by extension everyone's readership)!
We meandered through the legions of Japanese lenses, all content on shooting and not really looking. Comments from us snappers to each other Made me realise that we may be suffering from lens envy.
“Look out!” became the words of the moment. Not only on our raft, but all around us.
Maybe I’ll get a shower, wash my hair, and take a nap while my hair dries. I think I’ll let the cat in first.
So if local councils have to cut back, things like shelters for victims of domestic abuse, public libraries and public loos shouldn't be affected. They should cut their marketing budget, their publication of useless leaflets about recycling budget and maybe their bonus pool. (Recycling isn't useless, but junk mail about it is.)
Why the hell would I even want to be over there with Mr. Homophobia?!?!?!
I've reworked some items in my Etsy shop and am streamlining a few things. Yarn bowls are taking over my life in more ways than one. I feel like I can make them in my sleep, I've made so many this year. I went thru a phase where I broke nearly every other one during the process...since I was so tired and stressed. I'm learning to ride the waves of business life. Definitely taking breaks during slow periods and learning ways of not getting myself stressed out when things are super busy. I'm also learning to toughen up a bit regarding competition. More on that later.
It turns out I have a lot of earrings. Who knew?
April 20
In the church’s attic, there are about 20 elements that was re-used during the renovation in the 1800s. On the upper part of the staves you can see wood carvings of the old norse gods. To me this is very interesting and it shows that although the Norwegians were forced to worship the new god from the Middle East, they secretly continued to pray to their old Norse Gods. Unfortunately this part of the church is not accessible for the public because of security and the difficult access.
But I am not alone.
In the meantime, there is a retired bookbinder that works sporadically at my work repairing books from our library. When we get back from our vacation in the States I'll be hitting him up to see if I can help him once a week. At least it will keep my hands busy while I'm trying to find a permanent solution.
But somehow, somewhere along the shifting sands of time, my non-snorer husband has (rather sneakily I feel) become The Snoring Man. How and when this occurred is somewhat of a mystery, but now I find myself tossing and turning restlessly whilst glancing at the red glow of the AWA's digital display which likes to inform me that it is now 11.30pm, now 12.05am, now 2.15am, now 3.24am...arghhh, cursed red glowing numbers.
And he phoned the special prosecutor. His own self. Without his lawyers on the line.
“The doctors have scheduled that date but if all looks good they may hold on for another month when the babies are more developed so they can spend less time incubated,” the 32-year-old said.
Jintan: Don’t tell a lie! Don’t you remember you said you were so happy if none of us forget about you, do you?!
But one of my personal favorite employers was a Ben & Jerry's ice cream shop I worked at during college.
Tracy and Theresa stopping by unexpectedly, then joining them for a walk.
The sky is full of weightless creatures
Why? Because you could
Choose Dynamic Text on the panel’s left side.
Gil Coggins (piano)
"I asked why Rel was uncomfortable with the way I look." Taslin's clear, incisive tones cut through Rel's mumbled 'Nothing'.
* Once all debts have been paid off the government should abolish and just give tax credit for all monies set aside for retirement funds based on some inflation index for a standard middle class family to live on annually (meaning that the amount of money allowed tax free is what is established to provide you with a retirement in that middle class status – no guarantee that you will save that amount but you have that option). Although I believe all tax loop holes should be eliminated and go to a flat tax based on annual budget numbers not income – the government should want to encourage this type of self responsibility and so I have no issues with this as it will eliminate this type of drain on the economy/government – as this would actually be for the “common good”.
Yes, the art stroll has been canceled for today to the the forecasted imminent storms on their way. I am so sorry! I was very excited about the show and I know a lot of you were too =( But it really is best that all of us artists don't get our work ruined by rain, electrocuted, or blown into the lake, honest.
Liam Moore, a passenger, said everybody was ‘really shaken up’.
And on that note, I'm adding another aerobics day this week to work off all of the candy I snuck out of the kids' pumpkins over the last seven days.
One other thing to try to remember is to use as much of the finished edges of the towels as possible. It will make finishing the robe so much easier :)
-Kenzie
It's sometimes hard to listen to tribute albums, because you can't help but compare the remake to the original, all the while thinking "that's not how it goes!" But this record turned out better than I thought. I don't mean to go all Pitchfork on you, but I think that Buddy Holly's songs were so elemental--just bare sketches of songs, ready for any embellishment--that lots of other people can actually do them well, too. There are a few irritating songs on the record (Paul McCartney--WTF was that about, sir?) but there are also some great ones (The Black Keys and, surprisingly enough, Fiona Apple).
And I couldn't really talk so much about corsets without showing you guys the one I bought! It was the first of the display that I set eyes on, and I knew it had to be mine. I tried on a few, but this was the first one and I could tell immediately that it'd be the one I took home. They even had this same style and pattern in powder blue, but somehow I resisted and followed my gut with the chocolate brown one. It was definitely the right choice, because when I got home I put together a lovely mori-inspired coord for a meetup this weekend. I can't wait to show you guys! Anyone who's friends with me on facebook or follows my tumblr have seen a sneak preview of it, but everyone else will unfortunately have to wait until next week to see it!
According to CNN the Hoh tribe's land, which is only one square mile, is diminishing because of increased flooding of the Hoh river.
NO ONE is wrong,
Mouse Pad Where the mouse takes the grain it does not eat
Eden heard the sound of something speeding through the foliage, then felt the limb she was on vibrate. A moment later she gave a slight yelp as she flew through the air to land heavily in the arms of the Elven commander. Blue eyes met silver for a split second, followed by a gasp, almost as if of recognition. Then, before anyone had a chance to recover from the shock, she flipped backwards out of his arms, onto the ground, and sped off.
What kind of items will be worth their weight in gold? Check out this list for a few suggestions:
Once baked they’re texture is like a whipped shortbread and are delicious enjoyed at the end of a meal instead of a dessert with a small glass of sweet madeira (Malmsey works best) or a glass of late harvest sauvignon blanc.
So...on to the next. If I want to work on the computer, I have to remove these glasses, because yes, they're lovey, but I can't navigate the computer screen, because the eyeballs are battling each other for control, resulting in a blurry mess. It does work if a close one eye, but that makes me feel like a pirate, and frankly that weirds me out a little. I then remove the pretty, pretty, glam, glam, and switch to my 10 year old glasses. They used to be in style....but dang they're functional, and I can work on my computer forever. In fact, I'm wearing them now. Who cares if my cats think I look like dweeb?
lets dance through the night and sing through the day
Last week I travelled to Montreal with my neighbour Erik Barr and my son Adam to pack up and ship some 400 cases of wood and metal type and the other printing gear belonging to my late friend Glenn Goluska. The collection will be integrated into our operations at Gaspereau Press.
"Don't make this any harder for me. I promise you, you'll be much better off with someone else."
With that in mind, I thought of a certain ad I think is pretty brilliant. There is a story, but the point is that there is only ONE message. Do you know the new Cadbury’s ad? It’s an animation and starts off with three vans, all obviously containing hundreds of bars of delicious milk chocolate. Somewhere within the three, there’s a golden ticket. The camera zooms out slowly while the three vans criss-cross one another’s paths. We don’t know why, but watch to see what is actually happening. Then, it zooms out again. There’s more, and more and finally hundreds of these vans all travelling in threes. “Somewhere out there, in that truck full of deliciousness, there’s a lucky Golden Ticket that might find it’s way to me.”
They also believed
So new that their eyes are closed and their skin translucent.
This is the second of several chapters in which we are investigating the SPI data bus, and how we can control devices using it with our Arduino systems. If you have not done so already, please read part one of the SPI articles. Again we will learn the necessary theory, and then apply it by controlling a variety of devices. As always things will be kept as simple as possible.
The scope and persistence of China-based cyber attacks against U.S. government, military, and private sector targets has alarmed American officials in charge of cyber efforts and raised very serious concerns about Chinese norms and intentions.
And all the strangers know your name
— Alternatively, some stations can be be destroyed by making the building in which they’re in collapse. When this is possible, it also happens for one station out of the pair you’re each time fighting for, not for both. Otherwise it would be too easy to win just by launching mortars or gunning down with tanks.
We say again that it is hard to see how the police could respond to a team of the type we have already described. We are not talking here about a bunch of drunken yobs putting the odd brick through a window after a hard night’s drinking. We are talking about ruthless and organized people who are part of larger organizations with specific, even nationwide, strategic objectives, one of which is the complete expulsion of Muslims from Zone C. Short of having a permanent police presence outside every Muslim home and establishment, which is obviously impossible, it is difficult to see how the police could take any effective action at all.
And so it went for the rest of the night. Mike berated Siri with juvenile and inappropriate questions, and I giggled until the wee hours of the morning.
Why are you online? Who's your audience?
Or school...
and i am getting excited for this new adventure.
GOAL! Bolton 1-3 Spurs (Adebayor 60') Deadly simplicity from Spurs as Modric dissects t he home defence with a super ball that Lennon latches on to. The winger then knocks it across the face of goal for Adebayor to steer effortlessly into the net.
Eastbound and Down – “Me and Shane used to argue about Top Gun, and which one was Goose, which one was Tom Cruise… I guess we now know who is goose as Shane’s dead”. Kenny is still the greatest ars*hole of them all whilst simultaneously being the funniest. And I don’t even like Baseball. The boom box at the funeral was classic. Stevie was also brilliant especially watching the porn video “Whatever they do next, we do, ok?” – You have to see it for what that means – classic.
The feet are also different, but I usually don't notice those until I'm browsing and culling my shots. Finally, bees and wasps have four wings, while flies only have two - Di-ptera, two-winged.
The previous post dealt with the misuse of metaphor and models when interpreting biblical texts. What follows is a reading of the Yom Kippur ritual found in Leviticus 16, in its cultural, social context.
In any war story, but especially in a true one, it’s difficult to separate what happened from what seemed to happen. What seems to happen becomes its own happening and has to be told that way. The angles of vision are skewed. . . .In many cases a true war story cannot be believed. If you believe it, be skeptical. It’s a question of credibility. Often the crazy stuff is true and the normal stuff isn’t, because the normal stuff is necessary to make you believe the truly incredible craziness.
While YES, YES, YES, I absolutely do believe that knowledge is good and vastly desirable, it can also be limiting. It can dam up our creativity. It can thwart our inherent confidence and impede our overall competence. – Natalie Norton
Si Schroder – Elaine’s Porsche – Coping Mechanisms (2006)
South West. 0.
On the B side, 'I'm Down' is an insanely itchy piece of digital raunch. But a lot of the uncouthness has gone, as the big time beckons, perhaps ceded to a new Hurby Azor creation, Antoinette, who raps with the meanest, cold-hearted voice I think I've heard in rap – like she has vinegar for blood.
Your deep voice
05 Emma
She thanks us wholeheartedly. She is moving into an apartment on the other side of the city. Leaving behind the big house with the pool where her children were raised and her husband lived. There is no room where she is going for junk. We leave her yard. Our hearse filled with her husband’s things. Onto the steet, toward the motorway and off to another job. Maybe a young couple clearing a room out for their new born baby. The circle being completed.
Pros: Everyone can honor the men who built this country just the way they were meant to: getting up to $5,000 off of an automobile that, at the mere sight, would have caused these forefathers to lose their minds.
We are in no way interested in dinner and decide to relax at our villa . . . enjoying olives, cheese, pistachios, and of course Prosecco. Linda has thoughtfully brought a trivia game for foodies, and we enjoy many more laughs!
Needless to say, many people were skeptical (to put it mildly) of this venture (see, for instance, the comments thread on my post), especially since there were so few details of the literary agency's inner workings, apart from a bunch of agents with no last names (here's Agent Emily). What would PA do to earn the $199 fee? Would they be marketing new manuscripts, their own books, or both? Would they even send out submissions at all?
We took the Cruz del Sur bus to Tacna. It’s about 20 hours’ ride from Lima, overnight. We had planned to spring for the first-class seats that recline to comfortable sleeping posture, but we waited too late and those seats were all taken. Even the regular seats were the best I’ve ever experienced on a bus. They recline to about 45 degrees, which isn’t bad. There’s a stewardess, and you get two very basic (but not awful) meals on the ride. Even so, 20 hours on a bus is way, way too much. Our seats were in the front, on the second floor, and the lavatory was in the back, so each trip meant clinging to the overhead luggage rails and stumbling like a drunk down a dark, narrow, swaying walkway, trying not to bump into sleeping passengers. Double-decker buses are really cool, but the top level sways a lot, especially on the winding mountain roads, so if you’ve ever suffered from carsickness… book early and spend the extra money for the downstairs seats. Really. Puking in a violently swaying bus lavatory is not fun.
The formula was good, an equal balance of an ongoing story and a story within the episode, with the mini titles for each chapter. Again, "reading" like a comic. Then we have the homages, where everyone on the internet cried "rip off!" and missed the point: the difference between an homage and a rip off is love.
I know. I sound like a lunatic. I sound like a conspiracy theorist. I sound like I am wearing a tinfoil hat. Therefore, I leave you with the astounding proof below. God help us all. Americans, please wake up. Before we are forced into violent rebellion. Of this, I am sure: no red-blooded American would agree with this. But the news is fully controlled and the only way to know about these laws is via the blogging community on the Internet. And it is being taken over as I write. Act now. Stop the passage of the Cybersecurity laws being voted on in the House & Senate today. Call your senators while you still can, my friends. call now.
cari
‘The dark ages’ is how Lalit Kalra describes the state of stroke care before the past three decades. Patients were abandoned at the back of hospital wards. Little was known about the condition and treatment essentially involved bed rest. Close to one-third of patients died within a month and half died within a year.
He’ll party with her
By: Kevin Thurman
Baked Tilapia
God does not allow for disobedience. Saul was king of Israel and in 1 Samuel 15:3 he was told by God to “Go and smite Amalek, and utterly destroy all that they have, and spare them not; but slay both man and woman, infant and suckling, ox and sheep, camel and ass.” Did he obey the Lord? That answer is in verse 9. “But Saul and the people spared Agag, and the best of the sheep, and of the oxen, and of the fatlings, and of the lambs, and all that was good, and would not utterly destroy them; but everything that was vile and refuse, that they utterly destroyed.”
As an American living abroad who has little contact with the kinds of people who hold such opinions, I wonder about how I would talk to them if I did have contact with them. Simic tries so hard to say "we" throughout the essay when he talks about who is being "ignorant." But at the end of the essay, even that approach breaks down: "Despite their bravado, these fools can always be counted on to vote against their self-interest." I know for myself that I react very negatively when people suggest that I am being duped in some way (say, by acting like I am a fool for not agreeing with them that vaccination is a bad thing); I can imagine that such a remark will simply end any chance of conversation.
Mom and I are now digging the colors of the pendant. I wanted to use transparent aqua blue, but thought it would be too overpowering so I used another transparent blue to tone it down (can't remember off the top of my head what color I used). At first I thought it wouldn't work, but once I got to the front side the color started to work for me. I also have a necklace design idea I want to try and make using this pendant. I have to talk to mom and see what she thinks or if she already had an idea she wanted to try.
The awards ceremony was shaded and lovely- I finished in 53:59 and won my age group (two overall female 10K winners were between 20-29, and awards categories were only one place deep since it was a small race). Colea placed first in her age group, too.
I AM NOT INTO ANARCHY, MOTHER! I am into speaking my mind and spewing my guts to total strangers. That’s not anarchy! At least, it wasn’t last time I checked. Maybe the definition has changed. Anyway, I think it’s crazy. I’m tempted to go into her filter and just remove everything. I think the only things that are left (you choose which categories are blocked) are gambling and maybe one or two others. So stupid. So scared. So pathetic.
2) Nothing happened.
What then am I? Am I more senseless grown
Still, Marble hasn't gotten much attention. The only national attention it's received, really, was a mention in Draft magazine's top 25 beers of the year list for From the Wood, a ridiculously smooth barrel-aged ale that the lucky among us sampled at Ska's 15th anniversary party last summer.
They will learn the way adults learn. Something will catch their interest, they will explore it until they are satisfied (for now), and then they'll move on. Later, they'll learn something else that reminds them of that thing they learned before, and they'll make a connection. "Oh, hey, that's like..."
if he only brings a holiday sweater
While in high school, I began researching my ancestry and found that I have deep Scottish roots in Northern Scotland. I acquired a beginner set of pipes and taught myself how to play the great highland bagpipes, “the great war pipes of the north.” I eventually purchased a professional set of pipes and have not been quiet since.
"I want my children to have all the things I couldn't afford. Then I want to move in with them." Phyllis Diller
This time, the wisdom of God finally transcends the Law, which was only ever a stop-gap “until the Seed to whom the promise referred had come” (Gal 3:19).
We set up our computers in this fabulous screened in sun porch. The spring weather was fantastic - just cool enough to make the hot coffee taste even more wonderful. Rosemary has little hummingbird friends and other native Texas birds right outside her windows who shared their joyful songs with us each morning.
Before I donned my majestic Teacher Cape, I had no idea what the phrase "language arts" meant. I mean, what a term straight from academia! Back in the good ol' days, when ink wells and slates were the norm, it was simply called "reading and writing." Nice and straight; nice and forward.
Arthur Machen – The Great God Pan
Ok, so I figured I’d better move on. I’d explored just about all of Nagrand and I loved almost all of it. I’m still not entirely comfortable with these Orcs though. Is it such a crime to sleep in a building that has a proper bed (one word people – hammocks… oh my aching back!) or a touch of sophistication and gentility?
The “Boulevard” terminated, as it still does, at Plaza Callao; a plaza named for the Battle of Callao, a naval stalemate for Spain that took place on May 2 1866 between a Spanish fleet and an alliance of Peru, Chile, Bolivia and Ecuador in the Peruvian port of that name. Quite why it should be celebrated I have no idea, except a naval battle in which Spain was not defeated was probably something to shout about!
I’m so happy to see you!
Last but most certainly not least, our gratitude to everyone who links to us, re-tweets us, recommends us, and otherwise helps us get the word out.
"You hope that there will be lots more steps from Darden's competitors," Nestle said.
This is the proudest moment of my cooking history (as short as it is). This Crème Caramel above is definitely not the most perfect (look at the pesky rips and bubbles in the custard) nor the most artisan caramel pudding around, but I am so so so proud of it because I can now make it for my mother who loves this. :)
CHUNG LING SOO, “The Celestial Chinese Conjurer”
A good friend of mine is studying to be a sommelier, and I enlisted her help in plotting out a plan of attack. She kindly reviewed the vendor list and provided me with detailed written instructions on which vendors and specific wines would be good to try. This information proved crucial, and I printed an extra copy for my stalwart companion who dubbed it our "cheat sheet."
Laid hundreds of little eggs and this was
-Newt Gingrich barely seems worth talking about anymore but on our last Nevada poll he was polling at 21% in the version of the field that didn't include Palin, Mike Huckabee, or Donald Trump. Now he's at 8%. Gingrich still looked like a viable candidate in April before his May implosion and these numbers are a good measure of just how far his support has fallen.
The bag is classic in both style and colour and is perfect for both the office and weekends and will age beautifully.
Do I sit in wallow in my own self pity, depressed because I gave into a moment of weakness? Or do I forget it and move on?
(What is wrong with Corfe Close, you might ask? The guidelines mention the hypothetical residents of No. 4, with their unfortunate hypothetical address, “4 Corfe Close.” To find the naughty meaning, you have to repeat the first two words rapidly many times, preferably in the presence of your fifth-grade classmates.)
However we decide to describe our scenes, we need to keep our characters in mind. They and their problems are the story. The scenes need to reflect this, to be a part of it.
I know I say this when it is any one of my daughters birthdays, but seriously where the heck does the time go?!?
But, second, in response to what Rick said, when we balanced the budget with the 1997 Balanced Budget Act, and ultimately had four consecutive balanced budgets, we doubled the size of the National Institutes of Health because we set priorities. It is possible to do the right things in the right order to make this a bigger, richer, more exciting country.
"I know," she said. "I would never do that to you, either, because I love you."
Q: Tell us about depth of language. How can you teach that? How can a writer improve this skill?
I won't write more about it, as I hope to put a link to the whole talk but he was charming, articulate, modest and intelligent throughout.
I've been trying to be a good blogger... lurking is becoming a bad habit. So yes, those footprints you see around your blog, the candy wrappers... that's all me. Sorry, I'll pick up my mess next time.
heartbeat raised, thud thump,
Ephesians 2:8-10
I punched some leaves from scraps of DP, creased them down the middle to make them have more movement, and tucked them under the rick-rack, lifting them off the surface with some foam tape.
I recently had the honor of being asked by Sarah at 16 Bourne to guest blog on her site. I decided to make a cute, easy craft to contribute. I made this coffee can vase (see below) - and it was SO easy, and free!
As eggs are invariably stored in the fridge, you can bring them to room temperature by sitting them in a bowl of hot tap water for 10 minutes. Interestingly, our habit of refrigerating eggs is not necessarily good for them – they don’t like extremes of temperature (who does?) and prefer a cool environment to a cold one. The bottom of the fridge is the safest place or an unsunny countertop.
It's time to get ready, Bunny!
Who cares about the Afrikaner farmers at all? Has anyone stepped up to the plate to defend the Afrikaaners? Is not the campaign of ethnic cleansing being waged against the Afrikaaners worthy of condemnation? If he is indeed a Nazi, what has been his death toll? And if we are all pious opponents of his alleged Nazism, what has been the death toll of our disgraceful silence?
And here we are sharing stories with the runner on the ground--who couldn't exactly get up. (Marathon tip: don't get on the ground right after the race, unless you plan on staying there for a while. Getting up is a challenge.)
Even the poorest thing shines.
Out of the ashes of Auschwitz and Treblinka, something amazing has happened, a miracle in our own time.
And the Langdowns are kind of celebrating today. On account of the public holiday, and to make up for the fact that we didn't go on our annual long weekend adventure, we're having a picnic by the river with the extended family this morning. Derek's parents, my parents, Derek's brother and family, four medium sized kids and two big kids (with husband/wife) and ALL the dogs. We're off to eat a chicken brunch by the Murrumbidgee River and play a bit of cricket and perhaps some soccer. It will be a nice day.
The word be
3) Go big or go home.
I Was Made For Loving You
I’m heading back down to the Dark Portal (and I am TOTALLY going to check on the naga and murlocs that ACC mentioned while I’m down that way). I’ll write more from Outland once I get there.
I knew how love withdrawn, was suppose to feel when the times I could not be near you
While the weather has been absolutely delightful for the last two days (I actually sat outside, barelegged, without freezing!) the weeks before have been pretty icy. I'm feeling so ready for spring to break through (which would be kind of ridiculous, it's still winter for crying out loud) but until it's actually warm enough to go out in flowery dresses without tights or cardi's I'll just have to work around the temperature and find a way to bring these springy colors into my winter wardrobe! Don't we all?
Here are the lyrics in all their glory:
MOM: It’s gonna come back up, big time. In the bedroom, too.
Wow I think I hit a nerve with my previous post epiphanies. All those who wrote in with their opinions, good for you. I completely salute all you ladies out there who can get a frosting to stay as frosting and substitute ingredients with what's available, in India. But I love my convenience way too much than baking or cooking to oversee it, so I am gonna stick to what I said.
And the No. 1 movie remake starring Atty. Vitaliano Aguirre and Sen. Miriam Defensor-Santiago…
Separate the eggs, placing yolks in a small bowl and whites in a clean, medium bowl. Beat egg yolks; then fold yolks, kale, chives, salt and pepper into potatoes. Use clean electric beaters or a large whisk to whip egg whites until firm, but not stiff. Fold a quarter of them into potato mixture, then gently fold in the rest.
to hurl at stars
Before you leap in and tell me about Quince Paste, let me say I tried making it one year. It becomes a seething, boiling, volcanic hell-hole of a saucepan. It spits lava at you. Hot, blistering lava. The only sensible way to stir it is with a towel wrapped around your arm.
First we have my Beatnik, which I am really enjoying despite the fact that the cabling gets tiring after while. I'm finished with the back and a sleeve, and now working on the front and the other sleeve.
I was upset when I heard the story on the news concerning our Canadian Women Hockey Team that after a much awaited for victory and years of hard work, the ladies decided to have a little party on the ice. Two hours after the women's hockey team won 2-0 over the American team in the final, the medalists went back on the ice. They had waited until all the fans had cleared the building and being in a state of joyousness gravitated out to the arena where they had had their glorious win. To be connected to the ice where it all began and ended. Only to be ratted out by an American journalist who had just seen his team trounced.
My mudding boots have earned their moniker when I've headed out into the bush. The trails, the dirt roads, are all but glacially flowing rivers of soaked-to-the-point-of-squishy. My gators are worn to keep my pant legs clean and dry. The snow I've encountered is slushy and dirty looking. Although the resorts are starting to ketchup on their snow-packs skiers and boarders bitch about the texture.
Very interesting news article... Especially if you keep up with all the talk about how U.S. kids do on standardized tests as compared to other nations. Read the entire article. (If you only read the beginning, you miss a lot...)
In my own neighborhood, our local high school, stands to gain if some of the engaged parents north of I-20 become stakeholders and advocates for our soon-to-be IB school. I have already predicted that in just a few years, our high school will become a school-of-choice in the community, but our neighbors to the north don’t want to hear it.
Also finished DEVOURED, a dark, modern take on Snow White. The whole heart eating thing was a little creepy, but it was a fun read.
To capture valiant promises, my heart would lead the way.
By the end of 3 weeks my system was so overloaded with puffy preservatives that I could feel them popping through my skin. I took one last bite of sodium bisulphate and threw the rest of the mess out vowing that the kids would eat well from then on. And we did, too. There have been no mixes in the house for over 2 years. Oh, the odd cake mix and spaghetti sauce but everything was hand made from that day forth. You know, it took 2 months for their taste buds to reboot so that they could taste real food and recognize the grease content at McPinkslimes.
A truely stupid display of who they think is important considering it is based on and tallied from missing truckloads of uncounted votes. The Elementary School children of Iowa could have been more professional, but they don't have a hidden agenda to ignore and make sure the only candidate U.S. Solders and Americans at home respect isn't acknowledged, is too radical and can't win...because the Republican Party rigged the election rules at the last minute before voting, because for the first time in Iowa they decide to move the ballots around in a giant shell game, because the Republican Party and their multimillionaire lying dishonest party favorites can hardly wait to get into office and change nothing.
My earring holder is leaning at an angle in our closet in these sweater box shelves. If you wanted to make your earring holder hang on the wall, you could affix a ribbon to it on the back of the frame. I don't know how well this would work though, as the hook type earrings sort of poke through the back of the mesh.
The problem is though, that when you get to enjoy all that hype and buzz the music media and blogosphere have created for you, it’s hard to stay grounded. While arrogance and frequent use of ‘fuck’ on stage can be interpreted as confidence by some, to others it’s quite off-putting.
I hear machines beeping, nurses’ shoes squeaking on the floor, and recognize that antiseptic smell. There are five nurses walking around the room. They all smile at me and make cute comments about Anna. Jeff’s nurse leads me to his bedside. He appears to be asleep.
Have you held her close, admiring the way the candlelight dances on her fangs?
As I came up the stairs yesterday, I stopped and looked over our photographs. It was a 'this is your life moment'... My son as a 4 year old, blonde headed and cuddly, my daughters as they no longer wish to be remembered (chubby but adorable...) and my daughters as gorgeous teenagers... I saw my husband as he was when we married, I was reminded of my father in the streets of Arles, I glimpsed a peak of Venice and I had the bittersweet reminder of a friend who is no longer with me... That is the beauty of photographs... they transport... and they enable us to time travel for the briefest of moments... xv
Because I'm a schmoopy sentimental, I gave each of my ten friends at dinner a personal little toast -- they all mean so much to me. (So much that I spilled wine on myself in my effort to show them that!)
3. You don’t really need to include a plot; the romance element can cunfuse people into thinking you have one.
FACT: Geoffrey Beevers is credited as the Melkur to conceal the plot twist of the Master’s return, and the name Tremas is also an anagram of Master.
run further
The Spirit of Xmas
and loathing
I’m trying my hardest and my very best to be good.
When I got home, I rubbed both sides of the tuna steak with some course sea salt and multi-colored peppercorns, then put the marinade on it and stuck it in the fridge for an hour.
where he was hiding before.
Article 9 "Made public" provided in Item 1 of Article 10of the Copyright Law means that a copyrighter publishes his/her works voluntarily to a non-specific group of people or that publishing a copywriter's works to a non-specific group of people after obtaining the copywriter's consent, but being known by the public is not a composite condition for that.
SCHLESSINGER: -- and not enough sense of humor.
I prayed a prayer of guidance. I prayed a prayer of wisdom. I prayed a prayer to have the Holy Spirit guide me as I worked on a speaking engagement to have my thoughts, ideas, and training points led by God to make an impact on the audience who would be receiving the message. And as I wrote, as my hand graced the paper in front of me, as the ink quickly filled the spaced lines, I found myself reveling in what looked like nothing to anyone who could see me.
To explore New York to the fullest and not get blinded by its so-called glamorous sides, events, and anything that attracted them because of a famous TV show.
The Craft Beer Co works not only because of the range of beers available but because it meets the tastes and sates the beery appetites of an ever evolving beer market filled with drinkers who want their next beer to be their best beer and who aren't afraid to stretch their beer horizons.
'Nana (Banana)
The campaign website of National Assembly speaker (and presidential candidate) Dioncounda Traoré says he is in Burkina Faso, where he has met about the situation in Bamako with President Blaise Compaoré. This would explain why the CNRDR doesn’t have him in custody.
AB: Rumors are always swirling around everything, specifically in sports. The NHL is not currently looking to expand, nor do I think they will look to do so in the upcoming decade. The only professional sports league that has more than 30 teams is the NFL, and any league is nuts if they believe they can compete with Roger Goodell. Contraction, however, is a different issue. Do I think that the league has 30 financially healthy teams? No. But is it really helpful to contract teams? I’m not too sure about that, but it surely doesn’t look good public relations-wise if the league shuts down franchises that it granted just a couple decades ago. No sports league has an even playing field when it comes to money, because every franchise is run differently and various markets respond differently to everything. The NHL needs to find a way to get a more even keel for all 30 teams. You’re never going to prevent the Montreals or the New Yorks or the Philadelphias or Torontos from dominating the market financially. But there are ways to balance the playing field immensely and make sure that the Floridas, Tampa Bays, Dallases, and Phoenixes are able to fairly compete.
I am consantantly on a pursuit of being as vegan (and healthy vegan) as possible. During the week especially I eat probably 75-80% vegan. It’s hard because sometimes a subway club just is what I need to be satisfied. Or I eat out with my boyfriend on the weekend and splurge. I will never be 100% vegan. I will never say I will go the rest of my life and never eat another meat or dairy product again. Because I will. Is that healthy? No. Ive come to agree with the vegan school of thought. In my opinion dairy is not good for you. Cow’s milk is intended to make a baby calf into a 300 lb cow. Sooo…. yeah. In my opinion, meat is not good for you. It may be the only source of Vit B12, however, taking it in supplemental form is just fine and the cons far outweigh the pros in terms of meat intake. I’m not preaching, just stating my opinion. There’s research to support both sides of the argument. The only recommendation I have is to do your own research and make your own educated decisions.
So whatever your qualification, why not consider the engineering sector?
Then we prepared for our first dinner guests here at Casa La Crazy! One of my favorite cousins(aka the one I woke up at 3 am to make her precious cinnamon rolls) and her hubby came to spend a couple of hours with us. My kids have not seen her since September so they were all very excited.
Edwards appeal was dimming. His family life in tatters. His wife’s health was deteriorating and the mistress was about to give birth. The series of denials that followed was pathetic. A man caught in his own web of lies could only stand by and watch his hopes and dreams go up in smoke. The scandal that followed was jaw dropping.
I have been observing, for a year now, those chic Parisiennes who maneuver their way through rush hour traffic, in high heels and stylish skirts. How could they be so oblivious to the dangers around them, I wondered. I envied their bravada. I envied their ability to look so glamorous and put themselves in the spotlight -- sitting so tall and gorgeous astride their velos, being admired by all the men in cars and buses.
“Yes sir?”
Simply put, every source of electric power for businesses and consumers should have its true, full costs put into the final price the consumers of electricity pay. The same should apply to oil products like gasoline.
DEC Commissioner Joe Martens will release the fracking study on Friday at 11 a.m.According to a brief summary produced by DEC, the Cuomo administration will recommend that hydrofracking be allowed in New York. However, the practice would be prohibited in the New York City and Syracuse watersheds and on state-owned land including forest areas and parks.
Police said they responded to a prowler call late Sunday night at 5400 block of Lake Margaret Drive (see map) after a neighbor said they saw 45-year-old Eligio Isalgue peeking through the victim’s apartment windows.
Yet it’s the men who can’t control themselves on the streets, where from Morocco to Yemen, sexual harassment is endemic and it’s for the men’s sake that so many women are encouraged to cover up. Cairo has a women-only subway car to protect us from wandering hands and worse; countless Saudi malls are for families only, barring single men from entry unless they produce a requisite female to accompany them.
You would think that the media would be more forthcoming about the fact that they are interviewing one of their own. But they often don’t because they don’t want to jeopardize their access to the victim’s family.
So anyway, we come out of the grocery store and the TM says "Obama's Gone!"
As long as they are physically capable we turn very few applicants away. I do feel sorry for the boy, virtually blind from childhood in one eye, that I have to turn away. That disability could compromise his safety in a minefield, but I know he will have no other opportunities in this village. I turn down some other boys for being under age. They may state firmly that they are 19, but giving me their real date of birth (and the documentation to prove it) is a bit of a give away. They are disappointed, but philosophical, joining their chums and watching proceedings as we provide the day's entertainment.
Wish I had been nicer in high school. I think I was mostly okay, but could have been better.
I am finally waving my white flag and accepting that it just is what it is.
button through placket
Me: "You're tilting your head. Does it not look good?"
and wait
Gold rose borders are stickers
I wonder if they therapy for this?
Political leaders have even begun to encourage the churches to preach social justice to win influence within the realm of the church. BUT they are not promoting the type of action in our communities that the Bible commands, they are preaching socialism.
Losing the HRM signal and never getting it back:
Sean
It’s time for all of us to be brave in admitting what the moral truth is about artificial contraception. It’s not a time to by shy, retiring, and politically correct. Sometimes people come up to me and say, “in my parish it’s not permitted to talk about that.” How sad. Where is the sign of the brave shepherd?
However, you may have noticed some changes to the security arrangements for this evening’s entertainment. In the past, if you were unlucky a particularly officious steward might have a Hard Look at your badge. I remember one year having some trouble convincing one fellow that my likeness had been taken whilst my moustache was benefiting from the lush pastures of the Welland Valley.
Aroma: The first impression is of soft, rounded grapefruit citric notes. The second visit reveals an undercurrent of spruce. A final nosedive brings on the spruce brigade!
Bearfeet slippers with no soles,
Porn industry to Rick Santorum: Butt out – Nick Ut / AP file – Hustler magazine magnate Larry Flynt says there’s no evidence porn is harmful. – by James Eng, msnbc.com
Now there was a movie that, while not necessarily good by any stretch of the imagination, sure did make the most of its 15 minutes of fame by capitalizing on the fact that it featured Jolly Saint Nick as a killer. ...welll, maybe not Santa per se, but a dressed-up psycho facsimile who traveled from rooftop to rooftop killing, murdering, raping, pillaging, impaling, et cetera.
“Dugdall proves to be a smart new voice in the crime fiction genre”
With only a few exceptions, it’s one long song. Rolling Stone’s Kurt Loder said it best: “You could count the actual melodies here on Mickey Mouse’s fingers.” The ones that stand out are recycled from “Mother”, “The Final Cut”, “In The Flesh” and “The Fletcher Memorial Home”, and the effect isn’t so much clever self-reference but laziness and lack of inspiration. “Sexual Revolution” attempts to provide a beat, but it turns out this was a Wall reject. He delivers “Go Fishing” so histrionically it’s no wonder she left him in the country. The title track is catchy, but the cryptic references to Yoko Ono, Dick Tracy and Shane only make it seem like another dream. The song everyone likes is “Every Stranger’s Eyes”, which is mostly one of his litany lists, but has enough of a decent backing to make it soar.
Republicans envision an administration in which Romney has relegated himself to a kind of head-of-state role, at least domestically, with Ryan as the actual head of government. Read the rest of Chait's piece. It's worthwhile. One consistant element emerging from every dissection I read of Ryan's plan is consistent was pinpointed by Ezra Klein last year, comparing the Simpson-Bowles deficit reduction plan to the Paul Ryan version:
On Christmas Eve (or in our case, the last night we’re in Spain before coming home) the kids are supposed to sing a Catalan song, which roughly translates to “poop log poop!” (but even more profane than that) while hitting the log with a stick. Then they reach under the blanket to see what the log has produced for them, and there is supposed to be some small presents and Christmas candies.
The Little Traverse Bay group and the Bay Mills Indian Community near Sault Ste. Marie in the eastern Upper Peninsula sent separate letters to the university earlier this week protesting its continued holding of Indian remains.
In a faux commencement address by Woody Allen he wrote “More than at any other time in history, humanity is at a crossroads: one path leads to despair and utter hopelessness; the other, to total extinction. Let us pray we have the wisdom to choose correctly.”
She saw the water-lily bloom,
About 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice
The next day I did my last job for Bob, who gallantly provided me with a man who could stick his arm out of the window if I wished to turn left. Fortunately, the route was only six miles long and quite direct, so neither of us were required to perform any hand signals.
-$5000
Half the winter’s to come – and mair”
You know that feeling, when you have created something,
Spring time to me in southern Ontario, was while cycling, marked by these annual flowers as well as the purple bunches and smell of lilacs and yellow brilliance of forsythia bushes. Once we cycled a 120 km. trip between Toronto and Hamilton’s Royal Botanical Gardens, where there was a large demonstration area of a wide variety of lilacs.
Remember the passengers who knew. Remember telephone calls and last goodbyes. “I love you! …I’ve got to go now.” Remember how they fought back and sacrificed themselves — most likely saving the United States Congress in the process.
11. Mockingbird Girl
There are a couple of stories that go with this recipe, not to mention the fact that it is one of my family's faves and one of my brothers fall down on the floor and moan if you put peanut butter and honey on a warm slice (honey first folks) let it soak into that warm bread and then the JIF peanut butter. JIF is truly the best. I should mention here, day old banana bread out of the fridge toasts brilliantly! I just like butter on mine. Everyone else uses honey and peanut butter.
If hat and gloves are more your style, our gift card will buy you a lot of lace and feathers.
Next thing is something to release the air from the tires, one has to press the little rod in the center of the filling stub down.
Riva stepped back, as if sizing up the two of us — tall me, super short Marlene. Two over the hill ladies with over sized purses, plenty of grey hair between us, and sensible shoes. Okay, so my shoes are sensible. Marlene wears anything from combat boots to spikes. Thank the good Lord she wore sneakers today. Maybe not, she had a hole in the toe.
This rather technical report provides lists of information pertaining to the technology, materials, isotope separation, reactors, and other information pertaining to previously classified weapons production information.
The second piece of good news is that Nicola Morgan, a continuing source of good, sensible advice on her blog "Help, I need a Publisher," about how to write publishable books for children and young adults, has started a new service. www.pen2publication.co.uk is worth a visit for anyone who feels they have written something that is almost there for a young audience.
Paying takes at LEAST forty-five minutes.
But then I followed up with, "But what if I'd said that you weren't?" She looked at me, bewildered. I told her, "Not being skinny isn't a bad thing, honey. You know that, right?" She nodded her head, a bit confused, and returned to brushing her hair while gazing at herself. After a few seconds she asked, "But I AM skinny, right?" I didn't answer.
You can look it up.
Eventually, we made our way through the mall and headed towards the door we came in. Josh wanted to stop in a shop to look a little more before leaving. Michaela and I weren't much interested, so we went into a little boutique. I spotted some really neat shoes and bent down to take a closer look at them. Just about the time I did that Michaela says "Mommy, they want $112.00 for this dress! That's ridiculous!"
Aside from those DIY type updates, the bathroom totally needs some decorative textiles to help blend the blue and pink spaces together. Right now those spaces feel totally disconnected and some carefully coordinated textiles will help the bathroom feel like one cohesive space. Here's what I'm thinking it needs....
Remember Gods word in Genesis 50:20 you intended to harm me, but God intended it all for good. He brought me to this position so I could save the lives of many people. Keep this scripture at heart when the adversary tries to attack you.
~that our young people are very well our hope (the older generation has fucked it up pretty good, dontcha think?),
In April 2010 I had considerably more hair, with considerably more redness…..
How do you defend a city surrounded by enemies and riddled with traitors, when your allies can by no means be trusted, and your predecessor vanished without trace? It's enough to make a torturer want to run – if he could even walk without a stick – and Inquisitor Glokta needs to find answers before the Gurkish army comes knocking at the gates.
Whenever you take digital photos, you transfer them from your camera to your computer so that you can save them, email them, use them with digital scrapbooking programs, upload them to sharing websites, post them to Facebook, etc. If you've been using a digital camera, then you know how easy it is to get those photos from the camera to the computer. And you probably store all your photos in one handy place so you can find them easily later ("My Photos", for example).
I had suspected this might happen, but other than the fact that I couldn't do my cotton candy berm now, I really didn't mind. The purpose of this experiment was more about going through the process of creating the domes, rather than having some perfect finished product.
Time is short,
The Development Control Group of the URA puts out detailed Development Control Parameters that guide what can and cannot be developed in Singapore, depending on the type of development the area is zoned for. Broadly speaking, we can classify it into two major parts, Residential and Non-Residential developments.
An interesting weekend for coverage of beer.
A plume of radiation above New York City leads to a warehouse where, it seems, a powerful nuclear bomb was assembled just hours before.
The next morning is the same as the previous three mornings.
For these tracks Mavin is joined by the Venatics (aka Russ, Joan and Neill). I’m assuming these three people are related to Mavin in some way – perhaps his long-suffering wife and two adult children? You can almost hear them cringing with embarrassment as they sing the lines of He-Be – Har-Be (All Join In), described on the label as a ‘disco/dance’. Released on Mavin's own Havasong label, I love the way that he has stolen its chorus from the Salvation Army’s battle cry, and the two-note trombone solo is a thing of pure joy, reminiscent in some way of the guitar solo on the Buzzcock’s Boredom – itself appropriated by Edwin Collins for the Orange Juice classic Rip It Up. Its flip Me-Me and You (a ‘disco/ballad’ apparently) is a sweet little love song with some nicely atmospheric guitar touches. But disco it ain’t.
a lark
Rounds 15 – 20: Repeat round 14, always join as above. (You should now have eight dc rows)
The bones were there...good, solid oak cabinets, but a little "1980's" and definately a lot blah.
2010.07.30 Afghanistan Kunduz 3 19 Children are among the casualites when a suicide bomber detonates at a soccer game.
Someone out there has the coolest job ever. They work at O.P.I. and get to come up with all the cute clever names for the amazing nail polish they create. Yeah, a little jealous. I could come up with super cute clever names. But was I told that this was an option? No. Why? Because someone out there wanted me to be a lawyer or something. Lame. Instead of grad school I could be sitting in a cute office surrounded by nail polish and polka dots. Some of my favorite things.
Well, let me tell you, you really have nothing to be afraid of. I took a major step years ago and left a job that paid very well to get into radio. This just as I was starting my family. Ya, I was afraid. But it seems to have turned out alright.
It exploded in Fortaleza, it already rocked João Pessoa,
I thought today was just going to be awful. I got Wei Yin Chen on an 8x10 of me and him. It was raining and I hadn't seen a player til roughly 2:45. my dad got Josh Hamilton on a copy of a book for my friend Trent who hadn't gotten him the day before. I got over to one part of the players entrance I had learned Alexi Ogando had signed. I was angry. I really wanted him. He then came out and I was stoked to get my photo with him. Inside right away I was able to get Matt Harrison to sign a card. Since the Rangers weren't hitting due to a late start of Orioles BP due to rain only the pitchers were out. A bunch of people left the well to go to the outfield for Yu Darvish. He randomly came running in and I somehow got him over. I got him on a ball. I then went along the third baseline and got Derek Holland on an 8x10 of me and him and a card. I got Mark Lowe on a 2011 World Series Ball, since he will sort of be remembered for giving up the homerun to Freese. I also got a pic with him. I then got a pic with Koji Uehara. I witnessed absolute history as Josh Hamilton hit 4 homeruns and a double going 5 for 5. After the game all I got was a pic with Robbie Ross and a pic with Matt Harrison. I also got Stuart Pomeranz on the ticket from the day before since it was his MLB debut.
But I was intrigued from the beginning by "Americans in Paris: Life and Death Under Nazi Occupation" by Charles Glass.
“To Grimsville, Idaho?”
U.S. private-sector payroll growth slowed sharply in May, falling to the lowest level in eight months and prompting some economists to lower forecasts for job growth in Friday’s U.S. government report.
Red velvet chocolate sponge cake sandwiched between decadent layers of light cream cheese.
Explosive Eighteen by Janet Evanovich
3. Rudolph, the Red-Nosed Reindeer
On March 6 at 5:30 in the morning, mommy and daddy put me in the car to take me to the hospital to get tubes in my ears.
After my mothers second divorce, I was left wondering what a marriage was supposed to be? What was a real father? Would I have one? Would I ever know what to expect? I have never, and will never blame my mother for the choices that she made, the men she married, or the bullshit she delt with. I know that love is a powerful thing, and sometimes people turn into someone you never expected they could be. Instead I admire my mom. She always had the strength to see a way out, and to continue pushing on for us kids.
Wednesday, 5/2: Lettuce wraps filled with spicy shrimp, fruit
They still have to appear upbeat at a moments notice (TV presenters, not anally challenged hippos).
Obviously any new development requires some resourcing, even one as minimal as this. But cost is a poor excuse for doing nothing. It does not cost much to post a file to a blog -- as PatLit and the IPKat demonstrate. Charged appropriately, it could even cover its own costs. It is exactly the sort of project that an institute like IBIL might take on as a pilot scheme. With the arrival of an advocate for open justice like Sir Robin Jacob, fresh from the Patents Court and Court of Appeal, IBIL would in fact be the perfect vehicle for demonstrating a UK pilot scheme of open justice on the web.
This will be a new adventure for me...for us. And I can't wait. So please come visit me friends...even if it's the "east side" :)
Coronal Mass Ejection
“Don’t underestimate your 4 year old’s batting arm…the bat may be closer than you think…ouch!”
Besides, we all know that Imopup is mucho better than the current cur that pretends to be a leader taking yet another exhausting vacation.
On the way at a shop we find some flowers.. A very special flower… Said to bloom just one night in a year, in the plains… Grows more in the Himalaya heights… The flower of Brahma, that grows from the navel of Vishnu… A real rare flower… The Brahma Kamal, the state flower of Uttarakhand…
34 Go to the left side of the Property inspector and assign an Instance name to the text field: name it letter_txt.
- Tennis Tournament that takes donations, raffles off prizes
My cousin, Kathleen, and her hubby, Eric's, baby girl turned one years old this past Saturday, and we gathered in Asheboro on Sunday for her birthday party! She was even CUTER than usual (if that's even possible!) in her pink tutu and one-sie with a sparkly pink "1" on it! Lots of family and friends attended to celebrate this sweet girl, and it was such a fun time! She seemed to have a blast and was feeling the affects of the sugar from that cupcake because she was all over the place. She loved her presents and was the princess of the party! What a great day!
-- On day one of lessons ... wearing my stupid tango shoes ... Somebody has been selling something here. And somebody has been buying it. It includes at least some shoes.
Further up the roads is my own favourite, the Bowling Green - a great winter pub with its log fires, and opposite is The Millstone which was once owned by my great Auntie Annie. Further up out of town was her daughter's woolshop which looked exactly like the one in Wallace and Gromit's A Close Shave (another Wigan connection for the duo perhaps - the council are claiming they live in Wigan because of an A-Z in their latest film!)
The first is to do with the technical difficulties in getting the exposure, composition and focus right when you can’t actually look through the lens – at least if you want to avoid the cliché of just standing in front of the mirror with your camera in front of your face.
He said the submarine acquisition would also contribute significantly towards creating a more balanced capability of the Malaysian Defence Forces.
I'm a firm believer that historical fiction fans are made, not born. Ask any HF nut to list the catalyst for their obsession: the eyes light up, and out comes the confession that stumbling over their mother's Georgette Heyer collection led them to Jane Austen and an obsession with everything Regency; or that the discovery of Anya Seton's novel Katherine in seventh grade turned them into rabid readers of the Middle Ages. Historical movies and TV shows seem to be just as formative in conversion to the religion that is HF: a 70s “Six Wives of Henry VIII” BBC mini-series might seem dated and slow-paced compared to Showtime's sleek and racy “Tudor”s show with Jonathan Rhys Meyers, but it converted thousands (including my mother) into Tudorphiles, just as “Downton Abbey” is converting thousands today into Anglophiles.
Light up the night
What judgment is coming to them for their great and mighty sins when Jesus who died for all men to be saved tells them Depart from me I never you. I was in prison I was sick and I was poor and you never lifted one finger to help me. When Lord when did we do this to you will these hypocrites ask him. They are so blind to their own sins that they do not even see they are the people Jesus referred to.
They fail to mention: The bonus loophole was inserted by Democrat Senator Chris Dodd in the so-called Stimulus bill.
Happy Friday, everyone! It's weird, but even when you aren't working, Fridays still feel good. The big difference is that Sunday evenings and Monday mornings also feel good.
I was asked to reply Piyush Pandey’s comment and I did but was not carried in the story , so here is my reply
the quiet agony of loss
I have not checked to see whether Steph has featured the following piece but I thought it would be nice to give something back in way of a thank you. This was the first Violin concerto I ever heard and therefore is kind of special. It is the Mendelssohn Violin Concerto in E Minor, Op 64. Thanks Steph, I hope you like it.
With apologies. . .
Here are some reasons:
The two were bundled, wrapped in plastic and left outside in a wee portablevgreenhouse to solar dye until I get back. We will see if steaming or immersion dyeing will be needed to develop the colours.
Pack the frozen yogurt into a storage container, alternating spoonfuls of yogurt with spoonfuls of the blueberry sauce, and do not mix them. (You’re basically creating pockets and splotches of sauce within the frozen yogurt.) Press a sheet of parchment directly against the surface, and seal with an airtight lid. Freeze until firm, at least 4 hours.
To no
Glossy Accent
Dogizilla Black IPA
Ground turkey meat. Once browned add first six ingredients. Stir in well. Lightly add flour little by little to thicken up meat mixture. Next lay lettuce and carrots, mixed, onto center of plate(s). Add meat, dividing among the plates evenly. Lastly sprinkle cheese and then chow mien noodles on top. Voila! Yum yum yum!
First up....
run around the corner to the main entrance to get in by himself.
The company is located in Miami, where I live, so I went to visit once before. I had already been told that it would be arranged for me to come see the new 2011 lineup, so wasn't entirely unexpected, but I didn't think it'd be today. It was rather a surprise. Anyway, like the first time, I had a lot of fun. I got to see prototypes of their entire 2011 line (click on any photo for a bigger version):
A good place to start knowing about his character is through some of the names given to Him in the bible. His goodness radiates through all his names.
Now Lear? Now? It’s too late. It’s too too late. You see you gave it all up.
After I became a Christian I had a tonne of questions. I think we all did. I wanted them immediately answered. I never felt that I was getting the answers that I wanted or were necessarily accurate. These two books answered many of my questions. Where they couldn't answer my exact questions they enabled me to let go and trust God. I may not have all the answers and others smarter than I may not have the answers, but God has the answers. These book encouraged me to trust that alone. That I didn't need the answers to believe. God was worth more than my little questions. Sometimes I still struggle with trust issues and let those lingering questions take over, but then I remember the God that redeemed me and restored me and I trust.
I've made a tradition out of hand-delivering the manuscripts of the Breweries books to my editor, Kyle Weaver, at Stackpole Books in Mechanicsburg, Penn., starting with the first edition of Pennsylvania Breweries. This one, as Kyle pointed out, marked 10 years that we've been working together. So after I dropped off the chunk of paper, and told him a few stories about putting the book together, we went out to lunch at the Pizza Grille in Camp Hill I had a Tröegs Pale Ale -- actually, we both did; Kyle's onto good beer now too, and always seeks out the locals when he travels -- and a really different mushroom pizza, with smoked mozzarella, and a wild mushroom puree instead of the traditional tomato sauce. Delicious, and the beer was great.
Asa Philip Randolph (April 15, 1889 – May 16, 1979) was a prominent twentieth-century African-American civil rights leader and the founder of both the March on Washington Movement and the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters, a landmark for labor and particularly for
There are thousands of recipes for bread and this is the one I used to make my flower pot loaves last weekend.
Recently, I find myself preparing many one-dish meal or one-pot meal for dinner. Should I blame the hot weather or just my plain laziness? I'm just not in the mood for cooking. So when I saw Ellena's Kimchi Tofu Soup, I decided to have it as a hotpot by adding more ingredients to the soup.
Since pregnancy cannot be regarded as a burden, but in fact it is a blessing, a woman who passes away whilst in the process of delivering, is given the status of a martyr.
* The seizure of all the possessions of the religious congregations and the abolition of all the bishoprics, which constitute an enormous liability on the Nation and on the privileges of the poor.
1926
I mean, how can he be with **Miley**??? Ick. And I have to say that after reading the books, I was team Peeta all the way (that was before I saw who was playing him in the movie, not as impressive, but *meh*), so there you have it. Muzzle. (c:
Ibizarre has some new releases and a great coat for Lazy Sunday….ready for some cute and stylish offers from Ibizarre?
So what is the problem with Gobies and why are they such a big deal? I personally have noticed that they spawn like crazy, eat other species food and eggs, and survive in almost all climates. To prove my observation “Once round gobies arrive they can become the dominant fish species. Round Gobies prefer rocky, shallow areas, but have flourished in a variety of habitat types. Regardless of the habitat, round Gobies are very aggressive fish that compete with native fishes for food and space. Anglers who fish in areas with round Gobies often find that the gobies steal their bait and appear to be the only type of fish in the area”(USGS). Gobies make it hard for fish close to extinction to survive and affect the population of other fish previously thriving.
Nothing says sunshine to me like flowers. Hope y'all enjoy them as much as I do. I may revisit this theme later in the week for some yellows that aren't flowers.
Here I've used an old jar top with the rainbow backing paper from the Oz collection and the owl from the Woodland Whimsies stamp set. I put some magnetic tape on the back and turned it into a fridge magnet.
When I heard about these two escapees from the Wonderful World of Disney, I hinted that perhaps the jig was up and they should quit feeding the wild animals. But with true grace, Indiana acknowledged the intelligence of his foe and observed that this battle was just now getting interesting.
S is for song! That's what my card is all about and one of my favorite things about Christmas is the beautiful music and Christmas carols. I used the Winter Wonderland cartridge to cut that cute shaped layer that my image is stamped on using the tag feature. How have I not used that feature before??
Perhaps the most controversial comments were from Finchley traders association campaigner Helen Michael. She urged all Tory voters to "Back Boris and Sack Brian (Coleman)" and distributed leaflets showing all the shops closed by Brian Colemans parking policies. Helen is a core Tory voter and completely alienated by Coleman.
Anyway, the other ladies did not like this, so they complained to their husbands. They exaggerated and the event and made their husbands very angry. Those rishis were driven by fate to believe their wives and they decided to go and have a word with Gautama.
4. Jackey Yoshikawa & His Blue Comets - Lovers Shake
Author: Jill Eileen Smith
FH: I think it would be a good idea to hold a spring festival as well, and to have double the events so people have a choice, have it more concentrated.
In finding a great craft, I also discovered a book I had never heard of and in fact, found the best Valentine’s Day story time ever.
2. Sift the flour, two tablespoons sugar, the baking powder, and salt into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Blend in the butter on low speed and mix until the butter is the size of peas. Combine the eggs and heavy cream and, with the mixer still on low, add to the flour and butter mixture. Mix until just blended.
Earlier, when Seth had pulled up in front of her rented house, he’d asked to see her cell phone. She’d handed it over, resigned by then to his strange behavior, and he’d programmed a number into it. “My office number,” he’d said. “Call me any time.” She’d presumed he was still playing games with her, but maybe he’d expected her to find other strangenesses. This might not be another dead body, but it was strange.
A variant originating from the station of Blora, located rule Central Java. This variant is prepared of treacherous ( meat and skin ) pieces that are smaller compared to the other variants. Honest is normally eaten curtain peanut relish, rice, and a methodical variance unreal of coconut milk and herbs. Unlike other variants, sate Blora is normally grilled mark front of buyers through they are eating. The buyers communicate the vendor to barricade grilling when they are finished hold back their meal.
Parking-costs: 10,00 Euros (!!!!Horror!!!)(Secret number for getting into the parking-house after the show: ****)
The most ridiculous aspect of this memo is that the supervisors and owners of my previous place of work never owned up to their mistakes, even after driving some of their best workers away on multiple occasions. This company has a history of harassing its employees and blatantly covers their misconduct, pretending their workers are the problem. In reality, the problem is with the owners. I don’t call slashing employee meal benefits and berating workers when they make simple mistakes being part of a very good solution. Their only solution is to shut up all unsatisfied and severely underpaid workers to make an extra couple of dollars. I simply tried to call in sick as to not infect my customers but they would rather send me to be unemployed with my fiance (who has been jobless for ever five months) I don’t see how a person with a heart or a company in our community with a conscious could do such a thing. Oh, by the way, their food is processed and mostly frozen anyway, fresh bread my ass!
Tracy leaves a huge portion of the fish on the tail, which she can’t get off, but her portioning is good. Adrien finally cuts his fish, and while his portions aren’t as good as the other two cooks, he at least gets his filet in the pan before Tracy. They all make it to the judges’ table on time, though, and then comes the hard part.
I understand that they will be surrounded by people at school who will challenge their beliefs and standards. That they will have to choose who they will be. I totally get that. 007 and I let our oldest go to a bus stop and hang out with kids that were if-y but didn't sheild him from the consequences of hanging out with these kids when he got I.S.S. for fighting on school property. He has made the choice to find different friends because of this.
Notice how rare it is that someone would say,” Of course I am being a jerk, but it is entirely justified!” People tend to just skip the middle part and focus on “I AM…JUSTIFIED!”
'The old dog is close!'
I will recommend non-fiction books that made enough of an impression on me to actually influence what I DO (or try to do). As for fiction, that depends on what the people I’m talking to are looking for.
But all that I know is you, your touch and your smile.
Now, onto the third member of the team, he’s the other baldie in the picture and he’s called Vivek Anger, oops sorry, I mean Angre!
In bed in the morning: how I long to feel FREE. Not dreaming any longer all these stories of guilt and having to atone for sins. Being free of all the pain and stiffness and blocks in the head/neck-area.
This unity can only be experienced in the truth. There is no unity in the false Trinity concept. It is the seed of men that mingles with men, but does not cause them to cleave one to another.
End of video...
I pondered telling my husband but knew he would chide me for being so silly. So I told the cat. She rolled her eyes and turned her back on me, thus confirming that she believes all humans to be weak and inferior. This is a kitten who charges at things she’s scared of. Maybe I should be more like her.
I remember the night he was conceived. If he ever asks (what kid wants I know this but hey he might one day) I can tell him that it was passionate and I have fond memories. I’m glad it wasn’t seedy.
For those of you who have never seen This is Spinal Tap, it is a fake documentary about an aging, has-been heavy metal band. Essentially a satire of musicians and the music business in general, it’s an extremely funny look at a fictional band, Spinal Tap, but with scenes depicted with such dead-on accuracy that many real-life bands have amusingly reflected on their own real-life “Spinal Tap” moments over the years. One such scene takes place in a record store, where the band is there to sign their latest album. Only nobody shows up.
“The United States is in a state of undeclared War by this Marxist system” per Yuri Bezmenov!
On the up side, the Sun Up brew pub/restaurant was hopping when I dropped in around 1:00 PM to get the growler topped off. There was easy, casual banter going on between the wait staff and the clientele seated at the bar and the bar tendress indicated they were nearly out of the Nut Before Christmas Nut Brown, so I can only gather that business is good. Will I be back? Hell yes, I’ll be back! Who wouldn’t buy beer from a brewer named Uwe? (I went to high school with a dude named Uwe. You think? Nah.) Listen; if I was looking for Big Mac consistency, I’d be buying the Miller/Coors/Bud products more often. You buy a seasonal beer from a craft brewer and you take your chance, right?
MH: Besides the release of Giant Thief what are you most looking forward to in 2012?
But the Mariel boatlift happened and a blackout on most things in English took place in Cuba. For a couple of years, from 1980 to 1982, I don't recall watching too many shows, cartoons or movies in the Germanic language. They weren't totally eliminated from our tellies; they were just replaced mostly by imports from the old socialist bloc. So, instead of Huckleberry Hound and Yogi Bear, we had the Bolshevik Tio Stiopa (Uncle Stiopa), a tall and strong police officer who stood up for the weak and punished the bullies. Lolek and Bolek arrived from Poland about the same time as Statler and Waldorf abandoned their critics' box.
It was this suggestion that led to myself and the eight older kids negotiating the sodden pavements this Tuesday evening, with my younger friends in quite a buoyant mood, freed as they were from the strictures of the ASC environment. The first question they had for me, once we were out of earshot of the church and moving through the gates of Knottwood, I might have predicted.
Like a wizard casting:
* exclude: win
I've certainly learned oodles from my agent and editor. I know now what my weak points are as a writer (e.g., too many commas, not enough backstory, romance), and I'll be able to watch for those better. Just from working with Lucy and Laura, I've grown so much in my ability to look at plot, characters, and pacing more objectively, and I find myself often catching plot holes or dialogue flaws I might have missed before. I also know now what my strong points are and what kind of things I write best, and I can exercise those to the fullest. I can write with their past critiques in mind--and best of all, get immediate feedback on my work. So I think the most valuable change in my drafting process is that I now have stronger confidence. Before, I was always second-guessing what I'd written, wondering if it was total crap; but now, I have a lot more faith in myself and in my ability to evaluate my own work.
Siam Paragon
This is one of my favorites... in addition to my Prince Charming stash, I also used a couple of fat quarters from Ruby. I heart Ruby! I'm seriously debating getting a fat quarter bundle from the whole line.
The awesome video below could be a knock on everyone’s door to think openly, or it could be a smear campaign or propaganda to taint the current administration.
so good
Hi Everyone and welcome to the Disney Blog Hop! I am so excited to be a part of this hop again! I love Disney and since we just got back from a trip to Disney in August I figure it's about time I started to scrapbook some of these 300 photos I took! I hope you have arrived here today from Jenny at Jenny's Place, if not and you want to start at the beginning, please go back to Shawn at Crafty Chics.
I recently switched ISPs to (Clear) and it was great at first, but after a while it turned to crap. I did everything I could do to make sure the problem wasn't on my end and eventually I did too much. I keep 90% of my files in desktop folders and after fooling around with my registry my documents and desktop disappeared. I searched and found them in a temporary folder. I then copied them to where they are supposed to be and after restarting they're all gone. All that remains is shortcuts.
The thermal baths included latrines and, in the most developed type, a pool and gymnasium. They were often furnished with open spaces and gardens and played an integral part of the peoples lives for this is not only where they bathed but also where they met to socialize.
Is the main dish on the menu for today. You will be drinking lots and lots of water today. You will not eat much today, but after this first week, you will lose a significant amount of weight. Drinking a lot of water will help you stay hydrated and help you keep your skin in good condition. Also since tomorrow’s blog will include some work outs, you don’t need to worry much about the water weight you might put on today because you will lose it tomorrow.
Yep, another great small space solution. Use furniture with legs so the eye can continue to move through to the wall. This definitely opens up a room and everything feels bigger and brighter.
4) The ‘grumpy old troll’ clearly needs help, I’d suggest counselling.
ERASMIA: Armed attack sees farmer hit with bricks and a pipe.
Here’s another preview of my top 25 countdown of the best songs of 06-09:
His reply, "You told me and that's what you do".
I made a HUGE pot of chili for K to take to work on Friday. He brought my crock pot home with less than one small bowl left over. The had a chili sale at work. We've had chicken and dumpling bake, a beef roast, pot roasted turkey wings with potatoes and buttermilk baked chicken this past week. Today we are having lasagna, garlic toast and a big salad.
So you filthy satan sluts can see that if you're planning to have sex in the next two weeks, the pill won't even prevent pregnancy, because you are already "With Child". Now I know that to you NON-Sunday School attendees don't have the brain capacity to understand this, so let me break it down for you with the cunning use of BULLETS.
To take the more alarmed views first, it would perhaps have helped if some of the commentators on the case had taken the trouble to read the judgment. HHJ Birss goes to considerable effort to explain how narrow his decision actually it is. To begin with, there is no suggestion that if two people standing next to one another take the same photograph the one who pressed the shutter momentarily later will somehow be infringing the copyright in the photograph taken earlier. Copyright infringement requires copying, and although such copying maybe indirect or even unconscious it is still necessary to show a causal link between the original work and the allegedly infringing copy.
In between having an important "evening meal" (a pork pie and a pack of crisps) we ended up having 3 of the Gambit each. All the time the pub was filling up with punters, and before we knew it, not only was it 21.00 but Wee Keefy was in with his work colleagues. Mr H had to escape home but I stayed for another half, this time the Revolutions Overkill Rhubarb Wheat beer. I had eyed this up with caution even though I rate Revolutions, but I needn't have worried - this was a fantastic quenching not too chewy not too sweet fruit beer which I wished I'd had enough "real money" to have a pint of.
People buy things from people that they like. The important thing here is to understand the target demographic. A select number of people might like an author who is ironic. Other readers will like an underdog. Some will be looking for admirable virtues. A bio that makes potential readers like the author can make the difference between carry-on-browsing and click-to-purchase.
Personally, I'd rather lay out his clothes. I like putting outfits together, and he does have nice clothes. He just can't figure out what goes with what.
O bear me safe above, a ransomed soul!
I look where he lies white-faced and still in the coffin—I draw
Orange Pepper
We just discussed how a logo should be designed in order to be enlarged properly. What about being shrunk? Don’t think your logo will ever need to be shrunk? What about profile pictures on social networking sites? What about when you sponsor an event and they want to put a tiny version of your logo on their flyer? If your logo is not very simple, there will be entirely too much going on for it to make sense in a smaller size. Take a picture of 3 pencils on a table with erasers in between them. Shrink the picture to a tiny size. Can you make out what the erasers are? You probably cannot.
Today should be her birthday. I wish I could call her and tell het Happy Birthday and tell her how much I love her. Even though she is not here I am going to celebrate her life anyway and I’m going to focus on how much her life meant to me and how much better my life is now because she was once a part of it.
We’ll be playing some tracks from Jackie hayden’s Pick of The Fortnight on the show today. It’s Johnny Murphy and it’s pretty sweet. Here’s what Jackie had to say…
I used Bo Bunny paper from the Crazy Love Collection. I really like this card, it is not often that I use this colour combination ( perhaps the first time ) and I hope that Jannie likes the card too.
“This will do. Rip it off the carriage. I’m going to use this as my door.” I start to walk toward the forest clearing when the driver has the nerve to talk back to me.
1 assume
The Bersih (Clean) group that is leading the protest says it will obey the ban but will march as close as possible to the square, raising the possibility of a repeat of violent clashes that marred Bersih’s last major protest in July 2011.
Here’s what you can do to help:
You’ll probably find me down there before any kisses have been exchanged. Call me nasty, call me a bowcat, call me a carpet muncher… in fact call me dem tings… if that’s what people need to feel comfortable about themselves and what they do between the sheets then go right ahead.
Break the fast that your body has experienced while sleeping with a breakfast that will encourage your body to burn fat not store it. That means avoiding all those over processed, high GI cereals out there that cause insulin levels to rise and your fat storing ability to increase and go for a far slower releasing, preferably wholegrain option instead. Ideally, you’ll add some protein too as this helps to increase satiety (feelings of fullness) for longer and will help to slow the rate of emptying from the stomach even further. Great options to go for include:
Take each onion and dip in the flour, follow by dipping the same onion in the egg whites and then finally in the bread crumb mixture. Place onion rings on a baking sheet fitted with a baking rack (I actually use a cooling rack) so the onions cook evenly. Once all the onions are dipped, spray lightly with cooking spray.
We would like to feature you in our Best of the Web, our weekly series recognizing the most interesting websites on the web. We are always looking to feature new sites that have content relevant to our readers."
Just this past week I had the pleasure of making a beautiful stack ring for a customer to wear on her wedding ring finger in memory of her late husband. This stack ring set meant a lot to her, as it did me to make. It turned out so well, that I now have 5 orders (and counting) for others to make with children's names, family, and husbands names Such a personal item and unique piece for your jewelry box.
The Yetis bided their time. They quietly built alliances, promising Uzbek irredentists, Russian militarists and cosmopolitain drug barons a fair deal. And now they're back.
My home has never seemed sweeter, my bedroom and lounge have never seemed sunnier.
**JustAnswer REFUND LINK Provided By Commenter Ethan
3. I watched State play for the first time on Saturday and I don’t know how much Raycom Lincoln Financial Sports’ equipment had to do with it but there’s way too much white on the field at State.
The sea has now taken the gift of quartz pebbles arranged in a heart shape, perhaps to make into new hearts and send them on.
said
So I hack off another piece of the ingot, and hand it over. Broken into five pieces, of course.
Starring- Cameron Diaz, Jason Segel, Lucy Punch, and Justin Timberlake
It also appears to me that parts of the gay rights camp, including portions of the 'gay media', are too quick to try and make political gain from these tragic deaths. Although the Church is often falsely accused of being prejudiced or irrational, it amazes me how some commentators on the (supposedly 'rational') left are able to conjure up all kinds of assumptions concerning many of these suicides, well before any of the facts have been established. (Of course, this jumping the gun of natural justice is nothing new - only last week a Catholic school for girls was roundly condemned as 'intolerant' and 'biased' in the 'liberal' media, such as in the Pink News, on the evidence of one seemingly dissatisfied pupil, before the full facts had a chance to come to light.)
Favorite Late Night TV Host
Whiting recalled in 2000 how she came home from school with an all-day lollipop while her father was trying to write a song for a Shirley Temple movie. At first he was annoyed by the sticky kisses, but then inspiration struck.
You gotta face the clouds
Last time, I told you that I realized it wasn’t enough to figure out I had an eating disorder or that I was cheating myself out of having the body I’m meant to have. Like Lamott, I needed to find ways to curb my cravings. I needed to figure out what my triggers are. I needed to learn when and why my relationship with food had become dysfunctional. This process has taken me about three years.
Yes, you have expenses to deduct - don't worry about it. You also have NI to pay. You might get some money left over in your tax account at the end - and the first time you can use that to make the advance payment. After a few years, you can afford to take out some of the excess and spend it. But not immediately.
So what's changed in the fifty odd years or so since people started reclaiming the paths of the gods and goddesses? What makes now different from then?
Here's a video of my makeup collection and set up. I'm still working on getting a few things organized but for the most part this set up really works for me.
Well, of course, Rand has no such evidence. There is absolutely no evidence that rock music, in and of itself, induces lethargy. Quite the contrary, it seems rather a kind of stimulant. And while rock music is not known for being particularly sophisticated, especially when compared to classical music, there is no compelling evidence that it paralyzes cognition or induces a state of "sensory deprivation."
Quantities in cups are American but you can easily find a conversion to ml. I believe it is about 200 ml to a cup.
The Batcave once housed a massive squatter community on the banks of the Gowanus Canal. Situated inside a long-abandoned power plant, the squat was allegedly organized around a "communal way of life" with a "bike shop" and "rules about hard drugs and detrimental illegal activity." By 2006, however, the NY Daily News reported that the community had devolved into "a decadent drug culture consumed with vicious fighting" including "mainlined heroin" and "a homeless man... thrown from a window." In response to this lurid article, the building owners evicted the Batcave squatters and then "sealed the place off and posted a guard," according to Curbed.
Begin with a simple lunch or coffee date. You want to keep the date casual so suggesting meeting up for lunch or coffee can be a good start. This way, if the date didn’t go so well, you can end the date there but if you enjoy each other company, you have the rest of the day to spend getting to know each other better.
EPO Grants = 58,100, up 11%
I cannot hold on any longer.
I’m the 1 in a billion and the rest of you just the zeroes.
Speaking to mediapersons on the match-eve, Sehwag said the Indians would aim to get Dilshan out quickly.
He held on tight
Iused a damp cloth to wipe off the wood. And that was it. We were totally done. Oh, right except for that part about attaching the mirror which I still haven’t done. But before we could drag it inside, we needed to figure out where to put it. I canvassed our house and decided that it would fit perfectly in our dining room. So in it went.
* You talk to a brown out.
The online coding tutorial rewards you with a blue check mark on every exercise you successfully complete, and it's a good feeling to see one surface on the page, a sense of progress and mastery, even if you later realize that you have to go back to those old exercises because you've forgotten something important about the correct placement of semi-colons and the script you're trying to write isn't working anymore.
Or is freedom simply having the right to try?
Anyway, as you can see no Catrice today :O I made a few swatches the other day and only had one left to post today. I kept thinking; Which one is this? And then I realized it was Pool Party At Night... xD
is gone,
Haunted Stars: Show Business And The Supernatural
“We are delighted to sign this agreement with Carrefour that recognises the strength of Pixmania’s e-merchant operating platform. We are proud to partner with Carrefour by participating in the implementation of one of the most advanced multi-channel strategies in Europe. E-merchant is a strong, customer-focused platform, and ideal to support Carrefour’s non-food multichannel strategy.”
The Missal of Paul III gives a simple abbreviated version “I confess to Almighty God, Blessed Mary ever-Virgin, Blessed Peter and all the saints and you brethren, that I have sinned through my fault. I beseech you, pray for me.”
Then I began doing the vertical chains. First just trying out different lenghts of the loops and then, below it, I tried whipping the loops. The remaining green rows are beaded, though it can be hard to see as I did most of them with frosted dark green beads. So let's look closer a bit closer at those.
My seventh grade math teacher was yet another victim of my evil mind, but really as you will see it was her own fault.
Elizabeth is a Catholic write-at-home Mother of four from Long Island who shares poetry and prose family life and other topics of interest at The Divine Gift of Motherhood.
Looking back on what would be our 29th anniversary today, I wouldn't have changed a thing. It was a wedding day full of fun memories, a marriage full of love and laughter and a couple who grew to love and trust each other for a lifetime. Happy Anniversary Rich! It will always be "Our Day".
c. Nothing. Going out nude in London is en vogue at the moment.
Learning How to Learn encourages teachers to draw upon what they know, with confidence — their expertise — then take a crucial step beyond, making use of common sense pedagogy that recognizes the unique mind-set of their generational audience, aged 17-22.
I never thought much about photography until I began blogging. Like everything else, I was voted the family’s worst photographer (and the worst cook), mainly because I dropped Dr. Big’s Nikon back in 1984.
Its narrative genius is the surtitles, which flash up before each scene, describing the plot of the story, before the curtains rise on the stage, revealing another, altogether more mundane reality. It's a brilliant way of coping with the tale's anachronisms, which are mostly removed from the actual performances, and become instead a framing device. And this convention means that the dozen or so short plays or tableaux that make up the whole need not concern themselves at all with plot. When the curtains rise, we are suddenly pitched into 21st century Melbourne, into the unremarked spaces between larger, tragic events. What we see are overwhelmingly domestic scenes.
99. XTC - Ella Guru (2:32)
Aren’t you glad that you live in a culture where the pastor of a church feels comfortable sharing the intimate details of his sex life with the world! I know I am!!
You must learn from both.
Mr. Grant said working with female clients requires advisers to listen closely and show them they were heard. Advisers then need to convert what they’ve learned into an investment strategy, he said. Mr. Grant stressed the need to be genuine in helping clients. He mentioned a few unique services he’s performed, such as helping a client buy a Jaguar, her first car purchase as a widow, and selecting cellphones and service plans with older women overwhelmed by the features and terms.
2. Reading and rereading nursery mail order catalogs. Morphine for those amidst a long winter’s gardening hiatus.
Accommodation + full board (three meals a day) only 25 euro per person / day.
I cooked an entire Thanksgiving dinner.
This is a “thank you for following” post, because I do want to say thank you to all of you for hopefully reading what I write and enjoying it. I have one year left before I run off the stage skipping with my Baccalaureate of English Writing and Mass Communications degree and I intend to blog as hard as I can (literally, type as forcefully as I can with my face furrowed) until then, hoping someone loves this girl’s writing enough to recommend her somewhere.
Like the title says this is the second and last secretproject. It's a podcast. Not just any podcast though. It's a two hour long collaberative podcast with our good friend Bersercules. You read that right folks, two hours.
I am often dumbfounded when I hear someone talk about their beliefs, absurd practices (to me), and/or the foundational “facts” that are the cornerstones of their religion, only to hear those same believers of possibly mystical powers, make fun of the “ridiculousness” of another person’s religious beliefs, practices, and/or foundation or cornerstones.
Oh, bell's ringing. It's time for class!
Our second special sponsor for this challenge is EEM Photos to Digis and they are offering a lucky random winner a prize of three digital stamps made from their own photos. This is a brand new website with a unique idea and it is run by our very own Hilde and her daughter. They will take your favorite photo(s) and turn them into a digital stamp you can size as you wish and make any number of things with it. Here are the TEAM S.A.S. cards using digital stamps of some favorite pets and children in our lives:
Can I still sign up for the Final Mile on May 5th? If you still want to sign up, you will need to go to the expo on FRIDAY MAY 4th from noon to 7pm at the Duke Energy Convention Center. Online registration closed April 20th. The registration folks will be at the expo and can take care of you there. Your child can still include their group’s name on the registration form, but we cannot guarantee they will receive the same color shirt as the rest of the group.
Creative thought: I've not done much in this area. I know. Help. One year I googled "sentence starters for kids" and used a few of those. Here and there I've used Writing Strands with positive results. That's all I've got.
I learned that Jewish days go from three star rise at sundown to three star rise at sundown the day after to make sure that you are observing the proper amount of time, that there are two sets of "ten commandments," that all Jewish firstborns need to be bought from a member of the Levi tribe (someone whose last name is Cohen), that a lefthander can performed learned tasks with a right hand but performs self-taught tasks with a left hand, that most people naturally slant their paper when they write, that hydrogen bonds sometimes are more like 3.4 Ångstroms when the hydrogens don't show up in the program (see, I was actually working!), and much much more.
Adult Novels:
different stages of the development
Recommended for short story fans who are interested in seeing early dramatic (and very strong) performances from some of today’s most sought after lead actresses.
Gaurav is basically mamma’s boy. He is interested in enjoying himself along with his best friend Vinay Patel listening to music and dancing. Vinay takes undue advantage of Gaurav’s innocence. Every time Vinay visit’s Gaurav he takes some financial help from Gaurav.
Time to get that bird in the oven!
overlooking Bethlehem.
Makes the piece feel so much older then it really is.
I left the best part for last, because it’s something I noticed right away and here is why. With every new vaccine, drug or medical treatment; there is always a cost analysis to determine if it is viable to put to market. If a procedure costs more than it would profit, it is usually shelved. Vaccines are always checked to make sure that it is profitable and marketable. I saw this very early on when I started learning to read studies, so I noticed right away that there was some noting at the bottom of the bill, stating that any costs could be deferred and it got me thinking about how this bill could possibly be profitable. It didn’t take long of course, to see where the money was going to go and yes this bill will be making people money. Think about it.
Then we topped it off with a Mother's Day dinner! My husband and the kids took me out tonight since hubby has to fly out tomorrow afternoon. The kids all gave me their crafts and cards they made at school. I love the questionnaires they do...According to Paige, I am funny because I do funny dances (ummm-- they weren't meant to be funny), and Charlie thinks I am smart because I know division. And Anna made me an adorable bracelet that I will be wearing proudly to church tomorrow =)
The closet was tiny. My three daughters’ closets are of similar size to the one I performed in, so they don’t hang out in them. They just shove their junk in and go lock their velvet-roped bedroom doors. But my closet had to be a dancefloor, rock and roll stage, and an awards podium. My lame parents caught me, deep in fantasy, wonder and The Beastie Boys Licensed To Ill. My glares were dagger-filled.
Let's hope there is never a repeat performance of that joke.
Rich graduated from Radcliffe College in 1951 and was chosen for the Yale Younger Poets Prize for her first book of poetry, “A Change of World.”
We met Andy Coupland in New Mexico (over breakfast, as it happens – he was on holiday and staying in the same hotel as us back in Taos). As we chatted over the Marmite back there he had mentioned that he did Architecture and Walking Tours of Vancouver and might we be interested (link to Andy’s tours and book here). We were interested so we got in touch once in the area and arranged to meet up. Andy (originally from England) showed us central Vancouver pretty much building by building (and gave us a great, descriptive history of the city’s early days when we were in ‘historic’ Gastown). We would highly recommend this way to see the city. A late night though for h – what with the meal out and the Seabus back. Good job all we had to do on Wednesday was go out to lovely Deep Cove again and then watch the (final) hockey final on TV…
The serving firefighter and councillor for Liverpool's Wavertree ward on Friday admitted signing the consent of nomination form as a witness when his son was not present. It also emerged that Bradley's mother, Pam, had been cautioned by police for forging Daniel's signature.
Deciding on changes in business strategy
What are you doing to organize and get creative with storage in your little ones bedroom's?
It appealed to me because the figures look so feminine, and so reassure me that I, too, am made in the image of God.
"Just do it." Ted snaps in his best "I'm the boss and super important voice."
Water is an intrinsic feature of this flatter lower-lying landscape beyond the edge of the town. A hairpin to cross the river to the south bank of the Tillingham, past a Martello tower (now a private residence and inaccessible to the curious), and over the Brede and onto Rye Harbour Nature Reserve, criss-crossed with drainage channels. Drizzle begins to fall from a drab grey sky beneath which sheep graze the thinnest of turf, a veneer over the sandy, stony soil deposited by the sea as it retreated southwards. The horizon is largely featureless: just a few trees. And in the distance, the bulk of Camber Castle.
Exercise is wonderful. I love so many forms of exercise: swimming, biking, kickboxing, Pilates, power walks, light weights, etc.
Again, my ban from Stormfront provides a clear example. When they were judging me by what I do and what I write, the Stormfronters believed I was thoroughly pro-White and therefore not a "Jew," joking that my flyer on race differences in intelligence could not have been written by a "Jew." Somehow my work magically become Jew propaganda when they found out I'm a "Jew."
Anyway, back to the training. I was one of two trainees, the other a cool Kenyan dude. There was a driver and the tour guide, and 6 guests (plus an awesome Welsh couple for one week of it). While I won’t go into the specifics, the two weeks was spent driving from Nairobi to Kampala over 3 days(with a game drive in Nakuru, which the other trainee went on while I went shopping), Kampala to Queen Elizabeth National Park, where I did see elephants and hippos, Q. Liz to Lake Bunyonyi, where I did very little around the allegedly second deepest lake in Africa (or first, or third), while the clients went gorilla tracking, Lake B to Jinja, where I did little, went on a booze cruise (free for crew) and went white water rafting again (also free), then Jinja to Nairobi.
* The author must be a citizen of an African state or a dual citizenship holder (a copy of a passport or comparable document will be required of winners).
Before I begin my post on what are the best of the short stories of Elizabeth Bowen (1899 to 1973-Ireland)I want to invite everyone to consider participating in Irish Short Stories Week. From March 14 to March 20 (March 17 is St Patrick's Day) I will be posting every day on at least one short story by an Irish author. I hope others may join in by posting on an Irish short story that week and leaving a comment on my blog about their post. I will create a master post and link up to everyone. I am hoping there will be posts on Irish female authors as it is a very male dominated genre. Most of the stories I will personally post on will be stories in the public domain that can be read online. This gives others the opportunity to read along if they wish. I am working on prizes by authors of books set in Ireland but nothing concrete yet. The real prize is the chance to sample world class authors like James Joyce and Samuel Beckett (he wrote some short stories in his early years), read some horror stories by Bram Stoker (the author of Dracula), or the wonderful short stories of Oscar Wilde. This just gets you started. I will post more reading ideas soon. To be part of what I hope will be an annual Reading Life event all you have to do is read and post on one short story. Lots and lots of online options-you do not need to go to the library or buy a book.
PS: I should be back up and posting regularly now. I’ve had one of my occasional anti-blogging periods!
Her expression shows the artist and the model share a joke;
Seriously, what happens if this is real and I wake up in the middle of Boston Common watching those three gypsies wandering off in the distance with my laptop, my Heidi Watney autographed baseball and Honey?!
The down side to meat glue has to do with the surfaces of the meat used for sticking together. If a meat, like stew meat is used, there are a number of surfaces to which germs can cling, and if the meat is not cooked to well-done, can make a person sick. The video showed the chef using the meat glue with stew meat. He mixed it all together, then rolled it up in a sheet of wax paper, let it sit overnight, and then sliced it to the size of a piece of filet. The results were that there was no difference in flavor and that it looked the same. But what are the other implications of something like this being used?
Since the Italian magazine Blow Up unveiled this hidden part of our history in the biggest possible way by headlining the article that they ran about VDO a few issues back with this info (a .pdf scan of the article with some personal annotations via the Italian friend of ours that initially scanned this for us can be had here ) we're now making available four 30 second samples of our work as Dirty South gangsta rap producers during this time (we'd offer whole tracks, but we're contractually bound from doing that), though it seems worth putting these out there now just to see how much amusement, confusion and shattered illusions we can generate with one gesture! You can check out what VDO hip hop sounds like here
While not a devout believer in supernatural phenomenon, Philips has acquired a small bit of occult knowledge and does not discount the odd tale or eyewitness account that he encounters in his research. He won’t volunteer the stories he knows, but if others express interest in hearing such tales, he gladly fulfills their desires. The following are but a sample of the legends and weird stories that Philips can share with investigators pursing such knowledge. Each will be expended on in later articles, and the game master is free to use them as starting points for campaigns set in the ‘Wyck or substitute his own.
I just hope it lasts!
Here is the shape we want to make, before sewing it onto the corset. I have already covered it up with black electrical tape in this pic, but this should give a clear idea of what it should look like. You need to measure the across the small of your back for the bottom bar. That way you can be sure it won’t poke out the sides. It is helpful to hold the wings up to your back in the position you want them to hang at, and have someone else measure for you.
I have been chosen from a group of international artists to participate in a show in Italy titled "PIMP MY MARY!" The premise of the shows is "The project born from the need to communicate a strong disagreement and separation from commercialization of the icon itself"
The easiest way to summarize the Bible’s teaching on sexuality is to begin with God’s blessing of sex only within the marriage covenant between a man and a woman. Then, just remember that sex outside of that covenant relationship, whatever its form or expression, is explicitly forbidden. Christians know that these prohibitions are for our good and that rejecting them is tantamount to a moral rebellion against God Himself. We also know that the Bible forbids all same-sex sexual acts and behaviors. Thus, we know that homosexuality is a sin, that blessing it in any way is also sin, and that normalizing sin cannot lead to human happiness.
The girls have also tie-dyed t-shirts, painted birdhouses, made truffles, made beautiful bracelets, made necklaces out of ribbons and washers, and hand painted silky butterflies, and still have four weeks to go.
...The scheme carried out by the company defrauded government agencies and private developers of about $19 million, much of it tax money, Ms. Lynch said at a news conference. She was joined by officials from several other agencies to announce a deferred-prosecution agreement.
If you go for a reading and they say they can’t or won’t read for you, ask them why it is. Don’t go off worrying yourself sick that you’re about to die as no one would want you to be so upset, it will often just be they haven’t explained the reasons to you very well or at all. It isn’t a regular occurence by any means, but it can happen and if you are the sort who goes for readings regularly, you’ll probably have it happen to you one day.
Dry-embossing on the 3-d butterflies.
Blue Floral Cotton Fabric - sooo pretty! Gonna make a top from this for summer I think.
People should seriously consider why they’re so compelled to portray everything down to and including 30 minute visual junk food as a battleground for a culture war. An optimist could presume it’s an encouraging sign that our biggest concerns have returned again to trivial bullshit, but the cynic in me says it’s just a convenient distraction from more complicated matters that most people are too stupid or lazy to contemplate.
Someone who frequently uses the internet for social purposes can validate from one experience or the other the phenomenon of online activism: they come across a particular ideal, message, or situation that has been conveyed to them by other internet users. More often than not these “messages” will resound a cause that is meant to address and expose certain injustices occurring throughout the world. What Sandor Vegh does in his article “Classifying Forms of Online Activism: The Case of Cyberprotests against the World Bank”, is attempts to distinguish between different forms of activism online (as the name suggests), hacking vs. cyberterrorism being one of the main topics of discourse. He then further elaborates on the issue by analyzing what reactions can or should be justified in lieu of a hacker/cyberterrorist campaign.
5. LISTEN - BEYONCE (re-entry for this song that Beyonce and Alexandra Burke performed as a duet on the X-Factor final at the weekend)
Exchange enemies for love, spillage of blood
Whew, the 2nd half of the semester really ate into my free time. I needed Christmas break to recharge!
Down behind the Cottage by the Sea, on a beach with at least three names, fingers of rock push out from the sand and into the sea. I walk backwards into the sea – a kind of evolution in reverse – turn and drop into the water and float. A few fin flips pushes me toward the rocks and the tiny marine cliffs that burst from the sea sand floor. Life explodes around me. As I swim along the edge of the rocks my left side is brushed with weed and watched by hidden eyes. To my right is the bright expanse of sand and sun speckle, but little else. I keep moving and the rocks become more complex. The movement of water has carved out deep places, swimming pools with the edges always under water. I duck dive into them and scatter fish before me. A shoal of Yellow Eyed Mullet pass by near the surface – silver and slinky, primary school fish, typical fish. Wrasse dart under weed curtains, salmon depart and a zebra striped fish drifts past with what seems to be an over confident air.
So why the blatant and obvious disregard for the wisdom of scripture by powerful Christian organizations and individuals? Oh, yeah! Power corrupts, everyone, period.
falling down so we can crunch them
In the last five years, the number of juveniles committing sexual assaults has increased 17 percent in Harris County while most other major juvenile crimes have shown significant declines, probation records show. Sex offenses climbed from 121 to 142 during that period, while other violent juvenile crimes declined such as murder and robbery, dropping by
Granulated sugar- 1/4 cup
An interesting introduction by Michael Moorcock, and an afterword about the science by Big Bang theorist Professor George Gamow provide useful bookends to the main event, and the lovely endpapers feature a blazing sun.
“I know that James, and–and I’m so sorry this has happened.” She gazed at him with as much compassion . . . as much empathy as she dared. This was no time to pour out her personal feelings: her little sister had done something outrageously foolish, and now two families–and their four hundred dearest friends–were about to suffer for it. “Matt and Sam drove out lookin’ for her earlier, soon as they realized she was missin’–”
Potato, 3 pcs
Morgan will be seven months old on Wednesday. I must say that she is at an incredibly interesting and entertaining point in her life/development. She is very interactive and verbal, having new 'firsts' all of the time.
Glandular Fever.
HI there! I am here today with some Market Street Stamps goodness! Today is the newest Paint the Town Challenge. Just take a look at this color palette:
This past weekend I took my son to his Pinewood Derby District Race since he placed first in his local Pack overall and qualified for the District Race. My husband could not be with us for the races because he was coaching soccer games all morning for our 3 oldest. My son missed a part of his game to check in at the derby race in time.
I am going to try and do some stitching tonight or in the morning :@ It is autumn here, and the morning and nights are getting much cooler and crisp! So spending much less time outside. Really need to get the fire going.
The parallels between the characters in Feist and those in classic Arthurian novels doesn’t escape me, nor the fact that it mirrors Star Wars mythology. I suppose it’s a universal theme that resonates with many – the humble beginnings of an individual who is thrust into traumatic circumstances only to find that this is exactly what he/she was born to do. Add in the wise mentors and loyal friends, and it’s hard not to root for them.
Gregory: did big football destroy Penn
You take her to a movie (+2)
09 - The Harp Jam 12:18
But certain mysteries of the past surface and it shows Peter as a “person of interest” in two murders – one of his fiancée who died after a party and his first wife who drowned to death, and he is also linked with the disappearance of their neighbor Susan Althorp.
Mud – Lean On Me
Mike Piazza and Tom Glavine. You cannot get further on my love list than those two. I have never said a kind word about Tom Glavine and I never will. OK, Carlos Beltran. I avoided commenting on his cards now long enough. I want to like Carlos Beltran. Heck, I want to love him. I have a boatload of his cards. And yes, I know he had some good years for the team, but I am afraid in the long run, the best thing about Carlos Beltran for the Mets is he got us Zach Wheeler. Sad. The bottom row has a neat old Topps Gallery Players Private Issue card of Rey Ordonez. I now look back on Rey Ordonez fondly, so I guess there is hope for Carlos Beltran. I have that Dynasty card in a gold ultra-low numbered version, so having it in orange is nice too (the back has Keith Hernandez and Darryl Strawberry). That last card proves the old Meatloaf lyric correct: two outta three aint bad.
Coral Reef is a gorgeous coral holographic polish. It made its appearance back in the 2003 Summer for Shore collection. I currently have Blue Moon Lagoon, Crim-Sun and Coral Reef from that awesome collection of holo's. Mmmmm....holo goodness!
In two of his later most brilliant plays Jumpers and Travesties from the 70s, he succeeds in his aim of contriving what he once described as: “The perfect marriage between the play of ideas and Farce and, or even high-comedy. While presenting dazzling displays of verbal wit and spectacle, he demonstrates by theatrical means, the difficulty of arriving at value judgements in a world where absolutes no longer have universal or even widespread support; where moral, social, religious,political even aesthetic points of view are subject to the laws of relativity.
The bench, comprising Chief Justice Iftikhar Mohammad Chaudhry, Justice Khilji Arif Hussain and Justice Tariq Parvez, heard the case relating to the law and order situation and human rights violations in Balochistan at the Supreme Court’s Quetta registry.
Back to the drawing board. After lengthy consideration I decided that it's all about my pillow. This is most definitely the reason for my tiredness. I have a very big issue with pillows. For love nor money I cannot find a pillow that perfectly rests my weary head in a substantial and relaxing manner. I have spent so much money on pillows it's ridiculous. I am unable to lie without my neck feeling unsupported and end up squeezing my pillow into a ball with my arm underneath thus resulting in a sore neck and shoulders and panic filled drama in the wee hours when I can't feel my arm and think I've had a stroke.
2. JOY and PEACE adorn our living room...but they're ain't a whole lot of other decorations. Will we even get a tree this year? That is the question.
Good friends: If you are a homebrewer there's no question it should be a bottle or two of that beer you have been saving for a special occasion. If you're not, should they be beer geeks, you have already heard of at least one brewery that they appreciate particularly. If they are not beer geeks, a mixed six pack of some of the best known a "craft Brewers" might turn them into beer geeks.
Suzie: *Stare* *Head-tilt*
In January 2009, I ran the 5k. As I crossed the finish line, I made two phone calls. The first was to my husband to say I had done it. The second was to my trainer to thank him. He had believed in me and he showed me how to believe in myself. The next day, as I watched thousands of people complete the half-marathon, I told the race directors, I’d be back next year — and I would run the half.
Hallowed be the Name of our Father in heaven; for thine is the kingdom, and the power and the glory, forever.
Being British just had to share this photo of such a beautiful couple, just for any of you who haven't seen it yet lol! I remember watching his parents get married nearly 30 years ago, where does the time go! Now I do feel old!! Didn't Kate look gorgeous and William so handsome!
3. Favorite leisure activity?
Actually, that raises interesting questions itself. If it’s set down by fate that I’m going to eat the chocolate, I can’t have any control over it. Therefore, it’s not my fault if I do. Now, THAT is a dangerous situation, if it’s true.
In some spots you can glimpse the train tracks from the park’s previous life, not quite taken over by the carefully selected vegetation. Other areas have arena-style seating, water features and moveable sun loungers looking out to New Jersey and Lady Liberty. There’s food to feast on during your stroll, as well as art installations to ogle. But the real feast for your eyes is the city itself, which from here takes on an alternate appearance. It is not an aerial view but an elevated one: one that is a must-see for visitors and locals alike.
Among the arteries into the city that could be targeted were the Brooklyn Bridge, the Lincoln Tunnel and the Holland Tunnel, causing traffic chaos and bringing Manhattan to a standstill.
Thing is, they might be fully fledged but I’m not sure this lot are inclined to leave. Life’s just too good here, especially now they’ve discovered there’s someone who actually cleans up all the pooh and sees the local cat well-watered…
One of the series features a historical serial killer who mutilates prostitutes. The gatekeepers don't like the prostitutes. This is where I do have problems. Er, actually, the killing is more offensive! This is not just an issue about books, is it? It gets right to the heart of attitudes towards what is and is not acceptable, not just in fiction but in life. We object more to prostitutes than to serial killers. Do we really?
While Nathan Nettleton does not speak for the wider Baptist church, here he provides a rationale for the equal recognition of same-sex marriages contributing to, rather than undermining, the institution of marriage.
Duffy, D.L., G.W. Montgomery, W. Chen, Z.Z. Zhao, L. Le, M.R. James, N.K. Hayward, N.G. Martin, & R.A. Sturm. (2007). A three-single-nucleotide polymorphism haplotype in intron 1 of OCA2 explains most human eye-color variation. American Journal of Human Genetics, 80, 241-52.
Round 3: Purl
Power To My People!
And within the next two days I get a mail from the man himself – ‘Your bottle must have touched so many shores of different planets before it was fished by Rita in a German space shore’. Irshad quoted Firaq to convey his feelings at hearing from someone he didn’t ever think he could - Urdu poets have a couplet for every thing, don’t they.
I'd never heard of such a thing until a couple days ago when the kids asked me if they could make it. I think it was on The Food Network. Ugh, like I want to mess with that. I told them they could scoop up a lemon snow cones from outside instead. ;)
Every writer or someone who aspires to become one has insecurity; it’s not really a bad feeling, only makes one work harder!
In a large pan, bring vinegar, sugar, garlic, dill seed, mustard seed, celery seed and turmeric to a boil over medium high heat.
Since I got back, I haven’t played much World of Warcraft. I’m probably going to take another small break from it again, at least until Cataclysm is released. If I don’t take a full-on-break, I’m definitely will be cutting down on my time spent in WoW. Saturday was the first time I’ve logged into WoW for more than 30 seconds… not to mention it was only the third time I’ve logged in since I got back. It had been so long since I played a computer game, let alone WoW & Deathengine that it took some getting used to again, haha. It probably didn’t help that I was really tired from spending the day walking around Park Ave Fest.
Seven advertisers exited the series in the series’ second week after PTC president deemed the show a “commercial disaster” and called for the network to cancel the “degrading and sexualizing program immediately.”
Supplies: Cardstock: Bazzill; Flowers: Petaloo, Prima, Recollections; Jewels, Butterfly, Heart: Recollections; Trim: Queen & Co, Tim Holtz; Die Cut: Memory Box
After rereading this piece that I did, I realized that I’m actually sort of impressed by what my 17 year old self did. I was at a very dark time in my life. I realize that sounds so stereotypical teenager-y – but it’s true. The funny thing is though that when I look back, it was also one of the best times of my life too.
Yesterday, I wrote a lovely piece about the dangers of following parenting "doctrines" too closely. In that post, I mentioned that there really are a lot of different ways to parent, based on the variety of circumstances and beliefs inherent in any particular family. While I have my own opinions about cloth diapers, breast feeding, co-sleeping, and TV restrictions, I also recognize that there are millions of brilliant parents with healthy, happy kids who do not share my views. That alone indicates that there is more than one way to skin a cat, as it were.
My one mini project on the horizon during this challenge is figuring out how to make a batch of chicken liver pâté. While my sourcing of food has overall improved a lot - since last fall we've bought half a grassfed cow and a third of a naturally raised GMO-free soy-free pig - the pack of chicken livers waiting in my fridge isn't from chichi chickens. In fact, they're from (gasp!) conventionally raised chickens. Probably an OK thing as a stop-gap though; I'd rather get a feel for making pate using cheaper materials - and determine whether I like it enough in general! - before I'd invest serious time and money into sourcing quality livers.
Typically most declarations or state law will outline specific situations that require a community vote. Usually an amendment to a declaration requires a 2/3 majority vote to approve a change. Some require a community vote for a board to borrow money and some do not.
He bent down slowly, his jaw clenching as some misaligned joint caught or some bunched muscle was asked to relent.
Of course the first point is that not everyone has those choices. Certainly they're a privilege accorded only to those living in comparatively wealthy countries and to those not hindered by ill health or extreme poverty.
-Wipe it all out
This is why so many college students and casual media consumers have such a skewed view of the Middle East. Palestinian Arab crimes are minimized, but perceived Israeli violations of human rights are amplified, because the environment in Israel is so much more tolerant towards reporting anti-Israel news and Israel is filled with international reporters and NGOs eagerly filling their quotas of anti-Israel "research."
The bunny you see hanging on the door. That is a bunny bag holder I had made years ago.
Kathleen’s site is one that I especially admired when I first set up my own research data site. I particularly liked how her research data and blog fit so nicely under the same interface. Such a presentation seemed beyond me so I was content with keeping it simple and just making my research site and blog as consistent with each other as possible.
I really wonder how Wodehouse manages to use English language so beautifully. He can write about a simplest situation and describe it in such an involved way that it comes alive in front of your eyes. Actually, it is much more than that. Who can think of describing his friend as “Boko’s a frightfully good egg”? Another one of the great sentence “I paused for a moment to listen to the tootling birds. Then I raised the map, and allowed the beaming sun to play on it”. In another place, Wooster is telling Jeeves to go and have fish so that ideas can be generated to save him.
Then last night, Celadon finally got tired of the old face he had -which was once again wearing off- and decided to get a new one, going with a dark face. Celadon is being just as he is, the lord of the shadows, by never keeping the same face very long.
It is always through the heart that our prayers are heard, even if we first make the connection in our feet or hands. Do we really feel the suffering of the earth, sense its need? Do we feel this connection with creation, how we are a part of this beautiful and suffering being? Then our prayers are alive, a living stream that flows from our heart. Then every step, every touch, will be a prayer for the earth, a remembrance of what is sacred. We are a part of the earth calling to its creator, crying in its time of need.
Then give the employee constant feedback…and a complete review…so that he or she knows exactly where they stand and how they are doing…
And they always reply with “you’re right. Let us correct that and get the corrected statement out to you immediately.” (And just so you don't think this is an RH love fest, other houses have done similar but I've had to ask for the rec to print; however, if an error was found, they've corrected it.)
Newman said of all of his films, he had the most fun making Slap Shot, and Reggie Dunlop was his favorite character.
Here's the 2 hole alone. I took one of the pieces, rolled it up, and stuck it in the hole. (I tried a wooden skewer, but didn't have one that fit.) Will have to grab some new ones for my next round-
After a further 10 minutes
35 lbs (51.00%)
I guess in lieu of having someone else pimp out our wedding, D and I will have to pimp our own wedding. Better yet, we’ll let Disney Cruise Lines pimp it out. That’s right, “My Big Fat Cruise Line Wedding” is on!!! I think the package they put together for couples to get married during their cruise is amazing. I’ve even picked out some starfish-shaped bling to add to my bouquet, and there aren’t any gypsies, Snooki look alikes or Bridezillas in sight.
First to speak after the coffee break in today's Music and IP conference was Rebecca Dimaridis (Jeffrey Green Russell), on the topic "Infringement -- has the Same Old Tune Changed?". This was an analysis of the question whether an old song, "Kookaburra sits in the old gum tree", was infringed by Men at Work's song "Down Under" (see earlier blog posts here and here). Rebecca treated the conference participants to sound clips of the two works before feeding the notes into the court's legal reasoning. The court's finding that there had been an objective similarity between them was strengthened by the frank admission of musician Colin Hay that there was indeed a causal connection between the two works.
Among the hills, when you sit in the cool shade of the white poplars, sharing the peace and serenity of distant fields and meadows - then let your heart say in silence, 'God rests in reason.'
Normal practice is for me to drop her at school without so much as a tiny tinkle.
After grandcharging, Sat relents and allows Sita back at the school…. Ironically, head of the PTA, Mootoo, complaining that no one thinking of the children. And you have to stop and ask yourself…if there is a court order, that has blocked the transfer and basically means Sita has to remain as principal of the school for now…who being more foolish and obstructionist? Not the Maha Sabha Education Board? Who going to the media with press releases everytime? Sita or Sat? I am wondering if the two main men on this board even see how dumb they look everytime they decide to buck the legal system? Why does Sat think the laws don’t apply to him? What he partners Devant and Tim have to say on this boy? Or are they in support of his behaviour?
I Shalev, T E Moffitt, K Sugden, B Williams, R M Houts, A Danese, J Mill, L Arseneault and A Caspi
*In the coming posts I will list specific prayers from the 7 Steps to Freedom.
Another week, another Stitch Fix post! I know, I know. I thought I'd make this one a little more fun (or at least less redundant) by doing it in a vlog! I don't do many vlogs... not sure why. But I think it's because I get severely embarrassed before I even hit "record"... seriously. And I say "um" a lot and have weird mannerisms and of course talk like the world is ending in 30 seconds and I have a whole chapter to recite. Whatever. Here I am in all my weird speech glory! Take it or leave it! ;) (There's also some audio/video lag... sorry! It didn't have the best time when exporting from iMovie... I think at a few spots it actually repeats what I say... Whoops! Newb!)
With a long serrated knife, cut both cakes in half horizontally so that each cake forms two layers.
On a different note, how did the little lump Lexi found progress? Did you get it reevaluated?
I am dreaming...
I have a very fertile imagination ,so I could think up stories and get myself upset over it. I really started getting frustrated and sad.
So, I like it. I really like it. If you are looking for a big sturdy notebook that can hold up to ink...you have another choice, check out Office Hero and the Black N Red. Now I am going to go work on my Copperplate and watch Shawshank.
The magic in your eyes, True love I canâ€™t deny
$200-300k a year, increase to 8%/8% (16% total)
Checked the birds catching the early words on Twitter.
As part of the care for my non-cancer cancer, hence the ‘pseudo’ in pseudomyxoma peritoni I requested that my consultant send me off for a scan. He’s a brilliant gynae oncologist but not a specialist in this condition so I like to let him know what he should be doing. He wonderfully obliged and last week I presented myself back at the QE for my first post op CT scan. It’s pretty simple and not at all scary. After changing into hospital gown(s) you have a cannula inserted into your arm, then lie down on a very comfortable bed, have a contrast dye injected into you via the cannula, hold then release your breath as you are slid in and out of a ‘big white doughnut’ and hey presto all done for another year. Word of warning, you can taste and smell the contrast and it isn’t particularly pleasant so mints to suck afterwards might be nice. Or chocolate should you feel the need!
The odd thing is this. With all this hair blowing around, it is inevitable that occasionally a hair will appear in our food. We joke that dog hair is a condiment in our house. And when I find a hair on my plate, I will pull it out of the food and identify it. “Oh, that’s Mayzie’s hair” or “that must be a llama hair”, and I think nothing of it and continue my meal. But if I see a human hair, even if I’m positive that it is my own, I suddenly lose my appetite and dinner is a done deal. Go figure.
The trip home is what will be remembered... We boarded the 'fast train' and in my state of relax I didn't notice a couple of pertinent points. The train was departing from a different track than normal and carriages were not regular TGV style... Could it have been the champagne? We settled into our seats, left the station and chatted about our day... until I heard the chef de bord announce over the loud speaker the words, 'Avignon Centre'... You can see where this is going... By accident, I had booked our returns on the slow train to the wrong station... Instead of a speedy 2h40minutes we would be rocking through the French countryside for five hours something and arriving at a different train station from the one in which I had left our car that morning...
Click on the photo above to take you my Flickr set of photos from the gardens.
What you must understand is this: Turkey and Israel are allies. Again, this is beyond the narrative here, and will be a subject of a blog post later on - suffice it for now for me to list some articles about this alliance: here, here and last but not least here.
My answer was true and constant: “Keith is my regular but he’s not my boyfriend.” At times when I don’t like the delivery of the question I would reply: “Bakit, mukha bang kami?” (Does it look like we’re an item?) and leave them hanging. Even Charlie asked me once if Keith and I are a couple. Charlie also asked if Carlo and Ella were an item. I immediately told Ella and she took care of Charlie and his nosy ways.
I didn't receive any submissions this week, but as you all know, I will always answer questions via email. I thought I'd summarize two emails I received this week, since others may be having the same issues, and see what you all think!
Today.
I know the subject matter is starting to get redundant, but it's what is in my yard and readily available when I want to run out to try something new. I am lucky to have 5 different colors of hibiscus in my yard, except the yellow aren't currently blooming(for some unknown reason). The bananas are right down the street so I finally pulled over and took a pic the other day. I'm carrying my camera everywhere...I keep waiting to see the man who walks his Carabao with two dogs sitting on it's back. Sometimes all of them have straw hats on. Of course, now that I'm keeping my eye for him, I haven't seen him...
First of all, I have to tell you that you guys ROCK! I so appreciate all the great sources for chandeliers- I looked at every one you suggested and have lots of new ideas. The Horchow sale ends tomorrow, but I'm not ready to make a purchase yet, so we'll see . . . Thank you so much for your helpful feedback! Here's a hug for ya!
Little Miss Adalea has been keeping us busy. Over the past few weeks we have enjoyed a visit from MeMe and PaPa (my parents), having Eric's family over to grill out, birthday celebrations, Easter and many more fun things. Below are pictures from some of these things. I will write a few captions under each one.
The random yelling on vent and everyone scrambling was worth it.
Their solar calculations are renowned, too, with a system of years split to reflect numbers 13 and 20 still used by present-day Maya and many devotees.
3. Feel Deeper - I had a sheltered childhood when I was growing up. Never knew what poverty or being less privileged meant. But I still remember my Dad bringing me National Geographic magazines and BBC documentaries to read and watch(there was no cable when I was growing up), so that I could know what was going on around the world. I have cried buckets watching them and then when I moved back to India and saw those conditions with my own two eyes, I felt really felt this need to DO more. I believe that Till you can FEEL their pain, you know you are on the positive track. You are a good person. When you stop feeling, it means there is some part of your heart thats not alive. Feeling another’s pain and trying to DO something about it brings about an immense sense of happiness and satisfaction within. Try it. Just Be there and lend your loving hand to someone everyday…..feel deeper to be happier.
We saw those little bodies. What was left of them.
(1) The Huron Carol: This is a gift from our Canadian neighbors, and it was written in the 17th century. My Granther from Nova Scotia taught me the words, and it’s just lovely.
I am suggesting we stay away from debt so that we can live in freedom.
What the hell could possibly go wrong?”
We encountered many sympatico souls that night. Connected again with Aaron Reid, the photographer who took the amazing shots of the winter concert – he came to the rally. Got to know Jim Hoggett, freelance photographer for the Beaver/Metroland chain. Nadiya’s mom took some absolutely incredible night shots. Then there were the two women to spoke to me outside the boardroom, asking when we were speaking. They were decidedly disappointed when I had to tell them we wouldn’t be.
6. Do you experience/Have you experienced mood-swings? How do you help / how have you helped yourself out of it?
The Spaniard Berreo's initial attempt for the Golden City had been disastrously cut short; but he was still determined to find it. Ralegh was determined to find it first. He had sent out a reconnaisance party late in the previous year under his 'most honest and valiant' Captain, Jacob Whiddon. It had never reached the mainland, for some of them were hospitably invited ashore at Trinidad by Berreo, and then murdered in cold blood. As England and Spain were still openly at war, he doubtless felt his treachery a justifiable hint to the English that they were not welcome.
-1/4 teaspoon pepper
P: Pushy-Yes I can admit that I’m pushy when I really want something!
Norris plays J.J. McQuade, a “lone wolf” Texas Ranger who doesn’t want to partner up with anyone – including his new partner, the Texas State Trooper Kayo Ramos (Robert Beltran). We know McQuade is a real American hero because when he attends a fancy event and they tell him they don’t have any domestic beer, he passes on the Heineken and Dos Equis. Had the Most Interesting Man in the World emerged at that moment to kick his ass, we might have had something.
‘Chunnie…. I need you…’ Junsu said in his mind. He close his eyes for eternity.
PUCV makes it quite easy to drop courses yet almost impossible to add them, so while I’m currently only attending four classes, I’m enrolled in somewhere between ten and fifteen. This means that the first week functions as a trial period, and despite their best efforts, professors have a hard time getting much of anything done. Also, for some reason that has yet to be explained, history classes did not meet, and the building itself was closed. In accordance with PUCV’s policy of not providing its students with relevant information, this was not officially announced or confirmed until the end of the week.
Wow. That black keyhole-backed dress is fantastic. Tight, short, great opaques, nice boots, very attractive beige bra hanging out the back - HOLY CRAP WOMAN, DID NO-ONE TELL YOU THAT'S UNDERWEAR?
Chased is similar to Nymph and Katie, but is the darkest and brightest of the lot. It also leans more purple than either Nymph or Katie. I like this the best in the lot.
Hmm not sure how to even start this post other than it is more a blog about me and what is going on in my life which will in a sense still has a lot to do with this city because it is about my vision and life. So greetings from my favorite coffee shop, Plan B. I am here with my carmel latte and Turkey Royale sandwich ready to bare all to you and explain what has been going on in my life. And yes this is not just about me... the result is a higher and more profound thing than some nice story... So last March I was blessed to start renting a house in uptown Minneapolis. The house is so amazing and I would live there forever most likely but it seems that I will be moving out in August. I have a landlord that has been very hard to get ahold of and being the farm boy I am I mostly would fix the problems myself. I enjoy doing work around the house and yard so that was not that big of an issue to me. But problems with heat have arisen and furnace problems so I was unable to fix unless I wanted to spend money out of my pocket...so if you get the drift I have a slumlord. I never thought I would be a person in a predicament as such but here I am now laughing over it. We really have control over nothing in our lives- well maybe a bit but not much...So as I said the house I live in will be given back to the bank very soon and my deposit has been floating in the air... I have been so tired of dealing with the landlord, the roommates, and many other things. I have become full of fear over loosing my deposit and not being able to make it. I have trusted the Lord in many, many circumstances within this house situation whether it was over roommates not being able to pay, or roommates moving out... The Lord has always provided so why would I be freaking out about resigning a lease for 2 more months and wondering if I would not get my deposit back? I know trusting God is so hard and I believe I will never fully trust but must fully rest in His arms. Getting back to the story of this huge ordeal, my landlord had agreed to a new lease agreement with lower payment and then decided 2 days later not too, so I made up a new lease agreement only to be again turned down... he finally told me to write up a different one that secured my deposit. Well 4 days passed and he never signed it. After this process of trying to get a lease signed by him, talking to tenant lawyers, contacting the foreclosure dude that is working with the bank and landlord I became totally spent and drained. 3 weeks of this back and forth was too much for me. I mean I am not even married and am just a young man... I would pray to God and say things like, "what else are you trying to teach me through this, haven't I endured enough. I have communicated and been nice..." I was beginning to get angry with God, why was he not standing by me? Why was he allowing the enemy to taunt and take advantage of my money and time. Why wasn't Christ fighting for me and bringing justice to my situation. In these 3 weeks I could not even talk to those who cared about me. And if I did it was very surfaced because this problem was welling up in me to the point of explosion and it hurt my spirit so much. Well on Friday I was telling my girlfriend about it and the tears and anger just came out. My heart was wide open and I just stoped told her I needed time to sit and think and be with the Lord. It is in those times that your heart is open that we can see the Father. It is because the places that Christ wants to heal so bad and take our pain is that of in our hearts. So...as I sobbed away and was yelling at God in my head I heard these words, "What about my deposit Nathan." What was he telling me? I thought about that for a long time and this is what I learned and how the Lord took my anger and replaced it with an attitude of thankfulness and joy. I was worried that I may not get my huge deposit back and felt betrayed by my landlord and taken advantage of. He wasted my time many times. He communicated horribly to me over the several different lease agreements, he was taking my rent money and not paying his bills but spending it all on himself. He has a new Escalade... The Lord showed me that this landlord was me in regards to him... well maybe not entirely but in regards that Christ has saved me from the snares and trap of death and has redeemed my life. He has invested heavily into my healing and has essentially "deposited" much into my life. Here my heavenly Father was saying don't waste my deposit Nathan I want that back and I have plans for you that will make my deposit more than I have put down! My Father was sitting with me in this painful time saying words of love and showing me how I have not totally been living for Him. Showing me how I have been selfish in my ways and not talking to him as my landlord to me. He was showing me how many times I try to rewrite things to better suite me when in all reality it is not the right thing. He was showing me how I truly am a broken and mean hearted dude without His love and touch. I felt like crap! I felt so much pain over what was going on with my landlord and I understood that those feelings I had given my Father, my Christ, my Savior... But then after a while I got an image of being in Christ's arms and Him looking at me with joy. He was also crying. I was making him sad over how I had been acting? I repented and then it was like the Lord said, I am crying with you not because of you. Your sins are gone, I have interceded for you so the Father sees you as clean and the purest white...so when He sees you He sees me. So Nathan do not spend this deposit I have invested in you. Be wise and be true to me! Love me and praise me, do not give it away for the world...
How much easier and freeing it is to just do what Jesus commanded: Love GOD. Love others.
In 1812, Beethoven went for hydrotherapy at Teplitz, where he wrote his ardent letter to “The Immortal Beloved.” This letter which was found in a secret draw with the Heiligenstadt Testament, has not stopped the theories and suppositions of researchers and biographers ever since. Numerous women amongst his students and friends have been, in turn, proposed as the recipient of this letter. Unless a new document is discovered (perhaps within the possessions of a private collector) it is likely that the truth about this mysterious woman will remain a secret.
“As opposed to substandard ones?”
Deputy Pringle is unhappy that we are having a referendum on (1) but not on (2). He points out that the €500bn funding for the ESM doesn’t magically appear from nowhere – it is provided by the members of the EuroZone and Ireland’s initial contribution is €11.145bn though the Treaty does make provision for countries in bailout programmes and not all of the cash is payable upfront. Having said that though, the ESM Treaty allows the amounts to be raised “at its sole discretion at any time in the future”, according to Deputy Pringle and given the initial contribution is almost one third of our national annual tax take, this is a matter of no small importance! And so the challenge to the Government is to force a referendum on the ESM Treaty because it is so significant and entails such a potentially colossal financial obligation for our State. The 1987 Crotty case is set to be extensively invoked as justification for the matter to go before the people – this was the court case where Raymond Crotty successfully established the principle that major changes to EU treaties required amendment of the Irish constitution, and consequently referenda.
“He got hit in the elbow. He says he’s going to have to quit playing tennis now.”
The yesterday is history, the tomorrow is mystery, the today is a Gift.
Settle down.
Gem's Tante Adrie is the only surviving member of his father's birth family, his father's 'baby' sister. At nearly 90, she lives on her own in a little apartment in Haarlem, a beautiful old city about forty minutes by train from Amsterdam. We arranged a Monday afternoon visit for coffee. The logistics involved several calls to iron out the details, as her English is limited and Gem's Dutch only somewhat better.
In a bowl use a spoon to mix the miso and tahini together. Add the apple cider vinegar, sweetener of your choice, cayenne pepper and stir until well combined. Use a whisk to mix in the water. Store in the refrigerator. The sauce will thicken after it cools.
This post was meant to be live here a couple of days back… Just that my health had been in a horrid state that I haven't been able to do much.. Can u believe I haven't picked the Camera for more than a month ??? Thank you for being soo patient and understanding me through this… Soma…
What was the spark that kicked off your interest in songwriting?
The event is being put together by Black Isle Brewery and they've created an intriguing concept that sees the cream of Scottish brewing putting 'their own innovative twist and signature flavours on their favourite German beer styles'.
Plus, in a recent blind taste test hosted by Chefs Collaborative in May 2000, at the French Culinary Institute in New York City, wild Alaskan Coho salmon, frozen at sea, ranked first in flavor, texture and aroma.. Wild Oregon Chinook (also called King) salmon, fresh, came in a close second.
Value: $150
**and that's the end of my 5 minutes!**
This is sponsored content by BlogHer and Kelloggs.
Small wonder these people are confused about their own identity! A "trekBoer", a "grensBoer", a "Voortrekker" and a "Boer" all refer to exactly the same people who had founded and supported the Independent Boer Republics of Natalia, the Orange Free State and the Transvaal (ZAR) and who were independent citizens in their own democratic republics for about fifty years before the British destroyed them in their ethnic-cleansing campaign.
I have to honestly say that I wouldn't send poop to any of my penpals. Possibly my husband, but that's because he has a twisted sense of humour and would understand it as a gag.
“Oh, a long time,” he answered with a very cute smile.
About the book, from the publisher:When you open your eyes things already seem to be happening without you. You don't know who you are and you don't remember where you've been. You know the world has changed, that a catastrophe has destroyed what used to exist before, but you can't remember exactly what did exist before. And you're paralyzed from the waist down apparently, but you don't remember that either.
I believe it was early in my sophomore year when I attempted to kill myself. I had an old Aspirin bottle tucked beneath my mattress, stocked with pills of all kinds—prescriptions and otherwise—that I had pilfered from medicine cabinets all across town. On one particular starry night, I climbed out on my roof and looked out at the sky, thinking long and hard about my life, thinking long and hard about my death. I decided that death would be more fitting.
When you are pickling something it’s all about the ratio of salt to sugar to vinegar. I
The story had broken the day before in the East Bay Express, but the woman above was telling me not to believe everything I read, and that the Bay Guardian was going on strong as ever.
12 Afterward Jesus appeared in a different form to two of them while they were walking in the country. 13 He told them that it didn't matter if they had to miss worship for things like sleeping in, sports events, or going to a movie. Worship and community were just suggestions, and not all that important, really, to the living out of their faith. In fact, he wasn't sure why he ever bothered to mention them at all.
Rinse and place in blender with barely enough water to cover. Blend until smooth (I use the whole juice button on my blendtec).
In a civilized country she’d have waited less than an hour at a clinic or physician’s office and been properly treated for approximately $200. That $200 is part of Feinstein’s scary story, part of the phantom $1.7 trillion because after all, the government just spent it to help the child. Feinstein doesn’t mention the $1,200 saved by having a rational system in place instead. Nor is this ever mentioned by the insurance or pharmaceutical companies, the AMA, or any of the other powerful lobbies feeding inaccuracies and perverted statistics to the mainstream media. Nor is it mentioned by CNN or Fox, MSNBC, etc., etc. Meanwhile what passes for U.S. health care takes up one-sixth of our gross domestic product while our health statistics are beneath those of Morocco.
Spider-Man 4, also known as “Spider-Man Reboot” will be out in theaters on 2012—almost 50 years after “Gagamba at si Scorpio”.
1¾ cups sugar
Genre: Non Fiction, Biography
However, the traditional Western Satsang model can be helpful. There’s still a time and place for it. The photos and flowers are gestures of respect. In that kind of setting it is implicit that the teacher is enlightened and the people in the audience are not enlightened. Some people benefit from that kind of dynamic.
On January 22, 2011 my wife, Keely, and I are hosting Mouthgasm 2011- a beer and food pairing experience. At Mouthgasm, we will be walking guests through the basics of beer and food pairing principles- balance, contrast, emphasis- and discussing the ins and outs of beer in the culinary realm. We're not professional chefs, food critics, or even foodies. We're food porn fetishists- we get our jollies on jellies, and so forth. Keely and I have been concocting concoctions in our kitchen for several years, and have found personal success, enjoyment, and beervana in our adventures, and in our mouths. We will be showing you how simple beer and food pairing is, and how incredibly fun and enriching it can be.
3 hours…
No need to fret! Although he was being taken to Mass General Hospital, he was witnessed "moving all his extremities" and talking! Phew, right?!?! Well..sure! I'm no doctor (despite my MD initials and many hours logged in with ones), but that movement was a relieving sign that there was no spinal cord injury at least!
You’ll come after me
I don't know about you, but whenever I opened up the listening center for my kiddos to use in past years, it was always so stressful. First, most of my audio books were still on tape. Do you know a child who even knows what a tape is anymore? So, explaining how to use a tape player was a challenge. Then, I had six pairs of headphones in one large perpetual knot. That's always a delight! And, while I have always had a very large library of audio books, I generally have only one or two copies of each book, so children had to share. This became it's own monster...always arguing over who gets to hold the book and the inevitable child who just has to sit and listen because he can't see. Doesn't really sound like an ideal situation to enjoy listening to books and improve reading fluency, does it?
8. The forcefulness of simplicity.
Photo exhibit: In the Depth of my Land, a compilation of photos by WKU photojournalism graduate Dijana Muminovic from her trips to Bosnia and Herzegovina over the last several years, will be on display May 20 to June 1 in the gallery on the first floor of Mass Media and Technology Hall (MMTH) on the campus of WKU. The photos provide a moving account of life in Bosnia and Herzegovina and the culture of its people, the aftermath of war, and immigration to the United States.
Today Ben came back from mailing some Christmas packages with ...packages...for me! He said the one was kinda old because he had forgotten to give me the sign for it slip. I gave him a look and said...see..this is why I don't like you picking the mail up and going to work with it!
Friday night I had Joy and Brad’s rehearsal dinner.
Whether his ‘unfitness’ was a show (so as not to get into trouble for charges of corruption) or not, it is mildly telling that Fox chose not to update the world on this story like everyone else is doing.
She would later meet her military husband,
Of course, as soon as we sat down in the park (on a little hill overlooking the lake, under a willow tree. It was very picturesque) it started to rain again. Just tiny drops that barely got through the tight leaves on the tree, and we sat there talking, watching the water fall into the lake. Thunder rumbled in the distance, and we even saw lightning over the skyscrapers.
(Not what you thought, was it!)
1 1/2 tablespoons tapioca starch
I feel a little bit more like myself today.
Paris hosts can hire a quatorzieme. This is a professional 14th guest for parties of 13. FDR used his secretary as a quatorzieme.
DAY 9: Watch a Christmas movie
I think it will be quite enjoyable once we have played it for a bit. My players are the type to enjoy a solid game of role playing and not just adventure – thrill seekers, so I believe we will have a good time immersing ourselves into this system. The thing that is different about this game is that it is designed for the players’ characters to achieve – to progress. They find clues – there is no role or doubt about it. What they make of the clues, and to what dread truth they are driven by them, is another thing. Ultimately – as it is Cthulhu mythos – their characters will be dead or more likely quite unusably insane.
This week there was some discussion of the ‘Writer Vs Planner’ approach to writing. Some people are writers, in that they just sit down and spill out their thoughts without any structural notes or plans, and let the story and characters form organically. Others are planners, those who methodically make notes and lists and charts about plot and characters and locations etc, so that it’s all laid out before them before they commit pen to paper for chapter one. The group seemed to have a slightly higher proportion of planners from what I could tell.
Funfetti cake from the Spork Fed Cookbook
Not surprisingly, Baring's greatest literary champions in England were Belloc and Chesterton. Belloc considered Cat's Cradle, published in 1925, "a great masterpiece… the best story of a woman's life that I know." He also greatly admired Robert Peckham. "The style," Belloc wrote, "which is characteristically yours, is even better in Robert Peckham than in any of the other books… Where you triumph unusually is in the exact valuation of characters which do not differ in black and white, but in every shade. You do it better in this book, I think, than in any other, even than in Cat's Cradle… It seems to me to have a more permanent quality than any other… All those who count will unite in its praise, except those who do not feel a subtle thing at the first shock."
Dozens of parolees arrested in L.A.-area sweep
- Dominic Rushe, The Guardian
Unsurprisingly, since he has invested so much into the promulgation of it, despite the accumulating evidence to the contrary, Aylward claims that the biopsychosocial principles of management are evidence-based, when the “biopsychosocial model” can be readily shown to have no empirical foundation, particularly in relation to ME/CFS.
“God—‘Our Father who art in heaven,’ the creator of heaven and Earth in six days—gets the bus?”
not romantically...
I want to do something artsy fartsy now.
More rapid than eagles his coursers they came,
I can hear the females calling to them, but I've also heard Dirk makes those same noises with his turkey call. It's just kind of funny to hear it in real life.
TO PLAY leave your comment here, I moderate comment so no one can cheat and I can tally it all up! :) Thanks
Dark laughter on the teeter-totter,
2) Meta Description Tags: This is where your description is shown when getting search engine results. Your website’s content will be described exactly how you want the reader to interpret it on the search engine results page of Google, Yahoo, Bing, etc. This is created on the back-end of your website using the HTML tags properly. Ask your developer to code this accurately to your specifications.
The Brain Extravaganza is a community art event created by Dr. Jill Bolte Taylor to raise awareness, appreciation and education among the amazing human brain. The 22 fiberglass brain sculptures are decorated by local and regional artists and positioned around Bloomington for everyone to enjoy (at least 5 in the BEAD district!). See these enormous brains May 4 through October 15. More information at www.jbtbrains.org.
B: When I started out I was over idealistic about it. I didn’t work through booking agents and managers you know? I went directly to artists and it turned out I could only really book friends, I guess. A lot of artist are willing to take that risk. And I was on to something with that on some level but as the festival grew I had to book artist I didn’t know and then I can have those relations ships. But the festival is this organic, home grown, intimate event and then the reputation is that a place where you come and take risk and hang out and feel the pressure. Big festivals can be a lot of pressure because you’re playing in front of a large crowd and the media is there. People always ask me if we will move it to a bigger city and I say no because it definitely wouldn’t function in the same way. And I’ve been burned by that, by occasionally having an artist who doesn’t get it. There on tour and their tired and that’s unfortuante/ But in seven years that’s happened to me once or maybe twice.
13. Most of all please be respectful of our town and our neighbors. We want to continue to hold a safe and fun event in the years to come and we can only do it with your help.
I have seen worse hoarding, in fact much worse. What I find incredible is the scale of the hoarding in these pictures.
...all of a sudden, perhaps spawned on by a name painted on a rock, the name 'Eden' pops into my head - immediately followed by 'Eden Gaha'.
Klipsch HD 300 Compact 5.1 HD Theatre System
and dreams of a chair carved
I could almost hear a dog howling down the street. I lay on my back, watching the fan, almost half lit by the moon rays. I looked out of the window, the moon shone too brightly that time of the night. It had been Holi a couple of days back, i.e. Dola Poornima. Hence a full moon, almost.
Went to see Jonah Lehrer speak the other night. Thanks to a friend we got to the lecture REALLY early and got seats. We later heard the line went out the door and down the block--most didn't get in.
Is everything new again?
Carver M. Sutton Hoo: Burial ground of kings? British Museum Press, 1998, ISBN 0-7141-0591-0.
Synopsis – When Joanna Murray’s parents split up, her English mother takes her back home to England, where she is placed in St. Agatha’s Academy, a private school where only “the best children go.” But Joanna is no mood to try and get along with her schoolmates, who she regards as weird and snobbish. This is especially true of a group of giggling girls and their leader, Dennis Dinwiddy, a spotty, rat faced boy who takes a dislike to Joanna on sight. It is when Joanna is auditioning for the school play – a musical version on A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur’s Court – that Dennis “Dimwit” gets his chance for ultimate revenge by opening a trapdoor in the stage, sending Joanna plummeting into the abyss. When she lands, Joanna finds herself in the 6th Century, during the time of Camelot and King Arthur. Will history be rewritten? And if so, how will it affect the future?
As the Chief of Rheumatology at Columbia Presbyterian, Dr. Paul Allen's specialty is diagnosing patients with conflicting symptoms, patients other doctors have given up on. He lives a contented life in Westport with his second wife and their twin sons—hard won after a failed marriage earlier in his career that produced a son named Daniel. In the harrowing opening scene of this provocative and affecting novel, Dr. Allen is home with his family when a televised news report announces that the Democratic candidate for president has been shot at a rally, and Daniel is caught on video as the assassin.
Spent a lot of my time just kinda chilling with my kid too, we really got to reconnect and just hang out, playing Rock Band till 3 am, being loud and silly, eating junk food, and laughing till it hurt. It was pretty good. And crisis aside, it was a good month... I think a hiatus of sorts is needed every once in awhile. I've kinda swore off of the etsy chat thing too. I was finding myself just going in almost like morning coffee and a cig... like a habit, but not even an enjoyable one anymore. A lot of women hate me in there... they seem to feel a need to bash me or talk shit or whatever. It kinda cracks me up how people who no nothing about you can make a call on the type of person you are by a shop and a name... those are the people I have no time for. I have met some very very cool people in chat, well ya'll are on my blog list so there... nerr. But the rest... they are too dull, automatic, and judgemental for me. I just can't be bothered with it anymore. For the most part the people in chat don't buy from me, don't like me, have nothing interesting to say so why torture myself... I'll talk to you fine people here who actually give a shit.
- a glass milk jug from the same antiques store
Much still remained on our to-do list, but it was already our last day in Sóller. Because of our late arrival on Day 1 and our all-day hiking excursion on Day 2, we still hadn’t been inside the church or the museum and hadn’t gone shopping. Time was limited, because we had a train to catch, so we headed for the church first. Closed. The museum. It’s Monday. Closed. Stores have to be open, right?
My short story ‘The Strength of a Promise’ is now available on kindle for 77p so when you have time for a short read please take a trundle over there and download it to your Kindle. Here’s the blurb to give you an idea of the story.
I will repeat that.
The Telectroscope will remain installed through June 15, and participation is free.
"They threw me to the ground and the next thing they sped off with all our luggage."
Dennis Michael Cook, 33, Colts Neck, N.J.
Ray Bradbury—for Halloween Tree, The Illustrated Man, Something Wicked This Way Comes, and The October Country
The first thing Max said after he got the news that he would have to write a sizable check to the IRS was an explosive “What did you do, Diana?” He was sure that she hadn’t booked invoices or checks. “Did you put in the gas receipts?” After being assured that the books were correct, the Dios mio’s started flying. A series of That damn Obama‘s followed closely. In the end, we went over changes we need to make for 2012 to prevent sticker shock at the end of the year. We incorporated this year which should help. I expect Max to ask, at least a few more times, if I am “sure that Diana put in all the expenses”. I hate learning experiences, finding out that what I thought I knew is not what IS.
The annual March Rendez-Vous with French Cinema again showed a wide range of contemporary French films at different locations in New York City. The series is sponsored by the Film Society of Lincoln Center and Unifrance which promotes French films. Many screenings included appearances from actors and directors.
Oh, I've just remembered! My assignment for my creative writing class this week is about establishing setting, and our homework was to write three paragraphs about a place we've been. Mine's still in the works, but it will be three paragraphs about places I've been in Japan. Would you all like to see it when it's done? I know a lot of people have been asking for more detail about my Japan trip - I know, I know, I still owe you one article on it- it's coming, promise! - so if you're interested that'll be posted later this week! <U+2665>
In non-Lord of the Rings clips:
but we shall see... :)
Once again it was great hanging with old friends during the weekend like Drew and Gary, Chuck and Dave along with new friends Shawn and his girlfriend , Kyle and the Awesome Bomb Radio team just to name a few. A big thanks you to TNA’ and Bob Ryder for his kindness as well.
The next problem is that the hearts are top heavy. This makes is more difficult to dip into the chocolate. When I started to dip, I could feel the pop was not very secure on the stick. Through trial and error, I was finally able to dip and keep the hearts on the stick. I'm trying to figure out a way to describe it, but I think you have to feel out while doing it. Just go slowly, take your time. Once the heart is covered in chocolate and sets until the chocolate is hardened, it will be very secure on the stick and you can proceed normally without worry it will fall off.
The times that I get to ride out like that, even when I have to manage kids and dogs while riding, are bliss. These experiences are what assure me that things are ok, and that I'm still where I want to be overall. It's a little bit of sanity, re-injected into my life. It brings me back in touch with myself.
Here’s an activity from Chapter 5:
A lot of things that are inexpensive now will be invaluable later. As the economy collapses even further, people will be focused on survival and the barter system will reignite. Barter items will be far better than cash – you can’t eat a dollar!
One of the reasons given for the nomination of Pope John Paul II for sainthood is that he “whipped himself with a belt, even on vacation,” according to a new book. If that’s what it takes, why isn’t David Carradine a saint? What is the link between Catholicism and sadomasochism? As a former seminarian, perhaps you can explain this.
1. These are the worst ads ever shown on Australian television - what nonsense. What about the Coles ad where Normie Rowe tries to sing a version of one of his old songs only minutes after having had a stroke? Or the ones where two prostitutes try to out-strumpet one another by doing Darth Vader impersonations and talking about tattoos in their respective underpantal regions?
Makes about 2 cups
one body,
Romeo's ultrasound last Monday showed a whopping 20% decrease in thickness of his suspensory ligament where it is inflamed (which happens to be 5 cm distal to the chestnut)! I am so, so happy! I was so afraid he wouldn't have improved, especially since he is older and this is a hind suspensory after all. So we have continued with his Show Ready System, and the BoT wraps. They trotted him on concrete on a straight line and he was SOUND! Woohoo! Only 5 more months to go...although in about 3 weeks he can go outside in a 30'x30' pasture. We are going to be up to 40 minutes of walking in another 3 weeks as well and then we start trotting in hand. Boy, I bet that is going to be exciting. See below.
But then, I am in Helsinki, and along with the familiar chocolate Easter eggs and rabbits, there are other cultural traditions being played out that reflect Finland's past domination by eastern and western powers. The witches, I'm told, came from Sweden and the wands from Russia, mixing together to make an intriguing local custom where costumed witches recite good wishes with their willow wands in return for sweets.
Sweet dreams all!
“I am your real mother, I am your more important mother.”
Starring- Amber Tamblyn, Arielle Kebbel, Edison Chen, Sarah Roemer
Fry the onions on a low heat until softened but not coloured (I threw in the garlic clove as well)
Obama, like Carter, went on a government-spending spree in response to the recession with little to show for it.
1/4 cup cilantro
Melding the flavors of crisp onions
That Which is Not Prohibited is Mandatory
2) 3 X ME Strict HSPU – rest 2 minutes.
“I like this Slimming World thing”was what my hubby said to me this afternoon while I was making dinner.
Duration: 50 mins approx
Although everyone had to pay to get past the gate to see the WWII planes, the P-51 Mustang was in a class all of its own. Roped off like a fighting celebrity, the P-51 Mustang was the escort to these big bombers. Today only staring at the glory of the P-51 was allowed because no one was esteemed enough to touch it while standing on Moffett Field’s runway.
AF affects nearly 226 million of Americans, and costs an estimated 27 billion dollars annually in direct health care costs.
On that morning, as I got dressed for my morning classes, I remembered I had History first period – and I groaned. My teacher was a racist American nationalist and an egotistical little prick who loved making us feel like ‘ignorant Arabs’. I knew that with this new event, he’d seize the opportunity to hop up on his red, white, and blue horse and wave his glorious flag in our faces. A part of me considered sparing myself the headache and simply skipping his class, but the pan-Arab in me insisted that I go to class and face the music.
My hat is off to those who endure the ups and downs with the general public. I have never had to SMILE so much in my life and you all KNOW how I love to smile. Smiling here...truly! I wish my former co-workers and boss all the best and thank them tremendously for the wonderful experience I had when I was working at Costco there. I will cherish every moment I had there NOT a one goes without my thanks.
-Raffia, twine, or ribbon
We are sponsored by Di's Digi Downloads & several of the team have used Di's images as they are just adorable!
Cockney: "......"
I recently went to an area in Cape Town’s CBD called Bo-Kaap. It is a very old neighbourhood in the centre of the city. What makes this place so special is that it’s residents (who are mostly Coloured people with a Malaysian or Muslim background) paint their houses in the brightest, most vibrant colours, and because of their heritage, as you walk through the neighbourhood, you can smell the most sensational and fragrant curry smells. It’s a sensory delight walking through there, hearing the children play in the streets, smelling the delicious foods, seeing these brilliant colours and feeling the warm ocean breeze on your face. I took some photographs, which is actually the main reason I went there, but I would like to go again, but much later in the day, when the sunlight isn’t so very harsh.
Luckily, pop music came to my rescue, and I commanded my legs to just.keep.moving.
3. Wiretree-Make Up (Cobalt Works)
e) other dramas.
Mathematics Grades 3-4 CD-Rom we received to
The blond, wiry dealer, 52, who founded the store in 1986 after a stint at Christie’s, has become a public figure with his twin brother, Leslie, the director of American furniture and decorative arts at Sotheby’s. They have been profiled in New York and People magazines, published a memoir and appeared in 14 seasons of “Roadshow.” (Sometimes one can be spotted chatting up visitors in the background while the other is appraising on camera.) For two decades, until this year, Leigh Keno also rented a booth in January at the entrance to the Winter Antiques Show in Manhattan, which opens on Friday. Since he announced his auction business last summer, he said: “I’m so energized, I feel like I’m 28 again. I loved being a dealer, but it was time for me personally for a new challenge.”
Let this spell last forever
Halifax Library Association AGM
Mount Tambora is an active volcano on the Sumbawa islands, Indonesia. Sumbawa is flanked both to the north and south by oceanic crust, and Tambora was formed by the active subduction zones beneath it. This raised Mount Tambora as high as 4,300 m (14,000 ft), making it one of the tallest peaks in the Indonesian archipelago, and drained off a large magma chamber inside the mountain. It took decades to refill the magma chamber, its volcanic activity reaching its peak in April 1815. Tambora erupted in 1815 with a rating of seven on the Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI), making it the largest eruption since the Lake Taupo eruption in about 180 BC. The 1815 eruption of Tambora was the largest volcanic eruption in recorded history. The explosion was heard on Sumatra island, more than 2,000 km or 1,200 miles, away. Heavy volcanic ash falls were observed as far away as Borneo, Sulawesi, Java and Maluku islands. Most deaths from the eruption were from starvation and disease, as the eruptive fallout ruined agricultural productivity in the local region. The death toll was at least 71,000 people (perhaps the most deadly eruption in history), of whom 12,000 were killed directly by the eruption. The eruption created global climate anomalies; 1816 became known as the “Year Without a Summer” because of the effect on North American and European weather. Agricultural crops failed and livestock died in much of the Northern Hemisphere, resulting in the worst famine of the 19th century.
So here goes!
In case you hadn’t gathered by now, behind the charm and talent Emilíana Torrini is simply a sweet and bloody lovely person. She’s got the best of both worlds when it comes to genetics too, bashfully owning a face that contains everything classically beautiful about Icelandic and Italian women. Strangely, her Italian roots have rarely been mentioned over the years. With her mother a native Icelander and her father an Italian city boy, there must be some tales to tell with two such opposing cultures coming together? “I found it difficult sometimes,” she admits. “I didn’t understand why I’d been raised very strictly in such a liberal environment.
“I actually left that in the snow to disintegrate and dissolve,” she said.
"The story of Scout's initiation and maturing is the story of finding out who you are in the world," says author Mary McDonagh Murphy. "And at the same time, the novel is about finding out who we are as a country."
On the NCAA side of things, Stanford is still the favorite as they cruised to conference and regional wins both times led by individual winner Chris Derrick. Oklahoma State should contend still as German Fernandez seems to round into shape after an early season injury. They ran regional as a team tempo run with all the team coming across together. Colby Lowe is still the key I think as he needs to step up from last years performance. If he does they will be right there in contention with Stanford.
“Is he your benefactor? Are you some relation?”
I set the table today to lessen tomorrow’s commotion, and I used my mother’s china. (Sorry, BBB. Paper plates just won’t cut it!! And yes, I will do the dishes.) I want the day to be special because how many more Thanksgivings can my father have? And if he’s blessed with a dozen more, who knows whether even my brother’s vast negotiating skills will gain such concessions again.
King Banaian has been a professor at SCSU for 26 years. He has Been Chairmen for the Econ. Dept. for nine years.
By Saturday evening it seems that the entire area has decided to attend the festival. Many are eager to see the local male choir led by the hospital's head surgeon, Þorsteinn Johannesson. Aptly enough, the singers perform with Óttarr, the mild-mannered vocalist of surreal rock stalwarts Dr Spock.
4. Nominate those 15 bloggers for the Versatile Blogger Award — you might include a link to this site.
I have purchased many a jelly roll over the last year, simply because I might use them someday.. well I started this yesterday....
"It's the first revenge for the martyrdom of... Bin Laden. There will be more," Taliban spokesman Ehsanullah Ehsan told the Reuters news agency by telephone from an undisclosed location.
Decent bump on the outskirts of Taupo that started in a sheep pasture but then turned into a fantastic little forest track to the cloud-enshrouded summit.
Is it not infuriating that we look for culprits only on the extreme right - which effectively pulls the chestnuts from the fire - without ever exposing the overwhelming responsibility of those, very often calling themselves "of the left", and more often "philosophy" professors than supermarket cashiers, who passionately argued that the Arabs and blacks, especially their youth, corrupted our educational system, perverted our suburbs, offended against our freedoms and outraged our women? Or they were "too many of them" in our football teams? Exactly as it was formerly said of Jews and "wogs" that eternal France was mortally threatened through them.
All royalty proceeds from this book go to WINGS (Women In Need Growing Stronger) and a student missionary scholarship fund. WINGS is a non-profit organization that provides a domestic violence shelter for women and their children in addition to transitional housing and programs.
--the need to maintain the character and neighborhood feel of Brooklyn
170. Kris responds it by uploading a photo of his childhood in the social networking site ^ ^
It just may not be enough. Or more specifically, it just may be that his issues dovetail so thoroughly with issues with my dad. It may be that I’m especially needy in this area – one that he’s especially weak in. And vice versa.
…’Though McCain spoke optimistically of ‘light of a new day’ in Afghanistan and many media reports heralded the agreement as a ‘signal to the end of war’, more sober analysts arrived at more troubling conclusions.’
As far as I can find out, Annemarie Selinko was an Austrian journalist and political writer, married to a Danish husband. They were living in Denmark when the war broke out, but fled from the Gestapo to Sweden, where they worked with the Swedish Red Cross assisting refugees. She used aspects of her experiences in Desiree, her last novel, which tells the story of a silk merchant's daughter who was once engaged to Napoleon and later married one of his Marshals, subsequently becoming Desideria, Queen of Sweden.
“What’s odd about this is that of the top 50 school districts in the nation, New York City is the only school district that has a policy banning worship services,” Lorence said. “It does not show respect for religious liberty.”
This would be a perfect day-to-night cocktail dress, just slip the cardigan off and add tons of bangles (not shown here, I’m still working on my collection!) – perhaps a necklace - and you’ll be ready to hit the town in no time.
New pumpkin spice cappuccinos? How similar to Starbucks, and yet your price is so right. Shall i see what all the fuss is about? (After sipping) Ooh, child, this is fabulous stuff. I can see why people get excited over this drink. Thank you for selling 16 ounces for, like, a dollar. This is my new favorite fall treat. I am already thinking about the next Wawa run i can make.
Locke is whittling a very long stick with his big knife. Sawyer asks him if it's going to be a spear.
A new appointment has been arranged for you to attend the
Well, this matchup has already been decided. The main concern for the Bulls during the post-season was going to be keeping their star player healthy in an effort to maintain their title hopes. Unfortunately for Chicago fans those hopes were all but dashed last night when Rose tore his ACL while driving into the lane. In spite of their recent success without Rose it is highly unlikely that the Bulls will make it far in the absence of their best player.
I repeat you, hurrying, crashing, sad, distracted year.
My hope is that some day scientists will actually find a cure for breast cancer, not just tame the beast.
We must continue to prove ourselves. There are many people out there that we have upset last November, and right where we need to show that us will not happen again. We have already begun our promises. The people have now been decent content for their money.
Do you honestly want that?
In addition to the almost 50,000 estimated to have died in Mexico’s drug violence, another 10,000 have disappeared without a trace. Many of these, Elijah is convinced, are the victims of Satanic rituals that require human sacrifice.
Do you have a cavity yet? I know. A little ridiculous. But it's fun to shop around for pretty cake plates and display jars. Let's just hope it all comes together! We're excited but also super nervous. I guess most people are for their wedding day right?
Bookshop listing with UK Bookland
Okay, is it just me, or does this minimum price per unit for alcohol rhetoric our government is shitting on about, the health of the yoof and binge drinking… does it not seem like a smokescreen to you? A diversion tactic to draw our attention away from the fact that the budget has fucked us in the ass again? This minimum price, 40p per unit, they say, is to stop binge drinking. If it is too expensive, you won’t be able to afford to drink… at £1.20 a can? The fuckers don’t get it in the government, because they are millionaires, people are using debt to bay for booze, to numb the pain. Our chancellor Osborne, with his £130,000+ a year salary, paid by us, his £44m trust fund and the cash the fucker gets from his association with businesses or from renting out his Notting Hill home, has no fucking idea how hard it can be to run a family on fuck all. Stinks of a stealth tax to me. VAT at 20% – a 75p can of larger nets the government 15p, but with the minimum they get almost double that in tax revenue. It has though, taken the heat off a budget where George Osborne says “we’re all in this together.” Yet taxing the worst off and helping the super wealthy. That fuck must have been laughing as he himself is avoiding paying tax. He pays accountants to help him find loopholes which Channel 4 reckons will help him dodge £1.6million. These ‘legal tax dodges’ cost the rest of us billions, and yet he wants to tax the old and the poor? The budget doesn’t make any sense. If you are going to fuck me in the ass, say it… it’s not like I have a choice. But don’t think for a second that were are all that fucking stupid that we can’t see you – fucking me in the ass. Cost of £40k tax cut to 14,000 millionaires = £560m. Cost of the granny tax to 4.5 million grannies = £3b. The cold hard facts are that these 14,000 millionaires will benefit from a £40k tax cut funded by the poorest and pensioners. People who fought knee deep in mud, fighting with rifles and bayonets to defend the liberty and freedom of the people fucking them over again. I used to say, ‘The Rich go to war – but it is the poor who die.’ But it seems the ones that don’t die have to fund the rich too!
today- my sister.
Nana
Hello friends! I don't have a project for you today, but instead I thought I'd share my new bedding. Exciting? I'm not sure, but hopefully it's not too boring! ;)
If you ever catch Victorious, you'll see that Gillies is cast perfectly in her role and it's obvious she's going to become a big star. Gillies also appeared in the 2008 film Harold and some of her other TV credits include The Black Donnellys and White Collar. She grew up in Haworth, NJ and attended Northern Valley Regional High School in Demarest, NJ.
Here are my top ten quotes from George Orwell.
When I first found this animated movie I loved it. I sent fr.o.m. Laughing, to thinking it was sexy, to loving the drawings, to asking myself “how did they manage to make it so much fun its à b… Walking infront of us for
vibration.
It’s been an intense twelve days! Last week was spent in a manic haze making never-ending arrangements for my business trip, the weekend was spent praying to God all those arrangements took flight, and this week has been spent making more arrangements for different projects, while working on two others at the same time. No surprise, I’m tired and am getting a cold. I might even have a fever. Sigh.
I received an email today informing me that Ween is coming to St. Petersburg, FL in October, two hours from where I live, so I knew it was a sign that I had to post this. It will be the second time I see them live and I am so psyched about it.
I saw several on-line and they are all gorgeous.
Anyhoo, I was sort of gah-gah about him becuase he was freakin' gorgeous and sexy and flirty. Dumb as a brick, but still... But my friend knew him from her hometown. She knew what a dick he was and how he treated girls like shit. She warned me and then warned me again, and then when I refused to heed her warnings, she was pretty much like, "Well, okay. Your funeral."
-rest 2:00
Me: Okay, that sounds good, then. Has she met your children?
A big (around $6000) project that we hope to start next year is adding a bathroom and walk-in-closet to the master bedroom. The yellow box gives you an idea of what that will do to our yard.
A few of the kinfolks had moved away-
1/2 cup softened butter
Unun Einkalíf IS
Sometimes, these visits are just for a nose round the house and a wander in the gardens - and the tea, of course, but sometimes the visit has a direct bearing on my writing. I choose particular houses for particular periods, particular characters. It is a quick, shorthand way of getting into their lives.
06-08 Stockholm, Sweden – Annexet
WHERE CAN I GET IT?
I don’t carry a cycling-specifc waterproof jacket as my Montane is light and more versatile. The same applies to cycling jerseys and Icebreaker merino tops do a sterling job and don’t stink after a day in the saddle.
Travel delays, plus delays in publishing, the media, and anything related to higher education, the law, or medicine will definitely dog your steps. It's so frustrating! You are a perfectionist. And now these delays make you look ridiculous and inept. (Is there no justice?) Be comforted by the knowledge that every sign is feeling frustrated by delays for some reason or other. It's the nature of the beast. (Mercury retrograde.) Instead, use this time to do research, or finish anything related to higher education, medicine, the media, publishing, and the law. Despite these snafus, you will finish things quite quickly.
¼ cup cornstarch
Stuck in reverse
The ADL has organized to silence and eliminate all critical voices of Israel from academia and the media and has targeted professors , particularly those who are African American, and who are critical of Israel.
Sort of the final nail in the coffin of my upbringing, that Republican bit there.
07 - Bishop Danced
- 1 tsp khus khus (poppy seeds)
It's pointless, I suppose, to try to make sense of what the powers-that-be are up to; it simply makes no logical sense unless you try to see through the distorting lens of the multicultists.
On the Mother's Day page, "What does your mom always say?" Abby Kate: "Well, she's kind of like, mean." Nice. I'm so proud. What's sad is, lately, she may be right. She's been in trouble a little more than usual, so my mean voice has also been out a little too much. It was a good reminder that those little ears are listening to every word...and every tone. :)
These are Sight Word String-Ups! I use these quite a bit in my classroom, and my kids always enjoy using them. I'm posting this "mini-blog" early in the week because these plastic pencil boxes that I use to make these Sight Word String-Ups are on sale this week at Office Depot for just one penny each (at least in my area, anyway! You'll have to check with your local store, of course, if you want to make some. You may also want to call and find out if they still have any left in stock, because at least where I live, they run out of this item every year when they put them on sale for a penny. The teachers all snap them up right away! Our local Office Depot allows teachers to buy up to 30 items each if you have one of their teacher cards. However, I understand that not every store follows this policy, so check with your local store before investing time or money in the project, for sure.
Thanks for referencing the historic Treaty GW Bush provided with India.
getting comments on my blog
It did not answer the question “what happened?”
Does this make sense?
For those that never had experience with these critters, they can build nests in walls and you may find yourself covered with them while you sleep. They don't bite; they grab with their mandibles and sting like a wasp. The toxin is painful and can cause severe allergic reactions. At best, the sting leaves an irritating pistule. At worst, the result may be a trip to the hospital, or death.
Tracks are as follows -
I'm quiet for a little bit, and then I say, "Well, there's nothing really wrong with it. It's just . . . sad."
Silent Night Deadly Night Part 2 seems to understand the rules of cheap-jack sequels that grab up every cheap buck they can, because they may have taken three years to get this follow-up out the door, but not only does it feel like it came out a month after the original's release, but (for a sequel) it's telling a story that's already been TOLD!
We carry vintage and new home goods,
Here are some designs I made for the kit..
A single nation, they suggest, slowly emerged from the rivalries and fluctuating fortunes of separate kingdoms like Mercia, Wessex and East Anglia. Major figures such as Offa, Alfred, Edgar and Cnut are discussed in detail, while the stunning illustrations convey the immense achievements of Anglo-Saxon art and culture. Above all, the book shatters for ever the idea that the Anglo-Saxon centuries were simply a barbarous prelude to better things.
Politicians ignore economists because they’re the only profession with a loud minority who speak truth to power. Over at Anti-Dismal, I enjoyed the discussion of how David Cunliffe has to be getting bad economic advice.
My Dad is having the same surgery in the next couple weeks. Date TBD as of now. My had has had a couple heart attacks and is the owner of 7 stints in his heart. And his surgery too will scare and worry me just like Mom's. I'm just hoping and praying for another good outcome.
I enjoy learning and reading and even writing.
“The Tuareg rebellion was only a sign of the depths to which Mali has fallen,” Konaté concludes. “The state of the Malian army is just that of Malian society. Consensus, which had been an asset in Mali — where ethnic groups got along fraternally — became a liability once it was hijacked by the politicians.”
Whoa. I really don't remember such a high percentage of Forties Club inductees in a contest! I also don't remember so many super high scores. I think that overall, this contest had the STRONGEST WRITING of my (now) fourteen contests!! EVERYONE has reason to feel proud.
What dread hand? and what dread feet?
No. I don't subject myself to this pressure to post daily or because I have to. I post when I want to and that is if I've had some inspiration of what I want to say and something I've photographed that I'm happy with. I'm enjoying learning about photography so that perhaps that interest is keeping any fatigue at bay.
And high and far from a distant star,
I wait by the precipice.
#733 - Kaagaz Ke Phool (1959) - (#719 on TSPDT) Tragic figure Guru Dutt's final film as a director (though he may have ghost directed others after this) is a look at the film industry in India, and more specifically, one director (played by Dutt, as was the norm in his films) and his attempt at creating art and loving the star that will eventually become bigger than he. With similar motifs to Fellini's 8 1/2 a few years later, Dutt's film (a financial and critical flop which led to his quitting directing) is one of those works than can be called haunting without the term seeming all that clichéd. Out of the eight films Dutt directed between 1951 and 1959, I would place this one second to his one near masterpiece Pyaasa.
I'm getting much better cold wise...and business has been wonderful..which all
It is a kind of balance that is his glory. He rides the drifts like an escaped ski. His course is the caress of the hill. His track is a drawing of the snow in a moment of its particular arrangement with wind and rock. Something in him so loves the world that he gives himself to the laws of gravity and chance.
The military isn't too concerned, at one point saying that these cases surface rarely, and to put together a database of all its award winners would be a big chore, and costly. Chaffetz, who was one of the first Tea Party candidates to get a congressional seat, normally squeezes a government nickel. He touts his fiscal conservatism, but is apparently not worried about running up costs when it comes to this issue.
Leftists have many “arguments” in response to the objection that the mandate violates religious freedom. One that particularly highlights leftists’ inability to understand basic economics is the claim that the mandate will actually save money for everyone — including the insurance companies — since it is less costly to provide contraceptives than pay for all the expenses related to pregnancy and providing health care for a child (the economically enlightened response: if it was true that “free” contraceptives save money overall then the “greedy” insurance companies would already be providing free contraceptives to save themselves money, even without a government mandate). Another leftist “argument” in favor of the mandate uses an amazing twist of logic: some leftists argue that for a religious organization to decline to provide contraceptives via health insurance is tantamount to imposing its religious beliefs on its employees and is therefore a violation of its employees’ freedom of religion. In other words, by this leftist “logic” the only way to maintain religious freedom on the matter of contraceptives is for religious employers to actively pay for contraceptives for their employees! But of course this falsely assumes women are unable to acquire contraceptives on their own, with or without health insurance. The actual way to maintain religious freedom is to permit women to purchase contraceptives (which they already can) while allowing those who object to contraceptives to decline to pay for them (which, of course, is the exact opposite effect achieved by the mandate).
Where were they going? What would become of them?
For grades 1 to 3, Neil was back in public school, but now he was in special needs classes which was helpful for his physical difficulties. Neil maintained an A+ average from grade school through high school.
The horrors of evictions have not changed over the years, except to become more violent. Here in this collage of eviction footage over the years, Simon Evans has overlayed the testimonies of Travellers powerfully showing the same old tragic story of being forced to move on.
11. Lenoir talks - encore :
The tiara is named for the Cambridge side of Queen Mary's family, of which Princess Augusta was a part. She was married to the first Duke of Cambridge, a son of King George III. Her tiara was set on a base of pearls to match the hanging drop pearls that were suspended from diamond lover's knots. Queen Mary's design for the tiara did not have a base of pearls, but diamonds instead.
I was going to leave it there but have to say- there's been a lot of debate about Anne Hathaway's accent in this film and, yes, it is patchy but she plays the character of Emma beautifully. I think she did an interview saying that she decided if she focussed too much on the accent she wouldn't be able to focus on the acting and I respect her choice. She really is a lovely Emma, so I just had to block out the accent. And the film introduced me to Jim Sturgess forwhich I will be forever grateful.
In fact, The Family Vibes were not an actual band or a static one: they were just the various musicians backing the duo live and in the studio (more or less
It might seem, then, that if one simply correct the contingent fact that he doesn’t actually include women in his talk of ‘citizens’ etc., the basic structure is gender-neutral. But I think this would be mistaken. This is because, as I’ve argued in more length before, the sort of collectivism that Rousseau advocates replicates the male-female dyad in the relationship of collective to individuals.
Robert Fulton (1765-1815) is most famous for inventing the first commercially successful steamship, which made commuting around our island metropolis a great deal more efficient. (the Fulton streets in Brooklyn and Manhattan are named for him, in case that's not obvious).
Your novel is targeted for contemporary romance? I'm sorry, that makes me laugh out loud at the charming idea of all the novels on my bookshelves having parties, hooking up, and generally making merry while they await their chance to be read.
Kaleidoscope Memories: Childhood Stories That Celebrate Family Life
Pepper spray cop, pepper spray cop, you are a meme!
– VA May Shift Monitoring of Sex Offenders From Troopers to Civilians
This weekend we've had Blair putting his oar in, Barosso telling the UK what they should be doing amongst others.
Moving on, In the adventure is described this statue one hand pointing at one door, the other hand pointing at the other door opposite. They had to cross the room. Ozone smell in the air. Perception check revealed thin trails of smoke coming from the wrists where the hands of the statue had been knocked off. Finally the dragonborn stepped into the room. Lightning lanced out, Acrobatics DC 15 to avoid, he fails and takes 2 damage (low I know, but this is part of a lengthy dungeon crawl as skill challenge) Finally everyone jumps through, about half taking damage.
The focus on the long-term unemployed Byrne has in his article ignores the realities of capitalism in another important way, as well. This is in terms of the problems with job creation, when the economy goes through a recession alongside the falling rate of profit endemic within capitalism and the self destructive dialectical nature of the capitalist system. In other words, as capitalism tries to adapt, we see more and more workers losing their jobs, as technology is often used to replace and downsize the workforce. In consequence, the ability for employees to reduce workers’ wages is reduced, thus to increase and maintain profit they have to increase the products costs due to the increasing capital costs. But because of the decreasing job rate, more people are unable to afford the rising product cost, therefore creating an even worse economic situation.
What left me thinking however was one scene in the play, when a buffalo falls sick and dies. The whole act by all means was underplayed. There was no drama or lot of crying involved but I observed that suddenly Ojas’s mood has kind of changed. He has quietened and was looking really sad. I asked him what happened and could see one small teardrop in the corner of his eye and with a very feeble voice he asked me “Mumma why she died”. It made me still for a moment, my heart alternating between pacing and stopping that only a mother can understand… that did my not even 4 yr old understood death? Did he realise that its something wrong? Does he know that we have to be sad when someone dies? I recomposed myself a little and told she wasn’t well and hence she died, he thought and asked me again “Why didn’t she go to a doctor, if she wasn’t feeling well?”. I tried to answer, however the act changed and the music and dance started again catching his attention and he was back to his laughing self in a minute
Going back to Romans 11:11, “Through their (Israel’s) fall salvation is come unto the Gentiles, for to provoke them to jealousy.” This, indeed, was the case. There in Jerusalem, the Jews hearing Paul were truly provoked to jealousy. They reacted accordingly, becoming violently angry. Isn’t that what happens when one becomes extremely jealous of another?
Now this week we are honoured to be sponsored by . . .
Also it turns out he had a prolapsed cord. His cord went out before him in the birth canal. So he was crimping it, making him unable to breath in there. I read online that 20% of babies which that happens to are born dead or brain dead, because of the lack of oxygen. God was definataly watching over us. And I know angels were with us that night.
of course, i'll be back later...blogging is going to be like taking smoking breaks today...as needed!
This is what you'll need:-
* People from troubled areas soon learn to joke about it and take a joke about it. It’s a defence mechanism as old as the hills. I know; I come from one.
In my family, we had a great role model for what it means to seek knowledge. Our
Bed is a bundle of paradoxes; we go to it with reluctance, yet we quit it with regret; we make up our minds every night to leave it early, but we make up our bodies every morning to keep it late.
20 ml Monin Passion fruit puree
Sing with me, just for today
And there have been unbirthday presents (not to mention birthday presents). I have a habit of being so pleased with myself when I make something presentable that I cast around for someone to give it to, so my two Pleated Pouches (the pattern is from here) rather than remaining in stock for jolly old Yuletide have found their way to new homes, the flowery one as a thank you for being a friend to Princess Bunchy, and the spotty one as a thank you for my dear Mamma.
"Wait a minute," one old bitty said. "I don't wanna see ya'all's snake. What kind of place you runnin' here? Honey, have you seen his snake before?" she said as she edged closer to the chair and nudged me slightly.
Hope you enjoyed the list.I thought I’d leave you with a synopsis of An Unexpected Bride. Enjoy.
Air NZ takes possession of ‘cuddle class’ plane
An 11-year-old reporter named Topanga Sena challenged the first lady Let’s Move! anti-obesity program. Michelle Obama was asked to respond to critics of the program who say the government has no business telling people how to eat…cont…
In a large mixing bowl, whip the butter and cream cheese together with a hand-held electric mixer. Gradually beat in the confectioners' sugar until it is all combined and smooth. Beat in the orange zest and juice. Spread over brownies.
Your objective is to place the good heroes to the saving surface, and to throw out of the screen the villain by destroying the wooden box, bombs, etc.
“Don’t you have a hat?” she asked me. “Are you going to be warm enough? I hope you don’t have far to go now.”
I always like to finish off a workout with this song. When you’re already feeling strong, you feel like you can conquer the world. It makes me feel like I can say yes to anything. So the song helps solidify that thought process and remind me that there really isn’t a lot holding me back from accomplishing my dreams.
The episode where the insanity of the season thus far is explained out a bit. Normally that would make for a week episode, but they did that well enough, while also having a heartbreaking moment as Connor is forced by Evil Cordelia to do something awful.
None of the publishing firms bid on the contract. The no-cost nature of contract would have an “anticompetitive effect,” said an industry group, the Coalition for Patent and Trademark Information Dissemination. The arrangement, said a spokesman in a letter to USPTO, would give Google “inequitable advantages in timing, branding and inside technical information” that “are clearly in violation of existing statutes, and would result in unfair competitive advantage over other resellers of patent and trademark information.”
I remember it like it was yesterday -
Commissioner
in it’s books that it was a corporate social responsibility project.
But the point of all this is to realize that even though sometimes in life we feel we are running on empty, there’s still enough in the gas tank to keep on going.
Plenty of mistakes have been made since 2010, but this has nevertheless been the best government for a generation, led by men and women for the most part of decency and goodwill. Important steps have been taken towards addressing the financial deficit, while the reforms to welfare and education are essential to the health of Britain as a nation and will soon be irreversible… It is only thanks to the skill and admirable personal forbearance of Mr Clegg and Mr Cameron that the project has lasted as long as it has.
our sins of immorality and abortion. Let us cry out
Bernadette helped Matilda turn sideways, slowly shimmied herself in front of her seat and relied to heavily on Bernadette’s good and helpful sense of obliged corporate duty as the bus driver’s impatience prompted her to prematurely let go of her momentary charges arm. Mattie dropped like lead mounted on fragile hips. “Ooops” said Bernadette with the punctuated plop of and old woman falling backward into her seat, lose skin and crackling joints between brittle bones
Remove from tray immediately and cool on a wire rack
Our household already has a useful stash of shopping bags, and are in the routine of using them, but I realized we could do with some reusable produce bags. Although we re-use them a lot of the time, I found that we were always coming home with a few more plastic produce bags every time we bought our fruit and veg. Inspired by some handmade mesh produce bags I saw on flickr, and this tutorial from Wisdom of the Moon, I hit our local second hand shops and found a sheer mesh curtain to re-purpose. One evening with my overlocker (aka serger) later I had a set of 10 mesh bags.
Fads and styles that won’t last long: cropped cardigans (or cropped anything), wedge boots, boho handbags, graphic tees.
It’s all a bit… rude. Running that offense with players I don’t even know the name of, and I live for this shit. I don’t even know where Darron Thomas prepped. I can tell what quarter it is by the Rorschach blots at Matt Barkley’s armpits because I’ve studied, and watching Oregon was new. New is unpleasant and foul and always disconcerting in college football. New usually means you’re stuck in the stands as some other team storms the field. New means we are old, and we are. And we were direct snapping to Marc Tyler half the game.
The good news is that international concerns about global imbalances may be much less pressing than many think. The bad news is that conventional balance-of-payments measures are clearly less reliable in a world of rising intra-firm trade and complex supply chains. That matters because dodgy statistics lead to policy mistakes. Governments should clean the figures up.
There is one time however that I made my dad laugh and it was so delicious that it is forever emblazoned in my mind.
We are so excited to share all the giveaways!!! Don't forget, you can visit EACH of the DT's Blogs and enter for a chance to win....each week!! Also there will be giveaways on the Crafter's Companion Information AND Challenge blogs going on as well. What does this mean for you...LOTS of opportunities to win, win!!
Anna is then put to bed by Rachel. Then she sees Alex, no longer drugged, in the doorway with a knife in her hand. Alex then falls asleep. Shortly after she wakes up and runs to Alex. Alex then explains she killed Rachel and threw her body in the trash.
As the co-founder of both MoveOn and MomsRising, I’ve had the privilege of being on the cutting edge of some profound changes in the way citizens engage in politics online and off. In 1998 it felt like we caught a tiger by the tail when MoveOn had 500,000 people sign the one sentence petition to, “Censure the President and move on to pressing issues facing the country.” In 2000, MoveOn raised over 2 million dollars in contributions for House and Senate candidates online. That was extraordinary at that time. MoveOn was part of the biggest antiwar movement in the history of the world. It still breaks my heart that the huge wave of citizen oppositions failed to stop the war in Iraq from being started. MomsRising is a new vibrant voice in the women’s movement, it already has more than a million members and works with more than 150 policy partners. Through my work with both of these organizations, I’ve come to trust the good will and common sense of average citizens more than anything.
By Sam Huntington
7. Pick Up On My Mojo (Winter) 3:15
Equity
For years.
The actual field will be somewhat stomped so the snow isn’t that thick but as Khavu is used to various amounts of snow it makes little difference to her. The temperature will be below -40 degrees Celsius so it’s COLD. Khavu is wearing thermal insulation suit, snowpants, sturdy boots and a jacket. Her gloves are not very thick to allow better mobility. In fifteen minutes the coldness would start making them numb but she calculates that it’s over well before that. She wears no headgear.
Out of shape and unprepared was how I got to the starting the line. I hadn't run since the previous Sunday when I'd participated in a relay and before then my running has been in fits and starts.
There’s a plethora of punchlines in the book that makes that minor flaw essentially disappear: “...the best beauty is mute” (“Peter Berlin”); “Will you/be the mosquito netting/draping my honeymoon bed...” (“The Slip”); “So take a course in Arts & Crafts,/buy a glue gun or sewing machine./The support staff has been promoted!/Your court gesture is now the Queen.” (“’Uh, didn’t you get the memo?’”); “My tough leather headbanger well hid the lace/only I glimpsed as she kept my straight face.” (“Running with the She-Wolf.”)
Enjoy the saffron light
Angry over this turn of events, I attempt to escape after another time jump. The Rugged Man finds out about this, and in the process of fleeing I am shot in the stomach and left to die in the yard. Which, as one may imagine, I did. Yet the dream didn’t end.
When Nadya decided she wanted to get pregnant the first time, she was not married, Ed says, so she turned to a friend to be her sperm donor. After that child was born, she decided to have another baby, then a third child and a fourth.
I just haven't felt like blogging recently. A couple of years ago it was a huge part of my life. While I still have the wonderful friends that I found through my blog, I don't share my daily goings on.
That says, "Allain" - a quick search doesn't tell me anything about the maker, other than this is probably from the 50s or 60s. But what an awesome gift!
The papers are from a paper block from the Action and I only added a ribbon and big flower, because there was already so much going on on the card in my opinion...
Talking of which: Ken Livingstone – Labour. Fucking hell. No way. Complete hypocrite, anti-semitic mental wanker. Oh a liar too. Tax dodger and newt fucker (poor things split before he even gets the jollies on!). You want a man who fucks newts up the arse to control your tube? (no doubt he’ll be very keen to see lots of anal sex for small animals and pre-pubescent children) He’s so far up the unions arse that he can see out of their collective and deluded arse.
Since I am a nerd, I did look at the portfolios though. So here are some designs that struck me as interesting. At this point, it's pretty much impossible to gauge anyone's chances, but here're some clothes that seemed cool. All pictures are from Lifetime website, disclaimer disclaimer.
She saw a black shape swinging in the air. Great last line
While LSDJ is Mazzaferri’s program of choice, he admits that its step time sequencer interface creates some challenges when it comes to incorporating the chip sounds with the rest of the band. “That interface tends to be more of a hacker interface and less of a more traditional musical interface, so I think it definitely has a big effect on the music that’s played…You can match up BPM to put things together, but doing swing, like a song that swings a little bit or has a lot of sway to it, is really easy organically, but it’s incredibly hard to match it up exactly the way you want it in Little Sound DJ.”
Basically the novel was a watered-down Catherine Millet. Sex for respectable readers, if you like. And because of it, the book sold hundreds of thousands of copies. It also spawned a whole new genre. Whose name I won't reveal here. (Just think of the nickname for knee-high boots and then insert 'books' where the word 'boots' should go.)
isn’t it nice when someone makes your day? loverbean, of the blog lemon salt, did just that when she bestowed upon me a kreativ blogger award last week. how lovely! it is especially exciting to be recognized by someone you admire (even though we’re strangers), and loverbean is ever so admirable. if you love lemons and all things citrus, you’ll love her blog. if you love baking, you’ll love her blog. and, if you love soothing, fresh photos, you’ll love her blog. many thanks for the pat on the back, loverbean!
Kind of a heady subject for a Saturday night, but I’ve been reading about new data released by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control (CDC) showing measles in the U.S. quadrupled in 2011. Recent outbreaks of pertussis, or whooping cough, in Montana, Utah, Washington, and Wisconsin show just how vulnerable the population is to these, and other infectious diseases. It’s an even bigger problem in Western Europe, with over 30,000 cases per year.
There are other reasons for self-medicating. In order to live with another addiction, it is often necessary to numb the senses. This numbing becomes an addiction in itself and the original reason is lost in a drugged haze.
As writers, we tend to be interested in everything. As freelancers, it is in your best interest to be interested in everything. You are, after all, always looking for work, and the good freelancer is the one who can turn his skills to whatever comes along. There’s an urgent sense to be whatever the latest client needs us to be. This is actually inefficient, however – it’s better to master one thing, then sell it to lots of different markets, then trying to master ten things for one market.
To make things even more difficult, we decided that we would finish the lease instead of breaking it and leaving each other in more of a financial mess. Living together while not together hasn't been the easiest and we did fall back into old habits that made us comfortable.
Bruno Senna: It has been a disappointing weekend for me on the whole. It was difficult to overtake at the beginning of the race and then Schumacher got a big DRS boost coming down the straight and went into the back of me. These weekends with lots of bad luck happen sometimes, but on the up side our car has shown excellent pace with Pastor’s win. I am really happy for him and this will give the team a big boost headed into the next race.
She began chemotherapy at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston in mid-March. After several rounds of chemo, she’s planning to have a double mastectomy followed by more chemo. Treatment is expected to last about a year.
What interests me is finding a place where we personally, in our most honest moments, feel at peace with our choices.
Julia E. Sweig – The Daily Beast, 04/24/2012
I never get sent any beer.
Yellow chair to wait more for the call through the
*Come to think of it, that's just about where this sort of thing's to be expected.
Jenny chose this iconic early-nineties novel about a group of three educated late-twenties escapees from corporate life, Andy, Dag and Claire, looking for a deeper meaning while working at 'McJobs' in California and telling each other stories that reflect their frustrations, fears and longings.
Getting into a political fight with a family member
3. Higher Transport Costs
Well, its simple really. These are 9 different lives. Its like the biographies of 9 different people. Each life is contained in its own - a separate story.
I guess I must have had the Serengeti in mind when I made my promise – great plains covered with vast herds of migrating zebras and wildebeest – 1.5 million animals on the hoof… (Oh I am such a city slicker!).
“Without goals, and plans to reach them, you are like a ship that has set sail with no destination.” Fitzhugh Dodson
The first is the Agatha Christie Reading Challenge. I've been thinking about it for a year, as I follow my friend Kerrie's reading of Christie novels. I figure it will take me years to read all of Christie's novels, but I have to start somewhere, right? You can join the challenge, too, at Kerrie's site.
And now it is Claudia Rankine:
Then, Nancy responded in a way to show her expertise, or her lack of expertise, by saying, “I am telling you Paul, – I do not see how it is going to jeopardize the investigation to tell ME who put her down. Then Nancy went into how she and her husband put the twins down – like the way they do it is how everyone else in America should put kids down. She said something like they both start putting them down and then he goes in another direction.
P.S.: If I can give some simple advice - definitely have it on a full stomach!
NOTE: I received this book for free from Master Books in return for a review and was under no obligation to provide a favorable review.
Things were so much easier in Wordsworth's day - he didn't have up to date news from Paris. Things were so much simpler.
I have so many pictures saved on my computer of crochet work I want to try. Man, the amount of patterns and books I buy are seriously ridiculous, too.
This presents problems for naïve people who are not familiar with Islam and the Koran. They don’t know that the surahs/chapters of the Koran are not arranged in chorological order in regard to the timing in which they were written. Therefore, an activist who is out to deceive them can turn to various places throughout the Koran and read verses that sound peaceful, tolerant, reasonable and loving. The impression is that the entire Koran promotes peace, love, equality and tolerance for all. That is far from the truth. Most muslims fully understand that the few Koranic verses that seemingly promote equality, peace and justice are more often than not overridden/nullified by later verses that validate such things as terrorism and legalistic restrictions on routine human and women’s rights.
PT: You’ve described that one of the benefits of executive coaching is being able to see ourselves as others may see us – why is this important for success?
Last day of March, and I’ve missed Christmas and New Year’s in this blog too.. I know.
Yummeh!
which allows y to be defined as a function of x, or x as a function of y. There are really only two use cases requiring consideration, directrix parallel to the y-axis and directrix parallel to the x-axis. In one case, horizontal mouse movement is used to position the Marker. Vertical mouse movements control the Marker in the other case.
The drive across the Vercors plateau, alongside the communes of Lans-en-Vercors and Villard-de-Lans, takes no more than 20 minutes. These delightful communes are often designated as "blue/green" by tourist people, because they attract all kinds of snow enthusiasts in the winter season, before becoming a paradise for hikers during the warm months, when the skies of the Vercors are often studded with colorful parachutes.
Below are my top 5 not-widely-known-album recommendations, all of which are guaranteed home runs, some of which your music-loving friends and family may not already have.
"Hippity Hoppity" Easters on it's way Blog Hop!
Called us to dinner, indulged ourselves, lemon moraine pie and fried chicken and chicken fried steak, sorrow and heartburn was much the same thing, while beans and franks was more like it; showed we was common folk when we chose beans and franks over chicken and chicken fried steak.
He said to them, “These are my words that I spoke to you while I was still with you, that everything written about me in the law of Moses and in the prophets and psalms must be fulfilled.”
Because people they think must somehow know more than them have elevated it.
Ah, to be 8 again.....
Pavarti K Tyler is an artist, wife, mother and number cruncher. She graduated Smith College in 1999 with a degree in Theatre. After graduation, she moved to New York, where she worked as a Dramaturge, Assistant Director and Production Manager on productions both on and off Broadway.
We love each other again : )
Car Problems? Check.
Remove the potatoes from the steamer. I just take the basket, lift it, and set it in a clean sink for a minute or two. They will be rather flaky at this point, not waterlogged. Then I remove the potatoes from the steamer and put them through a potato ricer
This is a state of emergency.
I need to go and sit-about
Good luck to us all! ;-)
I must say it turned out beautifully and just how I was hoping it would. The chandelier from IKEA also made a big difference. The plastic light that was in there before was just hideous. It reminded me of something you see in Furrs Cafeteria and hospitals. Gross! Who would want to get dressed in a room like that?
“Damsels” tells yet another tale of the America rich and quasi-intellectual. We are at Seven Oaks University, where the fraternities have Latin names (I smiled at that for a nanosecond) and the boys are beastly.
And I'm very sorry but I have to add one more... LINDT - dark chocolate - mostly because I have just discovered "A touch of sea salt". Finally, I have met the chocolate of my dreams, the chocolate I want to marry. Thank you, LINDT!
How do you score? What do you think of this quiz?
Place in the fridge for about 1 hour
Addle Quest: Galactrix
my hand in yours
Tuesday, May 8, 2012, 7:00 p.m. - 8:30 p.m.
A rabble-rousing right-wing talk show host has been stirring up trouble. No, not that one: don't be so US-centric. I'm talking about Egypt's Tawfiq Okasha, who seems to have provoked today's clashes between pro-SCAF and anti-SCAF protesters outside the US Embassy in Cairo. Okasha, who as publicly supported the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces and denounced the release of the detained US and other foreign NGO workers, urged protests against the US Embassy and support for SCAF. (Yes, SCAF gets $1.3 billion from the US annually. Yes, there's no way the NGO workers could have left Egypt without SCAF signing off on it, but since no one has publicly admitted to lifting the travel ban, it must have been a plot. Don't try to be too analytical here: it will give you headaches.) Anyway, a pro-SCAF, anti=American protest assembles outside the Embassy, demanding the "deportation" of the US Ambassador (to Israel, since Israel had to enter in somewhere here).
6. The Weapons of Mass Destruction Room (which no one has been able to find).
When you take risks and go out on a limb, there is always a chance of loss; that’s why it’s a risk. But the potential return on that risk can be priceless, giving you insights and victories that you would not have earned any other way. Such is also the power of destruction. For all of its wrath, it is also a necessary part of creation. It is a clarifying fire, that burns away all you thought you needed and held dear and leaves you holding onto only the essential; for where else does the phoenix rise but from the ashes? Theatre under fire may not hold the assurances that a built-in source of support and pre-determined level of success does, but it sure does feel more alive, more dangerous and worth every moment of it.
For theHyderabadleg too we would like to invite you to come forward and be a part of the cycling revolution brewing inIndia. To be a part of India Cyclothon –Hyderabad 2010, get in touch with us at indiacyclothon@gmail.com
Uh, Ms. Bennet, perhaps you've heard of a little thing called Women's Suffrage? Yeah, well, according to none other than Susan B. Anthony,
UPDATE: The Sheriff's Department indicated that the suspect in custody is identified as Lester Triplett of Louisville. Triplett has provided a statement to investigators.
The blue graph is the scientific study produced under rigorous conditions by KiGGS. It included vaccinated and unvaccinated children. The graph is their summary. The comparison results, and differentiation between vax and nonvax kids, are deciphered at that site I linked in ponderous, statistical detail.
Title: The Descendants
I have also been editing new images for the catalogue and for a web based company called Dalani (Dalani.co.uk). W&A products are on sale with them on until the 1st May in the UK, Norway, Sweden, Finland and Poland. I really like the text they have given to go with each product- it's nice to see what other people come up with when they are describing W&A products. I should have lots of sewing and printing to keep me very occupied very soon!
Such a long road
You could have learned all of that by reading Obama’s two books, by reading his extensive profiles in newspapers and magazines, by watching his well-known speeches and campaign appearances. Lou, you’re a bright guy, a successful guy who should be reading newspapers and gathering information about how to vote.
que rápido se nos alienta el corazón,
To get downtown, I have to walk over a bridge, adjacent to a lane of often busy traffic. As any woman who lives here will tell you, this bridge is an epicenter for cat calls, whistling, and shouted comments from male motorists. You get used to it. You start to expect it; you even develop an ability to predict which vehicles are most likely to contain men who will harass you.
NAB booth #C4345
I don’t remember what I said to the girl whose husband went down on the other girl, but I KNOW that I tried to soften it. What I wanted to say was, “This is the beginning of the end. You’re about to get divorced. And you should file the papers, immediately. I’m sorry, but if you’re a woman and you’re with a man (or a woman for that matter) and he doesn’t want to please you then he doesn’t want to be with you.” I believed that then and I believe that now. A few years later, those two got a divorce. Welp, no surprise there.
158. “The tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so long to begin it.” – W.M. Lewis
INTRODUCTION OF DRILL SERGEANT: Drills and a game of 'Drill Sergeant Says'
What did you guys think of this episode? Give me your Two Cents!
Many people buy in. Joe Maddon's cousin, Elaine Curry, and her husband Bob lead the effort try to make his vision real. They search for a good place to build the community center. They look for opportunities to help people understand each other. Bob Curry says there has been amazing response to their efforts, that people are rallying behind the effort. Together they holds a fundraiser dinner that is one of the biggest events of the year -- Maddon, obviously, has a lot of pull in the baseball world. He brings Yogi Berra and Don Zimmer to town for the dinner. There are numerous cool sports items for a silent auction. About 450 tickets go on sale and sell out almost instantly. Curry says if they had 1,000 tickets, those would have sold too.
Nature's first green is gold
Dragons also have hoards of money and jewels, again an attractive characteristic which any modern urbanite would love to imitate.
If you are running a race regardless the amount of participants, keep in mind to run your race, run your pace. It’s very easy to start off too fast and get caught up in the adrenaline rush. If you start off a long distance run too fast, you are going to have a long struggle the rest of the distance. Start your race off at your pace or slower!! You can always speed up! It’s a long race, save your energy for the FINISH LINE.
- 71% describe sexting as a serious problem.
The trials were unusual for England at that time in two respects: the official publication of the proceedings by the clerk to the court, Thomas Potts, in his The Wonderfull Discoverie of Witches in the Countie of Lancaster, and in the number of witches hanged together: ten at Lancaster and one at York. It has been estimated that all of the English witch trials between the early 15th and early 18th centuries resulted in fewer than
Because he is married, Msgr. Steenson cannot be ordained a bishop, and so he will have to ask bishops of the Catholic Church to ordain men for the ordinariate.
A friend asked me today about the best and thriftiest place to buy frames to display artwork. She wanted to frame some of her Kindergartner's artwork and the first thing I thought of was Michael's. More specifically they sell a wedding signature frame that I think would be perfect for this. I'm sure you've seen these at weddings, where you sign the matte instead of a guest book.
Remove from oven, reduce heat to 275 degrees.
Richie’s words rang through his head. The sun will fall into the Earth.
Another salad. I cannot have enough of them, especially now that it's so hot outside. And every monday I say to myself "from today on I will be on a diet", and I need to eat lots of salads with vitamins, minerals and fibres!
to hang their music
No thanks.
“Love is when you have a place for someone in your heart.”
Denise: Nope. I’m of the mindset that everything happens for a reason and if it didn’t happen then I wouldn’t be the person I am today.
“And rust is called ‘oxidation’ and ‘bad for cars’,” replied Tybalt.
The scream I let loose was exceeded in volume only by the gradually nearing sirens.
When I get them back I'll post before and after photos. If the guy does a good job, I'll post a big scaling happy review of his business.
Why? I thought that I lucked out when I got a Motorola Cliq XT Android phone for free. I mean "wow". My little Blackberry was still holding on and I was going to wait until early next year to do an upgrade. Yet, I was envying my Android and iPhone carrying friends to some degree.
YES Brick or wall surface cleaning, including power-washing
He unlocked the main door and stepped inside the cool house. Just as he reached the lobby Sameer spotted the daughter in law of the house cutting veggies.
I won’t let go of your hand forever
Padungtod C, Savitz DA, Overstreet JW, Christiani DC, Ryan LM, Xu X. Occupational pesticide exposure and semen quality among Chinese workers. J Occup Environ Med 2000; 42: 982-992.
Again…
However, our friend found a variety that is not prone to mildew so he planted that instead.
Look around!?!
Vaudeville encyclopediast Anthony Slide calls them “one of the greatest sister acts on the vaudeville stage”. Though they were known and loved for their wholesomeness, reportedly Rosetta (1896-1959) was an alcoholic lesbian and Vivian (1899-1986) was married to a closet gay who wanted to involve her in three-ways. They are best known for their Topsy and Eva act, from Harriet Beecher Stowe’s 1852 anti-slavery novel Uncle Tom’s Cabin, which they milked for years past the point it was considered polite to appear in blackface.
Hamilton, New Zealand
I would like to blame lack of oxygen, but I might be this scatterbrained all the time.
I was hovering close to the edge, but I was pulled over. Thank God for that.
I thought for all the world it would. But the rest of the evening, all night, and into the next morning, there was only the wind -- the past.
IBU 41
Melt the white chocolate the same way as you melted the mint chips above. Then roll the remaining truffles in the melted white chocolate.
Negative: Defiance, aggression, visual impact, strain.
A vast catch.
Conversing with friends about this,
Swing Out Sister
Some troops spend most of their time hiding from the enemy, using terrain to their advantage to strike at the right moment. They know the lays of the battlefield and move fast where they are needed.
Minis:
Thirty-six hours later I was out of the hospital. One day later I was back to editing.
I exhaled while yelling in the phone, “BUT I HAVEN’T BOILED THE EGGS YET!”
“Except my really bad dating life.”
Or at least, it had something to teach me. Look, I know lots of people reading this essay think marriage is oppressive patriarchal bullshit; others might think marriage is heterosexually sacred. I’m not actually trying to convince you of anything. Instead I’m trying to describe why the struggle for same-sex marriage has been meaningful for me and for so many people in my community. The changes go much deeper than marriage: Remember how I had assumed that Jessica was the nanny? Despite being as gay-friendly as straight people come, I still had a picture in my mind of a mother and a father. That picture is gone, friends, and it’s not coming back. This isn’t just happening in San Francisco. It’s happening all over the country.
That story began with a battalion surrounded by the enemy in one of Vietnam’s fiercest battles. The survivors remember the desperate fear of almost certain death. They remember gunfire that one witness described as the most intense he had ever seen, and they remember the sight of an unarmed helicopter coming to their aid. The man with the controls flew through the gunfire not once, not 10 times, but at least 21 times. That single helicopter brought the water, ammunition and supplies that saved many lives on the ground, and the same pilot flew more than 70 wounded soldiers to safety.
The deal being negotiated with China is to return gold that was stolen from China during WW2 in exchange for having all US debts written off. That is a better deal than the 300 years of debt slavery the banksters are offering.
And then I took my cart with my sweet precious innocent little children sitting in the front and got as far away from the photo department as possible.
He has known us and had a plan for us, even before we were conceived. The very length of our lives have been known to Him, long before being fully lived.
6. Planet Queen- A great song featuring the classic T.Rex soulful chorus! The verses play on Hamlet’s famous soliloquy “to be or not to be” and Bolan’s reference to Shakespeare is very sweet and proves he was more than just a show boy.
We urge you to vote in the primary election on May 13. Vote “In Favor of” the general obligation bond that will fund our new Burley Public Library.
Homemade lasagna sheets from scratch!
He continues with the esoteric instructions, until everyone is absorbed.
In 2007 HSUS staffer John “J.P.” Goodwin (a man with a long arrest record) traveled to Dane County, Wisconsin to testify in an animal-fighting case. Only one small hitch: The judge wouldn’t let him testify.
“We were very surprised,” said Juan Escobar. “The power you could get from just peeling tape was enormous.” “If you’re going to peel tape in a vacuum, you should be extra careful,” he said. But “I will continue to use Scotch tape during my daily life, and I think it’s safe to do it in your office. No guarantees.” (link)
11. i can eat a whole bag of chips by myself!! regular lay's please!
On a really odd note, I didn't know much about Shtalenkov, and when looking him up online just now I've learned that he apparently disappeared this past Sunday. Seems like some pretty odd circumstances there...
I laid there and held her while she talked.
Despite my seemingly nonchalant viewpoint on this issue, I do feel that way too much prominence has been given to the names of people, when there are so many names that could have been chosen from the natural world such as, animals, flowers or trees (eg. Jacaranda Street) but noooo in this country everything revolves around “WE” - the ANC and their idols, no matter what the cost!”
This was the beginning of Israel’s downfall. Even crucifying the Lord of glory did not cause their downfall. We see this by reading Matthew 12:32.
Crackle accents,
If this sounds confusing and inefficient, you're following. It IS confusing and inefficient.
Bit depth : 16 bits
Pelecanos isn’t just writing a mystery either. He’s writing about D.C., albeit a different D.C. than you see when you go for the tour or when you watch “The West Wing.” I’m not as familiar with this part of the city, so I was happy that I was reading it on the iPad, so I could keep switching between the Kindle app and the Google Maps StreetView app to look at the locations he was describing. It was great fun to eyeball the very real and accurately described places and settings featured in the book. I can’t wait to check out some of the bars Spero visits.
Save time and nail polish. Create a new look on top of the look you already have. For example, I created a leopard-y look. :) I am NO PROFESSIONAL, but I cant help but want to have fun with nail polish.
Here is what I have found.
After a flight over that unbounded wilderness, sleepy Cedar Key looks to the relieved pilot like a metropolitan oasis. Flying at pattern altitude over Dock Street on the south end of town alerts Judy Mason, Cedar Key’s lone taxi driver, to the arrival of a fare; incoming pilots can also hail her on the published unicom frequency. You approach the airport’s paved 2,355-foot runway (lighted from dusk to dawn — beware the black-hole approach over water) from either the northeast or southwest and tie down on a small ramp on the south end of the taxiway. (Bringing your own tiedown ropes isn’t a bad idea.) Try to remember to fly the airplane while you’re enjoying the view — saltwater submersion negatively impacts most airframes (even rentals).
Having finally gotten some sleep, I'm feeling a little more coherent than I have been. It also helps, to be honest, that I have absolutely no obligations tomorrow, other than a few tasks for work, some of which I will complete tonight. I'm hoping to spend the day doing boring things, like laundry. I guess you might say I've had enough adventure to last me a while.
2008 Rutherford Cab – Above average cab, oak, blackberry, dark plum, black cherry, chocolate and tobacco leaf, long finish. Excellent expression of BV.
A neurosurgeon shares his near-death experience. Featuring also Dr. Bruce Greyson, a psychiatrist and longtime NDE researcher.
Pinterest for me is another one that while it’s getting loads of amazing stats pumped out about it seems to me to have fallen slightly dormant! I haven’t followed millions of pinners but certainly at the start more people pinned!
Freq. Flyer Crackhead pt: Whatever, doctor, this is BULLSHIT. I know you do cocaine, too, I CAN TELL, just by lookin' at you!
What if he chews up every single toy the kids own. (Oh wait, I already have a little rat dog to worry about doing that.)
‘I- s—beau- l—is- t?’ Petro yelled over the wind from above.
The heretic did stand.
Yet another beguiling title - where do they come?
I've been eating mostly grain-free the last month or two. Ever since I had the lung damage I have found I feel better the less grain I eat. I used to eat A LOT of grain, and have drastically reduced that (and what I did eat was almost always prepared according to the Weston A Price guidelines) but decided it was time to cut it out all together. I've eaten a sandwich or two when out during that time, but not eating any grain in an average day or week. At first it was challenging (what do I take for lunch if I can't make a sandwich? what do I have for a snack?) but after a little time went by it became much simpler and I very quickly quit wishing I could have some. I've found that not only do I feel healthier but I feel way less hungry and almost never need a snack and I absolutely never crave sugar anymore. If I have to wait a little too long between meals due to work or etc. I don't start feeling bad like I used to sometimes. Also I didn't used to eat a lot of sugar since I was ill, but I would still crave it and now I never do. My body is happier. I'm still eating potatoes frequently and other starchy vegetables so it isn't really low-carb nutrition (like GAPS or Paleo or some of the other interesting nutritional systems I have leaned about and borrowed recipes and ideas from in just the last couple months), just no grain.
12 reached
I know a lot of people who read this blog are DIYers and if you need to update your porch these are gorgeous (take a second to look at the page because there is a picture of them being used! This artist also boasts free shipping (which is awesome!) and can cut as many of these as you need. If you're updating your home or want to add some interest to your porch these are definitely the way to go. This artist has more styles too!
And then the rehabilitation process set in. I spent another week at the Neuro, being well taken care of by the nurses and having access to my Neurosurgeon on a daily basis, as it was crucial to have the implants calibrated. They then called a code purple, which at the MNH, means that they’re at 200% capacity and to empty as many beds as possible. I wasn’t quite ready to go, but I knew enough to know that staying in a “non-ambulatory ward” was more detrimental to me than rehab at home. This meant I couldn’t even transfer from my chair on my own. There is a simple truth when it comes to MS – you don’t use it, you lose it, and here I was for 2 weeks, not even able to shower on my own.
It's ok, you'll get there. These things take time. As they say, Rome wasn't built in a day.
Holding up one finger, Aurelius said, “This time around, you will keep that mosaic monstrosity out of the balcony.”
- If you "like" my facebook page you will get 1 extra entry.
The Tryst Retro Brunch is only available on Sundays from 11AM to 2:30PM, and reservations are recommended so please call 781-641-2227.
Dear Margaret Anne,
Get ready to become a great Detective! Use the techniques and principles of a great sleuth, interview and investigate. There are lots of great deals out there that are waiting for you to reap the rewards, don’t get taken in by a scam.
Waves caress coral
Tonight’s dinner offering, was something I heard one of the ladies mention at group the other day.
To create this card, I first re-sized and printed out Pretty Blossoms Printable flower onto watercolor paper through the rear tray my printer (used economy print to minimize ink smearing). Once dry, I colored it in with watercolor pencils and a DIY glimmer mist (perfect pearls + water mix). For the background panel, I applied distress inks, Wild Honey and Spiced Marmalade, onto white cardstock with a blending tool. Then stamped Flower Dot Pattern in Wild Honey and distressed edges with Walnut Stain and edge scraper tool. Next, I cut a strip of Walnut Cream Bazzill cardstock and stamped sentiment. Then, I added paper pierced borders and distressed it with Old Paper and Walnut Stain. Lastly, I adhered everything together to finish the card.
Rev. Nathan Nettleton is an ordained minister with the Baptist Union of Victoria and has been pastor to the congregation in South Yarra since 1994. He has been engaged in dialogue on the place of homosexual people in the churches since his involvement on the Baptist Union’s 1997 Taskforce on the topic. He lives in Melbourne with his wife and their 13 year old daughter and two dogs.
GPs 212
One Day is a fine example of both my fear of poor accents and my disappointment in a good novel’s bad adaptation. Anne Hathaway’s accent was all over the place; there were times when she sounded as proper as the queen and then she suddenly slipped in to match the verbal stylings of drunk extras on Coronation street. Dear god woman. My hat off to Renée Zellwegger for getting Bridget Jones so startlingly right.
Pesach as always been an emotional time of year for me, but this year it went to a whole new level. This year, I knew that when we said “L’shana haba b’Yerushalyim” it meant something tangible. Next year, I will (iy’h) be in Jerusalem.
– Southern Conference tournament semifinal appearances since 1985: 1
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss together the tomatoes, 1/4 cup olive oil, salt, and pepper. Spread the tomatoes in 1 layer on a baking sheet and roast for 45 minutes.
Follow Me (sew_N_time) on Twitter (2 entries)
we listen to poets
I despise how much imporatnce & pressure
Its my first time here and it is pretty… but it’s not the weather you would have at the Florida or Alabama beaches. I guess I am further north. I just had no idea how COLD it would be. What good is a beach hotel when the high is 62 degrees!!!
Sierra Nevada Bigfoot
the alleys right behind the square
me, is more fundamental and therefore congruent with the so-called
"Very little is perfect the first time..."
3) Combine flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a separate bowl.
"please"
Friday was Fish Stick day. Usually, that’s an easy day. Just toss them in the oven, and anyone who can’t have fish can have chicken patties. And it would have been… if there had been 20 cases of Fish Sticks instead of the 10 that were in the freezer.
How to remove Satan’s influence from your relationships
I was a little surprised that the second option got so little support, as I might have thought there were a lot of people who were mostly pub drinkers but also liked sampling the more exotic beers at home. Obviously the poll does not go into people’s motivation, but it is noticeable that the biggest single category was those who did all, or virtually all, their drinking at home. I would once have said “mostly in the pub” but am now more “half and half”.
Maybe just as well, as the place is one of the tiniest around- only helped by a beer garden that is almost double the size of the interior.
Somewhere on the highway between Illinois (silent ‘s’) and Oklahoma, yours truly began developing a headache. These events are rare enough for me that at the first available pee break, I dug through the dense cargo hold of the Blazer and located some Motrin. All was well for the next few hundred miles. The girls were being teenage females, and after the entirety of the trip thus far, boredom reigned supreme in the back seat. Arguments over the CD player, the CD’s, the pens, the paper, and which line of stitches in the seat marked territory blended into a dull roar. Di and I were numb to this and just rode in sullen, boiling silence. The knot at the base of my melon seemed to be subsiding, and Di offered to drive to let me attempt a recuperative nap.
Hope you enjoyed this find.
I wanted a fun activity for the end of the week and I really LOVE using visual arts to teach maths and to satisfy the curriculum outcomes. I was thinking of doing a guided drawing lesson using a character from a picture book, like the lesson I posted about here, but after some convincing from my own girls, we went with an Angry Birds theme!
James Wesley, Rawles
And I intend to be courageous with a fiery passion, as passion is what I do best."
Within my twining
“She was so upset that she resorted to this desperate act,” he told a press conference today after their plight came to light following the incident.
Clergy ‘moving beyond Jesus’
This is possibly the most pathetic thing I’ve ever written in my life, but it’s the cry of my heart. I want to be loved.
What has complicated it even more is that some people have used contentment to justify lazy, unproductive lives. These people pursue a life of least responsibility as the hallmark of spirituality….and in the process live very selfishly…turning their heads on the need to do something and contribute something to the world that we’ve been called to serve others and transform our world. Remember, we are to “occupy until He returns…” We are the “light of the world and the salt of the earth,” according to Jesus and will give an account for our level of faithfulness and obedience in carrying out His mandate of winning souls, making disciples and advancing the cause of the Kingdom in our generation.
Usually, though, it's more along the lines of an Entourage or that short-lived TV show with Jay Mohr: a genial self-roasting (which is to say, self-tribute) that takes those dim-bulb actors and barbed-wire power agents into a headlock merely to give 'em a noogie and set 'em loose. Your average film-world power player is far too in love with the line of supplicants he has to step over just to cross the studio lot — daily ego balm for a nerdy schmuck who's likely spent half his life thoroughly ignored. Hand him the satirical blade behind yet another "exposé" of the princess that changed him from a lowly frog and gave him that cushy corner office, and he won't do much more than administer paper cuts.
Additional Skills/Competencies:
Her gown a messenger of evening clouds,
“Arman’s Journey” witten by Philip Prowse. Published from CAMBRIDGE. My wpm was 204.
This time, only the eyes of her young Indian woman manifestation appeared, very distinctly, but suspended over the black velvet of the room. Her alluring eyes drifted slowly downwards toward the floor, and then morphed into the eyes of a jaguar. As they descended, they slowly disappeared.
1 cup chopped provolone cheese
sequins as texture/color, and also the first piece I
But who doesn’t like Sean Connery?
So how could a year of kindness (essentially consciously trying to make someone else happy each and every day) actually be good for a chronic yes-person? Because for me it meant that giving is no longer an obligation, it is a choice. A choice that I make over again each day. I decide to look out for opportunities to be kind, and then if I am sure it will be no skin off my nose, and that I expect nothing from the recipient, I take the opportunity. If it feels like an obligation or a chore, I simply don’t do it. If I have a day when I feel so overstretched that I don’t have anything left to give, I decide to take it easy and be kind to myself instead.
7am: You’re Darn Tootin’
I have a dentist appointment tomorrow and I am dreading it. I haven’t been to the dentist in a few years and I already know there is much going on with my teeth, it has been for years and years. I have always had issues from when I was a child, it got worse after having my dear son and I’ve never been able to get it all taken care of.
This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.
The quilt top pieces were laid out in a random pattern based mainly on what appealed to me.
Because companies can no longer solely control their brand image or marketing efforts through the traditional “push” channels of broadcast media, direct mail, advertising, or public relations (to name a few), in order to be successful the focus is going to have to shift to managing and servicing customer wants and needs, employee and stakeholder satisfaction, and inbound marketing methods.
But what’s a good age? 60?
Olson goes on to say:
Wrong. Back to the report:
We sat amongst the ladders and patches of experimental paint colors, eating rib eyes grilled on the Wolf, in front of the fire and toasted to our crazy, three-house life, and the ensuing adventures with La Bête.
While today, he knew I needed the pain.
Her mother turns to me and smiles.
Though either way, I noticed I’m not much into otome gaming lately even if my miyako FD(I love the ED xD) and Atelier Elkrone came, I barely passed the prologue in atelier then moved on to miyako… finishing ichigou, genshin, seimei and nigou’s and I could barely give a crap on it—not to mention that I haven’t played my most faves, Izumi and Raikou; I liked Douman but I don’t know why I can’t bring the bloody crap to get over his route.
This is also one of the main reasons, no doubt, for the great increase in Negro tenant farmers, especially that of share tenants. The latter class increased about thirty-six per cent between 1900 and 1910. Many of these seldom work a full day at a time. As they usually put off cultivating a crop to the last moment, if a wet season happens to set in, it is soon greatly damaged by a growth of grass. As a tenant farmer, the Negro realizes that he is more independent, his time is his own, and that he can usually work when he pleases. A great part of his time is given to various Negro recreations, such as visiting, riding and driving, crap-shooting, preaching, attending revivals, and camp-meetings. (W.H. Collins, 1918)
But he described states and districts as still largely in an “R and D,” or research and development, stage of figuring out the best materials and instructional strategies to use.
Hi everyone, I just want to thank everyone for all the wonderful and inspiring comments from my Anniversary and Blogaversary! I appreciated each and everyone of them.
Iain Hamish Murray was born (of Scottish parents) in Lancashire, England, April 19, 1931, and educated at King William’s College, Isle of Man, and the University of Durham. Prior to university he held a commission in the Cameronians (Scottish Rifles) who were then engaged in the suppression of an insurgency in the jungles of Malaya. Converted to Christ at the age of seventeen, after upbringing in a larger liberal denomination (the English Presbyterian Church), he became assistant minister at St John’s, Summertown, Oxford in 1955, where the Banner of Truth magazine began. The influence of this magazine (edited by him until 1987) was to be greatly enlarged when, with Jack Cullum, he founded the Banner of Truth Trust in 1957. Initially intended to supply out-of-print Reformed and Puritan authors for Britain, the Trust’s publications were soon selling in forty countries, with an office established at Carlisle in the United States in the late 1960s.
Quote 2
- Seniors will suffer as Obamacare robs savings from Medicare in order to fund new government spending while threatening seniors’ access to care and ending Medicare as we know it.
God’s love for us is the greatest of all the gifts which He has given. Our very lives are products of God’s love. If God did not love we would not exist. If God did not love all the pleasures we enjoy in life would never have been woven into the world. It is God’s love that is behind every gift and blessing that we have ever enjoyed.
Drawing more than 10,000 viewers annually, the free festival attracts people from all walks of life with the promise of live acoustic music performed on five stages. Other activities include a song writing contest, and workshops ranging in topics from native flute making to Hootenanny.
Let's look at Pier 1. That store just kills me. First of all, we do not have the same selection as the U.S. stores, and secondly, I would never shop at the one in Canada because of the prices.
9. Do not be in a hurry. Rube Goldbergs can take a lot of time, depending on how much the kids bring to it. Don’t rush the process.
It was super yummy. In fact I liked it so much I made the next day for dinner too :) I am in love with my new baking dishes!
Yet as is often the case, I was proven completely wrong: both flights and every night save one were surprisingly uneventful, even pleasant. I was able to imbibe and read much more than I had thought possible (in other words, more than none). I finished two books over the eight days in Paris: Tony Judt’s The Memory Chalet and Scott Fitzgerald’s On Booze. Reading these books – especially while traveling with my family – provoked a bit of introspection into my own life since first visiting Paris in 2002.
Yes a matter of weeks and yes I looked and people will look and read all this other personal stuff too, its human nature, its wrong but it happens.
"Maybe I can help you. What did you want to buy?"
‘Streets Ô Ramallah’ melds field recordings taken in Ramallah during a rally and the fuzzing beat of kalash and machine gun fire, with a swaying melody played by SC MoCha on the oud. The rally was celebrating the victory of the Fatah party over Hamas at the student elections at Birzeit university in 2005 and the gunshots were celebratory.
So yeah, with all of these distractions I haven't been a very good food blogger lately. I promise to work on that. But in the meantime, I have TWO giveaways coming up this month! TWO! Stay tuned for the details and I might even try to cook something to share with ya'll in the meantime.
Gene Estes - Drums
Solar oven demonstration
Staff at Research Center for Prediction of Earthquakes & Volcanic Eruptions, Graduate School of Science, Tohoku University are strongly advised to focus on probability of the next major earthquake in China.
I look at my life
I bucked this one...decided I wouldn't use it a a technique or trend. But I gave in! It was so easy to create. I simply used my square punch and then cut each square in half...base of triangle to base of triangle and you have your zig zag. It was fun...
“But I shall Change This…”
... using authenticity to distinguish between pop and rock is no longer valid, though it continues to serve an important ideological function, helping differentiate particular forms of musical cultural capital. (Shuker 1994, p. 8)
The transition from having my own office (it was the size of a closet, but it still qualified as an office) to sitting at the front desk, being given simple tasks was weird. But what really got trampled on was my ego. I wasn’t prepared for the insensitive and demeaning attitudes of the other workers. At this point, it’s starting to get to me.
“Look here, Minnie, you don’t know anything about it. Let me tell you about last week.”
Here's to many more beers like this we can share with you, because when you drink them you are a part of the story too!
Check the link above for basic and succinct differences between the Republican and the Democratic parties. YES! It is the civic duty of Americans of all faiths and no faith to be informed and know what the party and the person represents!
b. the other world, far from taking account of our desires which would find no fulfillment in it, could be among the mass of things that make this world possible for us: to get to know it might be a means of making us contented;
Crush (as much as possible) the cucumber and sugar in glass. (Add a little mint if you like!)
The use of a second and different router was necessary due to intricate settings for the VOIP known as Teamspeak. Recently, a power surge destroyed a very solid server that has been the home of this great communications platform. After much girlyman crying and whining the service has returned. It was all good then the router started to slowly die. At the end I was restarting it every 10 minutes or so. This is a 24/7 service and is physically hosted in our computer lab by the new and improved server. Restarting a router every few minutes is not an option.
and rained.
I was about to write that I thought it is possibly the most beautiful thing ever, but Scooter just meowed a protest. What a psychic (as well as psycho) cat he is.
2. Agave wheat buns and sweet potato chipotle burgers in a tie
Frank read from his latest novel ‘Chitty Chitty Bang Bang Flies Again’ and told how the roots of the story grew from real life.
Dad gives her a Latin dictionary for her birthday as her young suitor Graham does, too—which shows him as young and awkward compared to the suave and confident David. David's charm and greater sophistication are pointed up as he brings a pile of presents. David appears to be understanding and sympathetic and gets around her “simple” parents. The evil as part of Jewishness is given absolute emphasis at 105 minutes when they go to meet Rachman at the races: ”He is not the sort of person who has an office.” Rachman is eponymous and his name is a by-word for corrupt landlords. This knowledge reinforces the negativity of Jewishness in the film. The derogatory term “Rachmanism” came from him as did new laws that were passed to protect people. One scam as mentioned above was moving Black immigrant families in or prostitutes to drive elderly sitting tenants who were protected by law out. These elderly ladies are referred to a “Stats” in the film.
Much movement is afoot to bring all that we are talking about to fruition. Despite its outer calm demeanor, the dark is in total panic over what it sees inexorably marching toward it. The Heavens have opened and a grand force, much greater than anything previously known to these dark ones, has set its lucid sights upon them. It will not be long before their grandiose visions of a never-ending empire are thrust with much glee into the proverbial dustbin of history. Our galactic and spiritual families come not only to introduce us to a new, wondrous consciousness, but also to invest us with membership in the grand union of the Light. This operation is in its last stages. We await the utter joy that will overcome us as we welcome our family and celebrate your new status as fully conscious Beings.
The gardens range across Noe Valley, from 23rd Street to 30th, Hoffman to Dolores. Six are owner designed and maintained and three are professional gardens by Janet Moyer Landscaping, Michele Schaal and Shape of the Earth. Most are well established but one is brand new, showing you how to be realistic about where your new garden will start as well as what it can become. As in past years, profits go to beautifying Noe Valley. This year funds will be directed to improving the garden at Alvarado School and trimming the trees at Upper Douglass Dog Park. Past Garden Tour fundraising brought street trees and flower baskets to 24th St.
“There’s still time to take this bill down. Read, learn, and then let your Congress-Critters know that, once again, We The Internet will not stand for these assaults on our rights.” Read more..
Well friends, I'm 24! Still feel the same... not exactly revolutionary or anything, right? That's okay... this year is going to be a good one. I can feel it in my bones. The actual thought of "being 24" is kind of strange... it seems like such an awkward age. Also, maybe I really like these posts because it helps buy me a few hours while I scramble to finish my "24 before 25" goal list! haha Does procrastination go away with age?! Here's to being 24! (Published at 3:50am... when I "technically" turn another year older!) xo
Dangle forbidden fruit & I am bound to take a bite. Well, Parker, I can keep a secret if you can. But the thrill, the rush of sneaking around was short-lived. Parker started memorizing my school schedule & would conveniently pop outside of my classrooms smoking a cigarette. At first it was a cute coincidence, but it became unattractive pretty quickly. As I said before, the difference between creepy & cute is how mutual the attraction is. And taboo or not, I was not digging Professor Parker.
I agree with the opinion prepared by Mr. Justice Tuason, except on the points hereunder discussed.
But only so an hour.
I knew the members would go gaga over this as i did, so i went a bit crazee and took some promo photos (below) and on the way back home sent smses to all members informing them of an impromptu class to learn this beautiful tradition embroidery work and to checkout our Facebook for the pictures by 10pm. I told them just come & bring black cloth, some needles &a cushion. Why a cushion? You'll see....
* “A New Level”
““I glorified you on earth by finishing the work you gave me to do. now, father, glorify me alongside yourself. give me the same glory I had with you before the world existed. “I made your name known to the people you gave me out of the world. they were yours, you gave them to me, and they have kept your word. now they know that everything you have given me is from you, because the words you gave me I have given to them, and they have received them. they have really come to know that I came from you, and they have come to trust that you sent me. “I am praying for them. I am not praying for the world, but for those you have given to me, because they are yours. indeed, all I have is yours, and all you have is mine, and in them I have been glorified.” (John 17:4-10 CJB)
Ian saw the hurt in me, he was sweet, he said he'd take care of me. But he had business to do in that town and I worked in different towns each week driving in a beat up car to strip in this bar one week and then another next week all over Alberta and Northern B.C.
as always we encourage you to check out the gallery if you haven't yet. the new prompt--with an especially lovely guest star--debuts at midnight! see you then!
It was going to be a natural tie-in. A photo essay of the typical chores I tackle on a Sunday, even a Sunday that’s part of the Labor Day holiday weekend.
Graphic novels have always drawn heavily from classic literature, particularly heroic and adventurous tales. Robin Hood and its eponymous character inspired many of the “rules for superheroes.” Lately, both graphic novels and text novels related to vampires inspired by Dracula have hit a popularity high.
I guess I'll always be
But enough Small talk and on to what I dropped in for, to tell you all about Todays' Project!!
3. What’s not working? What are the problems with the space now? What needs to change? Do you need to re-arrange furniture or shelving? Do you need to remove items because they’re keeping you from using the space as intended?
It is with deep regret that we must inform you of the passing of Michael Jackson, the Beer Hunter, who died yesterday at his home in London, UK. We learned of his passing from our colleagues - Jay Brooks at Brookston Beer Bulletin and Julie and Daniel Bradford at All About Beer.
11 No Stranger to the Darkness 4:22
What to look out for is a sustained reduction in movement. If baby becomes distressed in the womb, movements will reduce or stop some hours before a disaster occurs. A sustained reduction in foetal movement must therefore always be taken seriously and must always be checked out.
It got me thinking about stuff. Me. Us. It was such a reflection as to why, we in the American church, really have no patience for each other or for God's way of doing things. Like, seriously.
"Something has to be done," he said.
The city presenting no objects of sufficient interest to detain us on our way, we resolved to proceed next day by another steamboat, the Fulton, and to join it, about noon, at a suburb called Portland, where it would be delayed some time in passing through a canal.
We had a full weekend together, with an extra day since school was closed. Wednesday mornings, this morning, I drop them off with their other parent.
CAFE CHARLOT / LE PROGRES - because I love me some French hipsters.
She's such a sweet lady and her children are adorable. LeeAnn is one, and maybe only woman, I know that has convinced her husband that blogging isn't a cult. And we're not some angry women who hate men and bitch about the dishes. (oops, that's just me)
I ran off to Cub, where I took my color-coded grocery shopping list divided up into food categories, my coupons, and my determination to save money. Part of my nesting this time around has included a crazed attempt to be a Couponer. We're talking cross-referencing manufacturer's coupons with weekly sales, making trips to both Target and Cub each week to get the best deals, and making room in the pantry for 48 granola bars at a time because that's what gave us the best deal. I have a contest with myself to see what percentage of my bill I can save in coupons and sales, so getting home to check out the receipt brings me strange exhilaration.
Cody Griffin walks out to “I will Survive” which I believe is by Gloria Gainger. I laughed, but it was the oddest walkout song I’ve ever heard. Conversely, Bobby Brents walks out to a hard core rap song which is being sung live by an impressive duo. I thought it was a recording, but then relized these guys were wrapping on a microphone. It sounds awesome, and the crowd is going NUTS!
Inora: So *nudges Icewolf* what to do today?!
Will readers like Athee? I think they’ll admire her strengths and determination to succeed in a profession dominated by men. They’ll be moved by her motivation and efforts to keep those she loves safe. Readers will enjoy the new relationship aspect she brings to the story when her world and Byron’s collide.
He added that his decision will also depend if the website takes down the article and apologises, stressing that he hopes no legal action will be required.
I had so much fun making my card this time, cause i really love to use more than one image on my cards, but hardly ever do so. Dont know why. Maybe its becouse it for sure takes a bit longer to finisch it of since you have more images to color. (Well, mostly, but not this time, youll see what i meen), and im still kinda struggeling with my coloring from time to time, if not al of the time.
it was just the three of us, all night long, in a cold hospital room.
Even more graphically intense games such as Tiki Kart 3D ran without a hitch. You also can use the pre-installed Nvidia Tegra Zone app to take you straight to games optimised for Tegra devices if you fancy something more substantial than Cut the Rope.
ZIMMERMAN RK, MIDDLETON DB. Vaccines for persons at high risk due to medical conditions, occupation, environment, or lifestyle, 2005. J Fam Pract 2005; 54 (Suppl.): S27-S36.
“Punching” (the act of expanding a specific spot on a skate that’s too tight, invaluable when you’re trying to eek a couple more weeks out of a pair your growing daughter is outgrowing) = $5/spot
I shared this with friends at a party several weeks ago, and I wish I’d taken better notes. But let me just cut to the chase: outstanding. I can only remember so much, but I just remember everyone going “wow, this is great.” It’s a black IPA, a style that seems to be on the rise (Stone has one as well). I remember it being very mellow, with a very balanced hop bite that is subtle, not overwhelming like some IPAs. A touch of coffee. This is part of Deschutes Bond Street Series, available May-September, and I encourage you to grab some now if you can find it – here in Texas, I think all we get from Deschutes is Black Butte Porter and Mirror Pond Pale (seriously, guys, could you at least start sending some Obsidian Stout down here?).
Responsibilities of a Submissive
The 777 cabin interior will undergo a complete re-design of seat fabrics, carpets and curtain dividers. Seats across Business, Premium Economy and Economy have been updated for even more comfort with extra padding, new fabrics and headrests throughout the aircraft.
Arizona Solar Summit 2012 will offer five panels during Monday’s schedule. Todd Hardy, ASU’s Associate Vice President for Economic Affairs and a participant in the 2011 summit, will moderate a panel of representatives from the Solar Summit working groups.
91. The combination “ough” can be pronounced in 9 different ways; Read this: “A rough-coated, dough-faced, thoughtful ploughman strode through the streets of Scarborough; after falling into a slough, he coughed and hiccoughed.”
Geez!! I don't know about the rest of you out there in Blog Land, but I am so ready for Spring Break! Someone opened up a can of crazy in my room and both of my classes tried some of it! I can't explain it any better than that!
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D’Urbervilles – I’ve read other Hardy, but not this one
I also have a scanning ap on my Ipad, but I’ve never figured out how to make it work well, so I relied on the camera feature.
Hope you all had a fabulous christmas and All the best
I walk with these two pieces of my heart, my soul rather, I stand between, and yet I still haven’t perfected the balance.
The commission recommends that euthanasia deaths be reported, after the death, to monitor and evaluate whether the law is being abused. But the reporting procedure does not protect people. If (and when) a report is analyzed, and if an abuse has occurred, the person is already dead; so no effective redress is possible.
As I was reading in 1 John this morning, I began to think of our future wedding with no date. The doors fly open and we, the church, the bride of Christ walk through. All nervousness and butterflies disappear as we settle into the gentle gaze of our Savior. He's been waiting for this day for so long. Instead of sauntering, I take off in a full sprint into the arms of the One my heart loves. He whispers in my ear, "I am so excited about being married to you!" This is a day we are waiting for, but right now, we prepare. We know that one day we will be united as one, but for now he calls us to this: "And now, dear children continue in him, so that when he appears we may be confident and unashamed before him at his coming."
Some people can accept the microevolution I just presented but have trouble extrapolating that outwards towards larger organisms – like humans; that's the one that's harder to prove, obviously. (And there’s a huge misconception that humans evolved from “monkeys,” I’ll get to that in a bit.)
Fanny Hill was directed by Andrew Davies. Yes, Andrew Davies, my most favourite director. When you watch this series, you sort of wonder how he got from BBC’s 1995 adaptation of Pride and Prejudice to this: A Period Erotica. I watched Fanny Hill, a two part miniseries, because I was curious to see how Davies pulled off directing an adaptation of such an obscene book. I read this book, and let me tell you guys a little about it before getting into the review.
Nederland - Dirk Kuyt
“Why did you do it?”
The roses are wilting
Soooo... today I bit the bullet and bought an expensive purse. Yes, indeedy I did. None of us in the education field are millionaires, let's be honest. We didn't exactly pick this career because of the lucrative salary.
Culver City, CA 90232
feel the same pull,
…She silently cooked the dishes, did the laundry and fed the pigs. … My grandpa, who turned out to be a village teacher, treated her nicely, but it all didn’t matter. He died at the age of 39, leaving her a shattered family with two teenage boys to feed.
If you knew that having a child would result in even one animal being tortured and killed, would you knowingly get pregnant or get someone else pregnant?
9<U+2033> days to weeks 23.
Romney Also Alleged That The National Rifle Association Endorsed Him In 2002 - Another Mistake. "Romney claimed on the NBC News program 'Meet the Press' last Sunday that he received from the National Rifle Association while running for governor of Massachusetts in 2002, when it turned out the group had never endorsed him." (The New York Times, 12/22/07)
"This attraction will bring millions of pounds into the economy and the benefits to Cardiff will be immense in terms of tourism."
Her message was that you should not compromise your Values even if it means going it alone. In the long run it will pay off.
Peter Maffay Du D
Maybe ephraim will someday sleep in his own bed... (little honey, honey sugar baby...)
In the segregation unit we were shown a small cage like enclosure where we were told that a “law library” will be held for the offenders in segregation. This access will be offered by computer terminal only, presumably to sites like Westlaw and Lexus-Nexus. We were told the offenders in segregation will not be allowed to have access to any other law library materials (books, etc.) other than what is offered on the computer terminal.
Before I get into our seating solution for the playroom, let's take a second to remember what we started with.
But Professor Gingrich doesn’t need a comic book to rewrite history for him. Superman spun the earth backwards on its axis to reset time. Newt does it with a pen. He’s published two alternate universe novels. One reboots the Civil War so the South wins at Gettysburg (thanks, we needed that). The second prevents the U.S. from entering World War II so that Germany can conquer Russia and face the U.S. in a new cold war.
tunes. If it really was his father, then it was touching in a dry, wry way how father and son supported each other for this event. Kent offered to constituents, uniform flapjacks and sausage patties. Their volunteer cooking crew were stuck in a road laneway by the building to do the grilling.
Omar Rayyan
The unifying theme of the final book is the afterlives of objects, by which we mean what happens to objects when they acquire new uses or meanings. You will examine what happens to objects when they move from one social and historical context to another, and therefore the changes in the way these objects are understood. You will explore specific questions of power, ‘commodification’, memory and ownership and more general questions of change and transformation. Chapters One and Two examine religious and secular ‘relics’ and their contagious power; what happens when religious objects are transformed by global tourism; and whether tourism diminishes the ‘sacredness’ or ‘authenticity’ of such objects. Chapter Three explores issues of memory and absence with reference to Holocaust museums. In Chapter Four you will consider philosophical issues surrounding the ownership and display of objects. In particular, moral issues that arise in relation to objects removed from their place of origin, and in relation to bodies and parts of bodies collected by museums."
Wisconsin is a state with progressive urban areas and politically diverse rural areas. Progressive Majority's state-based approach to candidate recruitment and development is well-suited to adapting to unique political environments such as this.
If you terminate to buy refilled or recycled ink cartridges either from a fund or from a website, you can sure economise some money but the scathe it can do to your machine leave establish to be many expensive. Retributory be reliable to study the ones that worship a vouch.
But also note the context. This speech is not designed to teach the soldiers anything new or profound. They have been training for years, learning the art of combat at home or in training camps. They aren’t getting a lesson in lancing today. Today they fight.
Mountain Bike Oregon brings a lot of people to town. They like bikes. They like trails. They like beer. On Thursday, as they head to Greenwaters Park to set up camp and get oriented, they find themselves becoming hungry and thirsty. Fortunately, there is a nearby pub that offers solutions to both. And even more fortunately, as we are sponsors of the event, each rider, guide and industry personnel gets a ticket for a free pint of our ale. There IS such a thing as free beer. It's obviously the first introduction to some to the goodness that is real ale, so a brief explanation is often required. I had one person come back up to the bar and yell "this beer is warm", to which I replied "free, too". He did manage to get through it anyway. That's the good news. The bad news that's also good news is that we're running out of beer again. The pumps certainly have been busy. A cask of Union Dew (as dispensed at the 2010 GBBF) was dispatched in two hours on Thursday, and the hoppy amber died shortly afterward. I now have to get back to brewing, as the brewery is full of empty casks that need washing and eventual filling.
Here is yet another example of how time flies....
The Design Team have been hard at work and having fun while creating beautiful projects for your inspiration for this challenge. Most have used NEW IMAGES added to the store in the past fortnight. Pop along and see what my extremely talented team mates have made!
Kong purists usually rank Escapes on the far low end of their scale when it comes to what they will accept their King in. Badness is all but guaranteed for your monster movie, though, when its premiere in North America is on a double-billing with that classic Don Knotts comedy The Shakiest Gun in the West. Gotta wonder which one played first.
menchies.
NB Dark LME 12.000lb Extract 66.7%
We left the Riverside Park Motel and Campground around 10 AM, in plenty of time to make the 220-mile drive to Streetsboro, Ohio where we would spend the night and have dinner with some old friends.
As a note for those who are praying for me, I have a recheck appointment on Tuesday in Michigan. I really would like to be feeling much better by Monday when I head up there. Brandon will be going with me since Scott is traveling in the South on furlough meetings. He may just end up doing most of the driving. Watch out Detroit!
I've used a base of aqua card (it's SU, but I have no idea what it's called sorry!), layered with Very Vanilla and another piece of aqua that has been stamped with JustRite's Chevron Stripe Background stamp in Versamark ink. It's been a while since I've played with versamark, but I like the way it worked for this. The middle panel is another piece of vanilla - stamped with the roses from With Sympathy in Celadon Versacolor Ink. Across this is a darker piece of aqua bazzill, punched with Deco Fan and topped with white crochet lace (airbrushed with E53 Copic - because I don't have any ivory lace!). The feature panel is vanilla stamped with the frame and sentiment from With Sympathy and then coloured with BG72 and BG75 and cut out with Nested Oval Medallion Dies. I've framed this with dark aqua cut with Lacey Oval Nestabilities and popped it all up with X-press It High Tack Foam Tape. To finish I've made a flower using vanilla and Bitty Blossoms Shapeabilities (new toy! I can see I'm going to use this A LOT!) and a bit of greenery using Foliage Shapeabilities.
I first saw this H&M snake-embossed envelope clutch weeks ago at a location in the city, fell in love (who would've thought since I hate snakes?!), but passed because I didn't have my 20% coupon with me. Days later, when I was ready to actually buy, I couldn't find it anywhere in the stores near me. This is what I get for wanting to save $4 lol. I was about to give up when I recently revisited one of the stores and saw they had restocked. Hallelujah!
The book of the fair for me was sitting unobtrusively on a French stand, Albin-Michel. "Sick of Pink" said the poster, which caught my eye, but the book is called Marre du Rose in French and is by Nathalie Hense, illustrated by Ilya Green. It is a perfect story of a little girl who prefers to wear black and is teased for it. Act quickly British publishers; I've already enthused about it to two of you!
Come out and support these two great companies and support managers in professional wrestling. Thank you very much and pick up one of these great trading cards today! Be sure to look up Mr. Late Nite on Facebook and join his fan page!
Make your blood run green
If you are planning to run a news story on this matter and would like a comment from Jennifer, the most-recognized transsexual in the province of NL, please get in touch.
And we then must not forget to pray for ourselves and for wisdom in how we can be a blessing to our husbands. "God, how can I bless my husband today? What things can I do to make his life more joyful and easier? How can I help to relieve the daily stress he faces out in the world? God, what do I need to change about myself to be the wife that you designed me to be? Lord, what characteristics and personality traits of mine can lead to my husband becoming exasperated? Father, I want to serve my husband and build my husband up, show me specifically some ways that I can do that."
Says it all really.
You just have to take the time to stay fully informed, awake, aware and alert.
Ken thought he took just picture of scandal. But it has big secreat scene. That is…muder scene.
The most notable object we have on loan is a magnificent facsimile of a 15th-century illuminated manuscript called the Rothschild Miscellany.
Ibis stood up and went over to look at the chicken. It seemed rather ordinary, other than it having taken a position on Bantum’s chest. It looked to the side, blinked, and gave a tiny little “Cluck”. He then jumped with flutter to the ground and began pecking at the dirt, and that action woke Bantum up.
This morning we underwent a barrage of routine scheduled tests and appointments at Magee, starting bright and early at 6:45 a.m. Five hours later, I was happy to walk out of the hospital with plenty of good news.
Umbrella, Shirt: Victorian Velvet, Black Soot
I bought this cute dress for a wedding that Kyle and I have to attend in September. I couldn’t pass it up! It was only 25 bucks!
If freezing, let cool, then flash freeze in a single layer on a baking sheet for 30 minutes. After this time, place quiches in a covered container. Reheat on a cookie sheet in a 400 degree oven for about 5-10 minutes.
The problem is NOT –I repeat— The problem is NOT the Teachers or Laborers, or the Unions, or the Poor, or Immigrants, or the Working Class with their earned income credit, or spending on Entitlements, it is not the Middle Class or your mom on Social Security or your grandfather on Medicare. Money and most important the Political power in the hands of the few is the injustice. It is not the 99%ers that are in charge but the 1%ers. The middle class continues to shrink, and the number of poor has grown.
My mind was reeling in shock. Oh God ... Can this be real?
unique relationship with each other.
to his height, his solidity and his strength I just felt different.
To eat the flesh of the Son of Man is to absorb His entire way of being and living. The word ‘sarx’ (flesh) is also used to refer to human nature in general. To the physical, emotional and mental; the very act of willing, choosing, or resolving and exercise of that will are aspects of human existence.
Jan 20 – Shahrizat files a RM100 mil suit against PKR Ampang MP Zuraidah Kamaruddin and strategic director Rafizi Ramli for defamation in connection with the NFCorp issue
And that, of course, is what God requires of us—relationship with Him. If we claim to have relationship with Him but fail to spend time in His presence—well, maybe it’s time for a heart check to see if we really are born again. Do our hearts yearn to be in His presence? Do we miss Him when we’re away? Do we long to please Him and do His will, to hear Him say, “Well done, good and faithful servant,” not because we’ve done anything so wonderful but because He has allowed us to partner with Him and serve in His name?
I thought it’s about ignoring our heart and emotions.
A limiting belief is something that you believe to be true because over time you have developed your Map of the world and within that Map you have your place.
Well, I am appropriately stricken. And outraged, nauseous, flabbergasted... I wish I could say I can't imagine what they were thinking, but in fact I do have a guess. I just can't imagine why they thought no one would notice.
9And thou shalt write them upon the posts of thy house, and on thy gates.
So if you have a very heavy period, try nettle. It is high in iron and calcium (and vitamin D and lots of other things). You will be surprised how it helps with your bleeding and makes it easier to use a diva cup and cotton pads.
it helps me draw a line and hold that space without fear of the upset it may cause because i'm okay with the upset.
French baguettes
“I’m not much of a gusher, so I won’t gush, but have you ever met someone who just fit? Someone who makes you feel like you’ve known them all your life in the first five minutes after meeting? I did. This person is refreshingly kind and has the most thoughtful eyes, and no matter what happens between us I will always think of them and smile.
I know I’ve had some real whoppers in my time – dreams that seemed so realistic that I genuinely found it hard to believe that they weren’t, in fact, real. Hell, just yesterday I jerked awake from a nap because something in my dream reminded me of a lost jacket. I was actually staring into my closet, scratching my head and wondering, when I realized that the jacket actually existed only in the “reality” of yet another dream.
Literature elements - setting & mood
The controversy is the same every year as well. And not the ‘who’s up who’ dissection of every soap opera cast or the ‘how many warm Crownies til someone does something news-worthy’ kind of debate - but the nominations that cause the most froth and bubble. Each year the Greatest Side Show on Earth revolves around who got the nods and who should’ve been shot.
Stronger: Well, the work out ball got dropped this week (forgive the pun). I was only able to work out twice this week. Not true....I could have worked out more, I just didn't. Which means that I could have burned more calories, but I didn't......moving on......
I must say that I do appreciate everyone taking the time to read my writings. They are, at the time at which I write, an emotional release and a way to document and later analyze and piece together seemingly disparate events into a more cohesive understanding holistically. I also hope that they bring some meaning and insight into others lives, such as your own in a relevant way. Certainly, feedback through relating events in one's own life and through comparative analysis has meant a lot to me as well in helping me to understand better, my own sense of self.
At my kids’ last dental appointment it was confirmed that my eight and nine year old boys are each missing two adult teeth. I was advised to bring them to an orthodontist to come up with a long-term plan. That plan could mean multiple tooth-pullings and braces or tooth implants and braces.
There were three of us, always: Lisa, Kristin, and me. We were the straight-A students.
1. Clip fingernails or toenails at your desk. This is an important little task, but it is something that should be done in the comfort of your own home. The little click, click, click sound is annoying, and no one wants to see your little nasty nail shards all over the place. Save your manicure for after hours.
My Cooking Light Group recently had a dinner with the theme of cooking a dish from a favorite chef. I love that theme! I wanted to cook a Michael Symon recipe because the meal my son and I had at his Lola Bistro in Cleveland was outstanding. Plus, I like Symon's personality, and respect his choice of staying in the Cleveland area instead of heading to a bigger city.
I'm much too tired to talk,
This will be my third time. It’s a gathering of 3,000. There will be 13 Salvation Army delegates from the Central Territory. I’ve heard from one Southern Territory delegate. If it’s like past conferences there will be other SA people. Sharon Barber of our NHQ will host the Army’s display; come visit us at exhibit #26. All of us from the Central will take turns helping Sharon. Stop by and say hi.
I think it is a mockery of India made for the viewing pleasure of westerners. I did not find any soul of the movie. It worked just because of the British direction and production. It is a clever well-timed production.
You know what, I’m not even going to try to go through point for point and break down the problems with this guy. Not even the retard leet-speak. Reading it once had made my head hurt enough as it is. So I’m just going to make an executive decision and say, oops, sorry, turns out our raids all START at 11:00, so I guess that rules us out. Good luck in your search…um…Guy Whose Asshat Name I’m Not Even Going to Try to Transliterate.
How To Play Along :
from my worked land
Although I've not done this myself why not? A fashion blog is a creative outlet which should be fun and a source of inspiration. I see a blog as a personal mood board and doing this type of post would be an excellent way to archive your inspired wardrobe combinations to refer to when you actually want to wear them out. I sometimes see bloggers asking readers for feedback on a look they post to decide whether they will wear it out.
Homeschooling parents have a knack for facilitating learning. They are willing to step out of the box to help their children understand. Sometimes you have to learn with them. Parent at the Helm knows that the key to homeschooling success is that Homeschooling Parents are INVOLVED Parents.
Triggered by the recent loss of the Warrior in Afghanistan, I have been revisiting the issue of vehicle mine protection, acquiring some additional photographs in the process. It seemed a pity to waste them as, putting these together in a sequence, even with minimal commentary they make a powerful statement about incompetence. The pictures give testimony in a way that mere words cannot.
A mischievous girl who won't stay in one place.
3) If you've ever traveled in a country where people follow you around trying to sell you stuff...Cambodia is the absolute worst for people hollering, following and bargaining with you even if you don't want the stuff. I know how rock stars feel now.
The tail is gonna be created on a piece of mono, and I like to use a cheap 0.30 mm mono for spinning fishing for this. It is thick enough to stand a little beating without breaking but still thin enough to move with the tail “fins” when retrieved. I flatten the mono where the feathers are gonna be tied in, this will make the tie in point much more secure and prevent the tail feathers from coming off.
Seabeck is one of those towns.
national geographic 1972
What? You didn't think I would show you my junk room, did you?
Super easy - just trace the skinny pair of jeans onto the inside out old jeans and run a basting stitch up both legs on the inside seam. Have hubby try them on and adjust the fit, then resew them with a tighter stitch. Cut out the excess and zig zag the cut edges. I might go back and rehem them, as he prefers a shorter pant now, but the effect is good and fits with our budget (i.e., 0$!)
The film has also been talked about for its film noir cinematography which is of course dark.
Still single.
If you need further reassurance, it helps to see who else has used so reviled a phrase. Different to appears in E. M. Forster’s A Room With A View. MWDEU quotes Thurber, as above, using different than, alongside Thackeray and Joseph Heller among others. Michael Quinion informs us that the OED finds different than in Defoe, Coleridge, De Quincey, Goldsmith, Carlyle et al. Yes: than is more colloquial. But there’s nothing inherently wrong with it.
This book was unlike any other Stephen King book I've read. The first few chapters build the case for going back into the past and once Jake gets there I was hooked. The story of his life in the Land of Ago made me smile, it made me cry, and it left me on the edge of my seat wanting more. The book is so descriptive that I felt like I was there in 1958 with him.
I realized yesterday that ALL of humanity is at a major choice point in life. Every one on earth is looking at a Y in their path. A choice, or series of choices that must be crystallized thru your/our action within that choice!
Wind and sleety rain battering against the windows, nice and snug indoors, I was slowing down, growing a little tired... when I heard the most heavenly music, voices singing of a Silent Night, I opened the door, three little angels stood there, bedragled and cold. I rushed them quickly inside, rinsed off their wings and hung them up to dry.
That is the law of nature.
craft
David Sutton – And I Shall Go in the Devil’s Name
*The government of England is a government of law. We betray ourselves, we contradict the spirit of our laws, and we shake the whole system of English jurisprudence, whenever we entrust a discretionary power of the life, liberty, or fortune of the subject to any man or set of men, whatsoever, upon a presumption that it will not be abused……May 25, 1771
Dirty Harry was released in 1971.
The inmates now run the asylum."
Early on she came up with the message NEVER EVER GIVE UP - NEGU. NEGU signs and bumper stickers started popping up all over our community. It didn't matter if you knew Jessie personally or not, EVERYONE was inspired by her NEGU motto.
7) Don't hold back - over the course of the evening we ordered no less than 12 dishes between the two of us and we weren't the slightest bit stuffed.
Beccy's Place Digital Image
Blueberries (Back again?! Hooray!)
So brutalised and intimidated have the British public become by the one word, that they often behave like abused children, denying naughtiness before they are even accused of it, we see this all the time when people are interviewed about immigration on TV when the first thing they always say is "I'm not a racist but ...." or display embarrassment at their failure to embrace all aspects of politically correct orthodoxy. For instance the middle class, middle aged woman I recently saw talking about the impact of immigration, at one point admitting the country had been “totally changed”, however her body language made it obvious she was clearly ashamed and embarrassed to even mention such blasphemy and afraid people would think less of her for saying it.
He doesn't do a tripod thing he skipped that and went straight to sitting up great.
I am not on any CRAB drugs due to side effects - sometimes a scary thought, sometimes not. It will be interesting to see if the kidney doctor thinks my decreased kidney functioning is due to CRAB drugs or if it's something else.
How can she trust that he's not throwing away their lives, when the past few years all he's been focused on was building his empire, and now he wants to trash it all and finally work on their marriage? Fortunately, Julia's got a thriving party planning business of her own, but will it be enough if she decides she cannot stay with Michael now that he's going to give it all away? And will she want to stay with Michael after the years he's been absent in her life? He's asking her for the next three weeks to prove his love to her. Can she give it to him? And what will she discover in those three weeks?
Anyway, enjoy a smoke if that’s what floats your boat, or a quiet ale or a noisy lager or whatever it is that you need to do to live, thrive and survive and remember the words of the twentieth century’s greatest thinkers – Bill & Ted; "Be Excellent to Each other!"
Smell: 2.5
6th September, Brentford Festival (TBC)
....3 - ARe
For the frosting, I wanted something light and airy, so I made a batch of cream cheese frosting, and then a batch of whipped cream, and then lightened the frosting by folding in the whipped cream. Then I piped the frosting on with a large closed-star tip, to create a "whipped cream" effect.
My love doesn't hold grudges like I do.
The frequency in the scientific pitch notation holds a musical chord value. The value the frequency holds more is the musical chord it represents.
6.Fry green chilli and curry leaves in same oil.
A stair carpet runner will add pizazz and style to your abode. They can be costly or nearly cost free depending on your needs and technical abilities.
Think about it; this is a film directed Lawrence Kasdan and starring Diane Keaton, Kevin Kline, Dianne Wiest, Richard Jenkins and other pretty great actors. You’d think this would be a good movie, or at the very least a decent one, and instead we get this utterly forgettable and lifeless affair. Ugh. It sucks because these actors are still very competent even with such crappy material, and Ms. Keaton and Mr. Kline do their best at bringing some life into Beth and Joseph, a married couple; she’s super warm-hearted and yet is feeling really lonely because her husband, a back surgeon, is just this serious and uptight sort of repressed man.
At 8:58 a.m., commencement ceremony was to start 9:00 a.m., a master in computer science student arrived, gown over one arm, hood over the other, and mortarboard in hand. Her major had filed down the staircase several moments earlier, and might even already be on the arena floor. And she still had to don her regalia! The staircase down to the area floor was packed with grads, so I strongly advised her to push her way down past those in formation and find her place among students of her major, and don her regalia before walking on the arena floor.
Even though the movie focuses on the more human aspects of Spider-Man there still is a lot of action set pieces to be had. The visual effects here look amazing as Spidey zooms around the city and battles one of his most formidable foes, Doc Ock. The train sequence is the greatest action scene of any movie on this list and probably the best of its decade. There is very few times that a movie is able to take me completely out of my head but that scene did and truly left me awed. It’s crazy how the movie is able to balance its excellent action scenes with the more quiet moments. Every character gets its due and no one is underdeveloped as we leave the theater feeling that we have seen a “complete” Spider-Man tale. Spider-Man 2 is a true classic of the genre. It contains all things that we love about Peter Parker and all things that we love about those that dawn masks and tights.
reports that sloppy work by examiners at the FBI lab was producing unreliable forensic evidence in court trials. Instead of releasing those findings, they made them available only to the prosecutors in the affected cases, according to documents and interviews with dozens of officials.
When I have it hung, I will share it with all of you.....
In short, it is about how and where fashion and fabric are made. I had a general idea how it works, but this book describes the details – and boy, I’d say I had no idea… I think it should be obligatory lecture at school. Maybe then people would think twice before buying a lot of (cheap) stuff.
It's Friday! Yay! I hope everyone is looking forward to the weekend? It's going to be chilly here in VA so we are ready for some baking and crock-potting. Uh. That didn't sound right. At any rate, THANK YOU for your awesome orange & black creations last week! I loved how it ranged from Halloween to everyday cards. Beautiful work everyone!
I received the product mentioned above for free to facilitate this review. Regardless, I only recommend products or services I use personally and believe will be good for my readers. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commissions 16 CFR, Part 255 Guides Concerning the Use of
Kitchen gadgets are always a fun purchase and there are tons of do-dads out there for just about any job. There are a lot of these items that are a one and done type of product, where you use it once and then it goes back in the gadget drawer or cabinet, not to be used or seen again for quite a while!
I know you will be stunned to find out the man on the other end was none to pleasant. I tell him my name and the case number and he says, nope nothing. I said, "But there has to be something because you called me at my number and used my name". He insist there is nothing. Ok, fine.
It looks pretty good but it was actually pretty tough and blunt. Even my husband said that he doesn't like this at all :-) (Normally, he is very good at complimenting my dish so this one must had been quite bad)
Instead of pastry, it has a chocolate shell (I love chocolate!). Inside, it's filled with almond hazelnut praline, ground coarsely so there's a little crunch (crunchy praline? Yum!). With Cluizel's quality, it's formidable.
“Don’t fuck this up Simon. Your story’s right here. Take it.” I said.
Both of these dressers literally went in the van, and straight to the booth, with only a loving coat of orange oil applied to freshen them up.
only realized how horrible that is very recently. It just seemed like
it was related that the party of explorers, at the extremity of their
I put a call in yesterday (Friday) to the oncologist I saw back in 2010 after the biopsy results came back. I wanted to be sure that I had the right information about Phyllodes tumors and that everything that could be done had been done, so I went to see him even though the surgeon told me it wasn't necessary.
There is serious talk on the streets of Luton in certain circles that "tommy" is and has been, in business with them for some time which is why he has been able to get away with his EDL activities in Luton. I have my contacts who know the real deal about Irish "tommy boy".
Y'all have a sunny type day and remember: If idiots grew on trees, Congress would be a forest.
:: the sesame street gang proudly put together and displayed by the big sisters....in front of a really cool old window that looks out of the girls bedroom and into the stairwell, a really great find when i USED to go antique shopping ;)
accents or warmed with a hint of spice or a breath of salty air. Then
It was snowing as I looked out of my bedroom window yesterday morning, followed by rain. The rain hasn´t stopped yet… Rain… utter rain this day has to offer me, so it seems. Looks like the weather forecast got it right after all. When I least hope it would.
6. Chili powder, ½ teaspoon.
The vague mumblings;
Because sometimes the things you least expect are the most meant to be.
I really had fun making this...I'll try some more as soon as I find some good pics ;)
The paper is from the Lime Twist: Life of the Party pad by My Mind's Eye. The stamps are from the Heart to Heart oval set by JustRite Stampers. I stamped the frame in Versamark and heat embossed it with black embossing powder. I stamped the sentiment in SU! Riding Hood Red ink and popped it up on dimensional boosters.
The woodpeckers have been noisy up in the woods.We think it won’t be long before cuckoos start to arrive (usually around April 19th). We’ve been tracking their migration journey from Africa on the British Trust for Ornothology website. They’ve just crossed the Sahara Desert.
Why? Why prematurity happens, why this happened to us, to my new friends at the NICU, to anyone is a question that I still don't understand and struggle with on tough days. Until now, I haven't shared Andrew's birth story on the blog. In honor of the 1400 babies a day born prematurely, I will tell it now.
P.S: For some, the result may not be sweet enough- maybe increase the sugar to 80gr.
*2 cloves garlic
"A Mary Sue (sometimes just Sue), in literary criticism and particularly in fanfiction, is a fictional character with overly idealized and hackneyed mannerisms, lacking noteworthy flaws, and primarily functioning as a wish-fulfillment fantasy for the author or reader. It is generally accepted as a character whose positive aspects overwhelm their other traits until they become one-dimensional."
I thought about that.
Sometimes when we pray, and if we’re comfortable with it, Matt anoints my forehead with oil in the symbol of a cross. Tonight he did this and something happened. As his thumb brushed across my forehead I suddenly felt the frustration inside me being wiped abruptly away. Then, and just in that instant, I felt the air around me change and the sounds around me distance; it was as if I was transported to a new altitude. Matt said something to me while anointing me but I couldn’t hear what it was. Instead, I heard — but somehow not with my ears –
Kernel Seasons $1/1 - expires 12/31/2011
3 future
as he pulled it
1. Fruit cake Recipe:
It's my part of this whole game that I despise so much. I am lucky; my physical recovery from both your birth and your sister's was quick and mostly pain-free. It's just that it's so... unpleasant for those first few days. To be honest, I hate being that in tune with my body. (Those monks with the meditation don't know what the crap they're talking about as far as I'm concerned.) I'd much rather enjoy the blissful ignorance I normally exist in without being so acutely aware of every nook and cranny of my body. Each day for a week or so after you were born I'd put my forehead on the cool mirror of the bathroom, close my eyes, and say, "Buck up, kiddo! This is the worst this will feel because tomorrow will be better than today."
I mentioned to you before Christmas that I am helping my daughter renovate her first apartment. I have to tell you that I love a renovation... especially when it is a total make-over... The sound of the saws, the drills and the hammers is music to my ears; the smell of wet plaster and paint is like a sweet fragrance to me. I understand that for some, building is a chore and a drama that they would sooner live without - for me, it is pure pleasure.
Perhaps the consultants need to spend less time on re-badging common sense as their own idea (TM), and more on challenging clients (c) and helping them deliver.
"WHY???"
It has been a while since I posted about making jam. I posted here and here of my previous marathon. Well, it has been a while since I made any. Our stash was low. We were down to a case and a half in the stockpile and Christmas is coming. Since I started giving jam for Christmas gifts, it has come to be expected and what we had left was not going to do it.
As the sun’s rays are bent when passing through a prism, so has the light of God been bent when passing through the hearts of men. Sin, temperament, prejudice, early education, cultural influences, prevailing vogues: all have worked to throw the eyes of the heart out of focus and distort the inward vision.
A look at the upcoming conference is also revealing. The scheduled keynote speakers include Obama's staunchly anti-Israel NSA General James Jones, and two US senators not exactly noted for their pro-Israel bonifides ( John Kerry and Chuck Hagel, who's rumored to be Obama's next SecDef).
The worry is now of course the really rather dreadful behaviours of individuals who call themselves nationalists, individuals and factions that war with each other at nationalisms expense, it would seem that these are dark days for British nationalism, dark days indeed, but a new movement is forming steadily in the background, a movement based upon correct nationalist principle ,this movement threatens to break out some feel ,yet I have as yet to gauge both its number and its potency, certainly the time has come to return to tradition, to real nationalism and let the fools play and the egos squabble.
We mostly needed to figure out how our business was going to function before making anything for our presentation.
As a child I always enjoyed "The Cat in the Hat Comes Back" in which Dr Seuss's cat draws upon assistance from increasingly smaller - yet more powerful - cats, named sequentially for letters of the alphabet, who emerge from his hat.
This computer is very difficult to type with, so this will be a short letter...
Next week Lynn will provide the questions. It is raining today in London so I’m think this will be a great day to snuggle on the couch and read part four.
Ryan's prognosis is great though. We will continue to do everything we can for him and make sure he gets the best education he deserves.
I might have control over my bowels but screaming can be fun. And dicks? I actually spent one evening looking through a book on evolution and pointing out all the dicks.
I tucked in with a Southampton IPA, shrimp scampi, tuna sliders, and the chef’s choice pintxos (shrimp cocktail, beet napoleon, and duck confit). I took a brief moment to school the young couple at the table next to me on the contents of my meal and what the hell tapas are—”is that, like, a sandwich or something?” Answer: small plates meant for communal sharing to encourage conversation. Since I was currently only conversing with Tina Fey in my head, I’m happy to say I did not have to share one bite. It was delicious.
Instead they should try to build on the new make up of support. Ed Miliband's union backers will be keen to see him take Labour further to the left while he will be keen to keep using language that won't alienate the parties' moderate supporters. The LibDems have an opportunity to expose this deceit and offer themselves up as a more economically credible (having helped fix the nations finances), truly liberal (meaning less authoritarian than Labour, accepting the free market but with a demonstrable social conscience) and, possibly, more libertarian than the Tories. This is one position to take, there are probably several options for realignment. But the important point will be to realign as a real alternative to the Tories and to replace Labour altogether as their main rivals. This would free up the Tory party to offer up a purer idealogical free market, socially conservative position that many of it's member desire and for which there is a demand in the country.
Inside, the house she and her husband once shared
The cake is also studded with a few crushed nuts for added texture and flavour and I also added just a smidgen of mixed spice. The cake is kept extra moist by the use of oil and sour cream in place of butter in the recipe. The cake is quite dense but in a good way, similar to a pound cake rather than feeling heavy and solid.
First the good parts. The interior art gives it a nice old-school flavor although I do miss the cover style that they used for their 3rd edition modules. The module details a ruined castle and its dungeons in a swamp that are pretty generic and are easily dropped into most any campaign setting. While the main plot of foiling the plans of cultists has been done to death, this one does have a clever twist to it by having a table of curses that characters may either start with as a hook or fall prey to while adventuring in the module. Some of the curses are helpful (but only at expense of others) like- "Anytime an uncursed PC suffers a critical hit, the cursed PC gains 1d6 temporary hp" and some are just evil like "The character develops an insatiable desire for human blood; his maximum hit point total is reduced by 5 every day that he does not indulge the mad craving." These effects were fun to use, but were kind of hard to remember once there were several of them in force.
It's been a dry spell creatively for me for quite a while and I really was feeling little or no enthusiasm for jewelry-making. It was a rambling, blog-reading trek one day that landed me at Orion Designs Blog and Vicki Potter's Earwire Tutorial. Suddenly I felt a spark! I can do that!
Finally, surrogate motherhood violates the systematic planning of Allah in the normal process of procreation.
Scott confesses that he had turned on the shower for fun the last time they were in the tub and perhaps that is why she was afraid. I research bath phobias on the internet and most advise to not force the issue but rather come up with creative solutions.
The first few are just taken around Laura’s garage, from my series that I should have entitled, “Your house has cool stuff in it if only you’d look closer.” Nothing says near-term history like an old rotary-dial telephone.
BM: “It was all going to happen to me, and I knew it!” I can’t think of anything else here now.
No! It's not. Because, you see, my particular brand of insanity is catching.
Former Disney star Selena Gomez proves that she is all grown up in the sexy ad for her new namesake perfume.
So, what has happened here… two brands, one sell insurance and peace of mind, the other sells Portuguese chicken! You ask what do they have in common? Nothing…. Except…
And of course there's the church immortalized by Van Gogh and the cemetery where you'll find his grave and that of his brother Theo. I didn't take any pictures of those on this most recent trip but you can go back in time with me and see them here. We didn't make it to the Daubigny museum nor to the chateau except to have an incredible picnic (yes, they actually let you sit on the grass!)
I saw a rather weird film of Pericles being acted out with toys, and a very enjoyable production of A King and No King (which wasn't actually part of the conference, but the student group performing it wisely timed it for this weekend). I remembered only three things about AKANK from grad school: that it was about a king who falls in love with his sister but she turns out not to be his real sister (accurate); that there was a joke about someone confusing "peace" with "peas" (also accurate); and that it wasn't very good (this turned out to be quite wrong -- I mean, I won't say it's a particularly deep play, and it certainly isn't a plausible one, but it is a heck of a fun romp).
The chocolate cream is versatile too. I love the subtle hint of orange zest, but mint extract, coffee liqueur or a pinch or two of cayenne pepper are all wonderful additions.
Finnan Haddie Souffle
In other new tonight I got my butt kicked in Candyland in record time. Jacob finished in about 10 turns and his brother wasn’t too far behind him.
Leggings: Kohl's
Apples (different sizes to put in size order and make apple pies)
Oh, hello!
* "Active Director Expects Double Dividend but loses Battle of the Bulge", here. A curious privacy case, this, in which an application to ban the defendants from telling the claimant's grown-up children by his first marriage that he had sired twins by his girlfriend was refused.
This cute little Easter tree was a flea market buy for $1.00. The pot that it was in originally was not working so I cut down the styrofoam base and bought a little pot at the Dollar Store, added some moss and a bunny and a few eggs....
I HATE it when people come to us and say “what are you waiting for?”, it makes me queasy to say the least. While ‘when are you doing it?’ is a positive question, the former is a subtle criticism of our choices totally uncalled for. I joke when I get uncomfortable, sometimes I bark, sometimes I bite, but it always leaves me fuming.
That's a very quick update as to what I've been up to in the last few weeks. Thanks for visiting my blog today and now I'm home again and well (was sick for two months this year), I hope to get back into some serious card making.
-Jules
Von Zerneck/Sertner Films
Flower punch is by Martha Stewart
The primary goal of preventing disorder, as opposed to “illicit” singing, was achieved.
"A very addictive TV show."
I hoard canned pumpkin. I'm probably the reason that there is a "supposed" pumpkin shortage. I eat pumpkin year-round. Here's one cup. Isn't uncooked pumpkin a pretty color? Remember this, as I'll point this out later on.
For inspiration, please check out the fantastic creations by the rest of the Design Team and remember, no digi images are permitted at LIIU.
Walking through busy Chinatown, it hit me how little we see of the city these days. We get in our cars, zoom along our many expressways, from one suburb to another, bypassing the traffic but also the colour and life of the older parts of town.
This party caught me off guard a little, I guess. I've known the reveal date all along, don't get me wrong. However, I procrastinated, as is my way. I didn't intentionally procrastinate, but the beads were refusing to speak to me!
c. If the Court ruled that the law, the legislative decree or the bylaw was unconstitutional, the items found to be unconstitutional shall be annulled with retroactive effect and all their consequences shall be removed.
I’ve lived farther away for longer periods of time but I was younger with more money and fewer children and making trips back to what I’ll always consider my home was no big deal. If I was desperate for the reel screaming pull of a big redfish (which in my heart of hearts will always be a spottail bass), the smell of pluff mud or the taste of shrimp that were caught within hours of when they were eaten, I could make plans and be where I wanted within a week or two. I would often make the fourteen hour drive from Brooklyn to Charleston just to spend a long weekend. Didn’t even think that much about it.
Anyway, after helping to set up our picnic area (by delivering my assigned breakfast foods), chatting with group members, and a quick port-a-potty trip, I lined up with two of my running buddies who were hoping for the same pace as I was. But, much like many of my runs and races lately, I only managed to keep pace with them for about half a mile or so.
"Where is she?" I asked.
What will this imbalance lead to?
Director: Larry Charles
Two Brothers Brewing Company
International Union of Operating Engineers (IUOE) Local 150 headquartered in suburban Chicago, Illinois filed the federal lawsuit in late February challenging the law and requesting an injunction against its implementation.
Hubby: Then you have to get up earlier.
So… I know I need to sort myself out – right here, right now! I’ve got some stuff going on in my life that is making me really unhappy – this is having a major impact on my mental wellbeing – I can feel the cloud of depression hovering perilously close – I can’t afford to let it take over – so I’m not going to let it! I’m going out for a walk, even though it’s raining – and I’m taking my notebook with me and hopefully, I’ll get some words down on paper – it’s been so long since I’ve written anything creatively, I know it will help – so that’s the plan!
As loud and as long as I can!
Interesting what myths we build of our nation's beginnings and how these shape our national identity. In the United States, the earliest settlers came in search of religious freedom, that no government could tell a group of believers what to do, thus rebellion from the earliest days, culminating in separation from the homeland and a historical separation of church and state. Land was wrested from resident Indians, and this very rich land led settlers to move west in a stubborn, restless search for Nirvana, under no man's thumb.
stuck down hard in your fkd unit!
But the plot unfolds to show that Kowalski's neighbours are as racist as he is, and in fact he not only redeems his own character, but becomes a heroic figure in his neighbourhood by taking on the gangs and, at the same time, taking Thao, his neighbour's son, under his wing. How 'racist' is he really? Kowalski's most vicious scorn is reserved for the white boy who wears his cap backwards and tries to talk 'black' to the black kids. Kowalski rightly calls him a p*ssy for failing to stick up for his girlfriend.
Most people really do not like these models due to the claws and such, however I think that they beautiful models. So full of character, and different from many of the sculpts past and since.
It's in league with the mirror
The service road was in sight but there was still the huge hill behind it that we’d have to run up to get to the safety of the house. Everything was happening so quickly. I knew we wouldn’t be able to get up that hill faster than the moose. The animal was already only about ten yards away from us.
To him, this scene seemed propaganda.
Quote: “I was saying boo-urns.”
This seems to be a pretty out-of-the-way place. Probably not too many people come by and look at this façade – but someone went to a lot of effort to make it beautiful. Here’s the ceiling inside the passageway that leads from the courtyard to the next street.
Bracelet: Nialaya
a sheet of flexible polymer matrix comprising a first surface and an opposite second surface, and a carbon nanotube array comprising a plurality of carbon nanotube bundles embedded in the sheet of flexible polymer matrix,
I am currently staying at home as a mom for the next 9 weeks, but on October 6th, I go back to my regular job as a Senior Assistant to the VP of Marketing of a Pharmaceutical Company.. not what I went to school for but I LOVE my job.. I get paid very well as an assistant and my boss completely rocks.
Israeli political sociologist Avishai Ehrlich explained to me that despite Shas's apolitical and strictly religious facade, the voters who support the party are fundamentally as hawkish (if not more so) than the supporters of Likud. Shas knows this, and as such represents the vocal interests of this community. (This realization comes after seven years of malevolent anti-Arab rhetoric from the party's spiritual leader, Rabbi Ovadia Yosef, language that was largely dismissed as the ramblings of a religiously brilliant but hopelessly bigoted blind man.)
- The Clippers’ playoff beards. And James Harden’s best in the biz.
What I like best here is we have a MUCH clearer sense of voice now. Read the first version. Then read this. You'll see.
Yesterday was a dreich, damp day here. Morning fog barely dissolved into low-hanging mist and fine drizzle, shrouding the hills and beading every branch with drops of water. For once, however, this ‘fine soft weather’ (as drenching rain is called in the West Highlands) seemed not melancholy to me, but promising. It really did feel ‘soft’: there was no icy edge to it for the first time in several months. It smelled of spring.
Athlete
StudioScapes is the third project and Chapter 6 starts right now! All artists participating in The Pulse were asked to submit a photograph of a favorite art-related vignette from their home or studio.
Holy CRAP you guys!!
4. My first two children are from a previous relationship of 7 years which ended in disaster and a long drawn out custody battle. He is completely out of the picture now which is a good thing. I am married to my husband who is the father of my youngest child and to my seven year old, he is her father. She doesn't know differently and I really don't know how I will deal with telling her if she does question it some day. My oldest daughter calls him by his first name and not dad. Too wierd - I know. We were married in Vegas which was very cool. We have a very rocky relationship but we're working on it. I've come to the realization that I have way more issues to deal with than I thought and losing this weight has brought a lot of them to the forefront and I am seriously working at them.
Surely we should give up all our material comfort and go help them?
New Yorker captions are due Wednesday before midnight.
Imagine all the heartfelt praises
Duran Duran Wild boys US
This young man so sees the bigger picture. He sees the miracle in himself. Despite what we may suffer, the limbs we may be born without ... or lose in wartime ... we are all miracles. We have purpose. We matter.
In the midst of preparing for the work week, I did manage to find a few moments to get some crafting in! I decided to try something that I've not done before and I was so extremely happy with the turn out.
While we were hiking (or not, as the case may be) at Point Lobos on Saturday, an electrical storm came up off the ocean and swept over us rather suddenly. It was the first time I have actually been afraid to be outside in a storm. It was CLOSE. We saw lightning strike the hills not far off. The park rangers were driving around saying over their speaker systems, "the safest place to be right now is in a parked car - not under a tall tree." We were running back to our cars during pretty much the whole storm, though. We got pelted with big, fat raindrops and were soaked by the time we made it back. And by then the lightning had ended as well. Thankfully, none of us got zotted. It was quite the adventure! After that we drove back to Asilomar and dried off and ate lunch at the very nice living room connected to Mom & Dad's room.
Day 17: Do you feel your child is watching over you?
…7….8…..9…….10 Exclaims Joshua, and off he goes looking for Owen.
Wallace, from Street And City Photos emailed me a lovely little note today, and it prompted me to look around his blog. Fantastic stuff! I love the realness of the subjects, how they're not perfect human specimens, not all of a single age group or gender, or adherents to a particular style. They're just interesting to look at, or have some quality that makes them stand out... And of course, the interesting people aren't just awesome subjects without a really good photographer behind the lens!
You need to post that people can vote for your blog nominations! I thought those were awards you ALREADY won...you could have tens of thousands of votes if people knew they could vote - cuz you ARE everyone's favorite!!! - Semblance
I have honestly, always always believed that the success of a photography business rides on how well a photographer does two things:
It's all mostly demos. High-quality ones, that ultimately would have gone to make up an album.
Finally, finally, the birds have found the window feeder! Well, one of them, a female sparrow. She has been coming for the past couple of days. I thought she was so pleased with her conviently located (around the corner from the eaves of the house/my other bedroom window where a host of sparrows live) food jackpot that she was keeping it to herself. But then this morning there was another sparrow, too! I am so happy! I also have the feeling that with all the sparrows around, I may be soon feeding my own army of winged minions.
And am I wrong to worship where
No obsessing over how many days it has been since my last post.
As I walk through into the living room, I look at my old and crappy orange typewriter. Beside it lays sheets of A4. Stacked with all the lines that have been falling from my head lately. Stories about love, the stars, unknown faces and whatever else takes me fancy. I begin to pour myself a drink.
are most precarious,
Turn mixture out in the prepared tin and push firmly, flatten with the wooden spoon (or wet hands).
Maybe someday I’ll find the words to mend the hurt I caused.
Koda Kumi – Poppin’ Love Cocktail ft. TEEDA (Out of all the songs Kuu released this year (and there were a lot), this song has surprisingly become my favorite. Majority of the lyrics in this song are full of lulz, and yet I can listen to this song on repeat for hours. It’s just such a great pop song.(had to post the live version. Sorry.))
Authorities say the woman was forced into a vehicle at gunpoint and later sexually assaulted by two men. She was then shot and left for dead in a field.
A) Mr. and Mrs. John Doe (traditional)
“I was brought from a state of innocence and freedom, and in a barbarous and cruel manner, conveyed to a state of horror and slavery.” QOC
The group, led by Freddie Mercury, quickly gained a reputation as being one of the best Live Concert bands in Music History.
I have used the new set called Flourished Verses. This is such a great versatile set to have in your arsenal of stamps! I used the Faux Letterpress technique for my background squares within the large white square. I inked up the Cuttlebug Preserves folder with Bordering Blue ink and then ran it through my Cuttlebug. Then I sprayed the inked/embossed paper with Marshmallow Glimmer Mist and when it dried I cut into squares. I loosely followed the sketch challenge from this week at SCS. Instead of the oval in the center of the card I chose to use this great Spellbinders birdcage! Then I added the little banner across the top with embroidery thread and freehand cut triangles for the TLC this week. The sentiment is cut with a Spellbinders rectangle and the large white square frame was done with two Spellbinders squares. The bird is part of the same birdcage set. I added the rhinestones and the more Marshmallow Glimmer Mist to complete the card.
Sleep habits: Anna has been sleeping with me the past few nights, so I haven’t been sleeping very well. It’s hard when you have 3 year old legs and arms jabbing into your sides all night. Other than that, I’ve been sleeping fairly well. In fact, this past weekend I managed to sleep in ‘til 9 a.m. on Saturday AND Sunday. I can’t remember the last time I slept that late. It was glorious!
Whether your wedding is casual or formal, you should still follow the basic format for your invitation wording: host line, request line, bride and groom’s names, wedding date and time, location line and attire (if desired).
**But he loves me so much too. He constantly tells us that he loves us and is the kissing-est little thing. He and Lance are truly best friends right now but he will not admit to that in front of me. He says, "We're all best friends. We're a familwy."
5. Place half of the rice mixture into the casserole dish, cover the bottom of the dish and up the sides, pressing it firmly into a bottom layer. Layer in the meat mixture and sprinkle mozzarella on top (saving some to sprinkle on top). Top with the remaining rice mixture and spread it until even. Top with the remaining tomato sauce, bread crumbs and cheese.
Though most people in Timor-Leste speak Tetum by adulthood, many have a tenuous grasp of the language during their first years of schooling.
More Sponsors Than A District 1 Tribute
Second, television and films. Need I say more? I think we’ve all noticed that best sellers read like they’ve been written to be made into an action/thriller movie. And if they are, then they’re actually composed with different elements in mind than a writer puts into a story made for reading only.
published by Woman’s Weekly, mostly crime. No, I don’t have that number etched on my brain – it’s just that last year a great opportunity arose to sell some of these serials on and it was in my interest to make a tally of them.
want to work with Lidia Yuknavitch.
Could we handle the situation? Our Ex's getting married next month? Was it too embarrassing to find ourselves inadvertently part of a wife swap? Did we really care? How could we manage the children?
and went on down the hall, spraddle-legged, with its wings kind
What makes me say this? It is a harsh statement, after all, and deserves some explanation.
Even before he ran for president, it would have been entirely possible for Obama to get to where he was without ever having to prove who he was. In the real world where you and I live we need ID, but Obama operated in a rarefied, radical, left wing, anti-racist world where to ask a black person for proof of citizenship would be tantamount to heresy.
As this was happening, Wifesy said to her boss-doctor:
Let’s consider the opposite case. I remember, watching the director’s commentary on The Empire Strikes Back (Greatest Sequel of All Time), how Irvin Kershner spoke about his emphasis for directing the film: character. (In fact, it was he who awoke me to this central fact about successful sequels.) He reasoned that people who come to watch a sequel care about the characters, and therefore the central element in his movie would be the relationships between the characters, developing the love story between Han and Leia and focusing on Luke’s growth toward maturity. The arc, and emotional draw, of the story is essentially this: characters about whom we care are in trouble. You are invested in the sequel because you care about the characters. You care about what happens to them. You enjoy watching them get into and out of trouble together. And the satisfaction of the film (and its re-watchability) is that spending time with the cast is like visiting with friends whose company you enjoy.
Soon, more and more of “them” arrived, and we all found ourselves in my unconscious father’s room- our fingers intertwined, as we stood in a circle around the bed, and prayed.
Fr. Ron
It is possible that most of us suffer from this terrible affliction - our bodies running away from the soul, mostly because we are very confused. We are not sure which one is which - 'who' is running the show at this very moment - therefore the 'split soul.' Only when we connect with our 'Inner Self' and therefore to Nature - we can recognize 'the other' for what it really is.
Despite trying to stop, when a passenger in a car or train, I often look around and think about good places murderers might hide bodies.
In the fourth image I did a change to the photo by cropping out the chair in the photo. I think this change just enhances the photo. I revised the file name as ZakeyaMurphys Peedy My Change
Well, I chose to ingore that second group of people. I'm a little stubborn, and I refused to believe that agents remember every single query they reject. I was positive that my letter and/or my opening had been the problem in the first go-round, and with my spit-polished versions, I could reclaim any chances they'd cost me.
They dance, oh, they danced till they bled… There were green
Vaughan is right to an intuit a lack of enthusiasm for the great game of rugby in me. I enjoyed kicking an oval ball round the backyard as a kid, but when the time came to commit to a winter sport I was swayed by the superior footwear and relatively light tackling of the round ball sport, and joined the Papakura Association Football Club. My choice might have saved me from cracked ribs and hypothermia, but it exposed me to ridicule at school, where the sport contemptuously known as 'soccer' was regarded as the preserve of 'wooses' and 'Poms'. I've never been serious about making the All Blacks, but for the record, and in case John Wright's successor as coach of the New Zealand cricket team is reading this post, I'd like to say that I am still available for the Black Caps. I know I might be getting a bit long in the tooth, but if I were selected for the forthcoming tour of the West Indies I'd still be younger than Herb McGirr was on his international debut.
The recently completed residence of Mr. and Mrs. E. Nagle was ablaze with light and brilliancy last evening. The occasion was a house warming party with which they signalized their occupancy of the new structure. No very elaborate exterior decorations were attempted. Chinese lanterns strung about the lawn alone giving a gala appearance to the surroundings.
I have always got back up, after every fall of mine,
The first broad bean plants are ready to go in at the allotment- they've been moved to the shelving just outside the greenhouse, along with some onions and shallots that have been started off in cells. We planted about 15 rows of onions at the allotment in the Autumn and they've overwintered down there. These will fill in any gaps that there are, and maybe make another row. I also picked up some onion sets in Home Bargains last week which J will put into cells this week.
I also like to identify the fields of photography. This helps myself and the photographer. I know what skill set they need, and it allows me to target photographers who can teach me skills I am interested in learning (like studio, location, product, celebrity portraits, commercial, etc.). If I am looking for a specific experience I can target the photographers in that field of interest.
A partridge in a black sea.
But I will never let go of your heart
Whenever people have asked me if I've read David Copperfield I've always said yes, but never felt easy about doing so: it feels like part of my psyche - especially my writing psyche - but it's so long since I read it, and I was only a child, surely it can hardly count; surely if I read it again I'd find it a completely different experience from the one I remember?
Another random bit of family history came to me this week from my dad's sister: "You may not know this bit of family trivia, but your great grandmother, when she came to America as John's wife, was unable to bring much with her. She did however bring a tea pot and teaspoons and some linen napkins. I'm sure she was horrified when she saw the Nebraska home where she was supposed to live and raise a family. Probably having things from England helped her to adjust."
Rusty Dolleman
First off, yes. This basic plot device has been used before: aliens who come to Earth and take control of our bodies. But really, most interesting plot devices have been used before. As long as it’s interesting and the author’s spin is unique and fun, I don’t care.
I also stopped off and Primark and brought a new head band which i was planning on wearing out last night but i forgot to put it on cause we were in a rush :(, i think i am going to wear it for work monday now just so i can say i've worn it cause i love it so much lol :).
"Well, well, well. After I mentioned the possibility of other bird species being slaughtered, I got the following blurb in an email:
And at the end, just when he has finally won out, and I'm ready to go to bed with a cup of herbal tea . . .
More problematic, however, is Roberts' continuing whitewashing of what she actually wrote at the time the case broke: "People want to conflate the crime and the culture. They want to say a crime did not happen, so therefore the culture that existed around that party did not happen."
We get up on Christmas morning to open Santa Claus presents and stockings. A Christmas Story is on the TV in the background.
You’re my little cuthulu
So, it's no wonder that Bart gets it wrong when he thinks that on the opposite side of the globe to his feet are the Ethiopian's. Bartolomeus was english, though he wrote his book at Magdeburg, in Saxony.
We had an appointment with the oncologist immediately afterward. He was going to go over the preliminary results with us. We got to the office and the FRIGGIN LIGHTS WERE OUT! Door locked. There are a lot of windows in the door and around them. Very obvious that no one was home. It was one of those experiences where you go, "What the heck?" and you try to open the door, even though you know your actions are futile.
Oslo, Norway
Paradise eternal, we’re so free
And suddenly, my little world was left in your wake.
Second Edition products are afflicted with a fetish for standardized presentation, and Cities of Bone is no different. It feels like everything starts with an official template for required information. For example, in the Campaign Guide (32 pages), every area has the following categories: Ruler, The Court, Population, Features of the City, Major Products, Armed Forces, Major Mosques. Even if it's a ruin which is occupied by undead and obviously doesn't need such schematic presentation. Example: Ysawis, City of the Dead; Population:
not really, the me whos kind of calm and chill.
And finally, these sterling silver "hinged" hoop style earrings in sterling silver. I've had these horseshoe shape wire wrapped components on my table for MONTHS now but couldn't perfect the ear wire. Finally, at last I have it! Victory! Yes, this one is worth celebrating!
I just wanted to share this Thanksgiving favorite with you. Any book that has a game called "Pricilla, Where Art Thou?" based on John Alden and Priscilla Mullins has got to be worth something!
Jeff: "Dunno man, there's no date that's for sure,"
I can tell you that you WILL find your answers from God and reading His Word, the Bible.
ELDERFLOWER MARTINI (makes two cocktails)
Meantime seem to have a few of their bottles fon the shelves of M&S (and Sainsburys) currently, the two mentioned above, the London Porter, and now also a limited addition Barrel Aged Greenwich Hospital Porter. It comes in a cardboard tube, corked again, 750mls and 6%.
Don Juan. Casanova. Libertine. Ladies’ man. We call him many things these days, all names with an element of fabulosity and flair rather than flawed falsehood. Romance novels often glamorize and immortalize this foul fellow: Womanizer, play-boy, lecher, rake, rogue, cad. He sounds fascinating and fiery, free-thinking, and fearless.
I have decided to invent a new type of poetry*, another variation on the haiku. I will call it the shrieku. Each line will consist solely of modulated shrieks, and of course it will follow the five syllable/seven syllable/five syllable structure of the haiku. Here's an interesting example of the method that I've just penned:
Cardstock: GinaK Designs
We drove for miles and miles, we drank watery hot chocolate from an airport cafe but that's okay because we also saw the sunset, along with planes take off that had the most golden colour to them. We didn't board a plane, we didn't even welcome anyone home but we did dream of the places we would go, and where we may find ourselves one day. We drove from one end of the city to the other. We sat in silence, we sat laughing, we were content. We did it for no reason at all, other than it made us happy and isn't that enough? It sure is.
Except we know that’s not the case.
Follow this process and you may just have a fulfilling platonic relationship. Or you may just decide you want the sex, in which case, I’m surprised you’ve read this far.
But what does it all mean and, really, is it worth anything? I mean, none of the scripts involved have been optioned or made. There are writers out there with no contest results to their name making films all the time. Well, I suppose for me it does mean something - else I wouldn't waste my time entering. For me it means that I can populate my writing CV which would otherwise be empty with information that a prospective production company can use. It tells them that my script has been through a detailed process of reading by a professional reader; analysis and feedback; is formatted to industry standard and, finally, is worth another read.
I've used the owl stamp from Sarah's Woodland Whimsies stamp set and used, die cuts from Nestabilities, a punched border, punched leaves and used a Dymo labeller to punch out my sentiment.
Cock Robin When your heart is weak US
mountains and sea?
(2) Local Councils
of skin cells
At some point my mom called from my grandfather’s house and she said that my uncle ME had come to visit my grandfather, and so I walked to my grandfather’s house to greet him.
Pat: I’m still trying to find a traditional publisher, using an agent, for both of my two new books. One is a middle-grade book, and the other is adult literary fiction. If my agent can’t sell them, I’ll probably look at smaller publishers, but I’ll also consider publishing them myself as e-books. I want my material to be read, and it’s clear that e-books are one way to help that happen.
I cheated on the shrub with a dandelion.
Well, this is an interesting article. This article post last January reported on a study done on Twitter. They found that Twitter actually shows regional variation and dialect.
I looked at her with annoyance.
One advantage to watercolor painting on Yupo (plastic) is that you can always make changes. One disadvantage is that the NC Watercolor Society doesn't let you enter paintings done on Yupo. So, I continue to work on paintings such as the first which is on watercolor board.
In June 2008, a simultaneous suicide bombing destroyed five buses in Copenhagen, killing 68 people and wounding 174. Though condemned by all prominent Muslim groups in Denmark, opinion polls made it clear that a significant fraction of Muslims in the country sympathized with the bombers, who had issued martyrdom videos saying that the Danish presence in Iraq and Afghanistan and the MCC had left Muslims ‘no option’ but to strike back. In a pattern seen in the UK after the 7/7 bombings there, Muslim groups became more confident than ever in pressing their demands for concessions of various sorts. Insisting that, however terrible the bombings might have been, they would not stop until Muslims felt their grievances against the Danish state had been addressed, Muslim advocacy groups pushed forward with a series of initiatives designed to drive foreign and domestic policies in directions considered more amenable to Islamic mores.
Rotating toys keeps kids interested and makes them easier to manage. We store our rotated toys in a toy box that we keep in the little ones closet.
and they are probably the same Prospect Park Muckettey Mucks that miss the point… even with their “Food Truck”
And what is even more special about that is that I got to meet her one day, here in Buenos Aires.
The designer and the store’s co-owner Mara Urshel go back to her buyer days at Saks Fifth Avenue, where she championed Mizrahi early on in his career. Together, they have developed an 18-piece collection of ballgowns, sheaths and hourglass silhouettes that will retail from $2,500 to $6,000 at the 35,000-square-foot flagship, which caters to 17,000 brides each year. Mizrahi is particularly excited about the fragile gingham he developed that appears to be a sheer overlay. “There is something wonderfully American classic and chic about it,” he said.
Today we start from Museo di San Marco. The museum occupies the oldest part of the Dominican convent, rebuilt by Michelozzo between 1436-1446. Friar Giovanni da Fiesole, known as Fra Angelico, lived in the convent first in 1387 and then from 1400 to 1455. During those years he enriched the building with a cycle of paintings. The name “Angelico” came from the grace of the friar’s brushstroke, but also from his goodness: the Church, in fact, declared him Beato (Beatus) in 1982. You can start your visit from the chiostro (cloister) and the loggia. Right at the entrance you are introduced to Fra Angelico’s first fresco: San Domenico adoration of the crucifix. Enter the Ospizio dei Pellegrini ( Pilgrim’s hospice) and admire Fra Angelico’s painted work on wooden panels. The colors are just magnificent and so is the use of the perspective, visible even in the small format’s panels. The Sala Capitolare (Chapter Hall) houses the Crucifixion. These are all beautiful works; nothing, however, could prepare you to the view that expects you at the corner of the first flight of stairs leading to the cells: The Annunciazione (Annunciation), just breathtaking! I was personally in awe . . . I cannot even describe it.
I am a baker.
Please send application with a comprehensive CV, a recent photograph, copy of certificate and academic transcript and kindly mark code of the position applied at the email subject - to email address :
Turning to those six demands, that is the purpose of the meeting. We aim to come away framing them, ready then for the long haul of seeing them implemented. A clear set of demands, we feel, will give a clear focus and objective, on which to tackle the decay which is evident in our system of government.
WRITERS’ STATEMENT
Hello sweet readers, yes I have had quite a break from this little old blog, but for good reason, I won't bore you with mundane stuff, lets just say that I needed my head to find a better place and am still working on that :)
Measure all of the ingredients into a microwave-safe bowl and stir just until combined. Microwave on high for 1-2 minutes, or until desired consistency. Top with more pecans and dried cranberries, if desired. Serve immediately.
Christopher Penczack The Shamanic Temple of Witchcraft (2005) Llewellyn
I have a lot to write about but I want to make sure blogger is still working before I pour my heart and soul into this.
4) 5 Los Angeles Clippers @ 4 Memphis Grizzlies, 8:30 pm TNT/LAC 1-0
Obviously some hush-hush experimental train powered by gas.
The butterflies were EI stamps and TH movers and shapers butterflies all coloured with the DIs. I have used TH mini pins and pen nibs for the bodies of the butterflies, and some builder's scrim on the bases. All the products I used are available from the Craft Den.
My husband and I have a custom of standing outside and waving goodbye to our kids when they leave from any family gathering. I've been known to run down the street waving goodbye and shouting, "I love you," as their vehicles grew smaller in the distance.
The plan was put on hold as Santa Monica trustees announced they were “stunned” by the negative reaction to the plan.
What’s the median amount of time respondents spend on memes?
which sums up everything & nothing
The West Coast city of Stavanger, with a population of 126 thousand, has the fourth largest public library in Norway. Since the library is organized as a section within a larger cultural institution (Sølvberget – The Silver Mountain), it does not produce a regular annual report on its own. This means that the library must be excluded from our survey.
I was a 10 year Girl Scout. I have lots of fond memories. Camp Tioga, a 2 week overnight summer camp, was not one of them. The girls in the group shot took themselves way too seriously. My friends and I, on the other hand, toughened it out and tried to have some fun. We were the rotten scouts, life-long friends who turned out alright. These were the most memorable! It was 1965--I was 12 years old.
When they pass out she drenches the old wooden floor in spare gas she finds in their trunks. It´s more difficult to set on fire than she would have thought, but she´s persistent.
I wasn't sure what she meant at first, because it's not a thing you can just understand out of context, but then I looked at my car and noted that the notorious Obama/Biden sticker was GONE.
EDDIE ROSS: Lifestyle Expert
May you have time for artful pursuits this weekend and time to pause for reflection, too.
Why is it that I take such great pleasure from the simplest things in life? And could really care less about material things? I had all that material stuff once. And walked away from it.
Sir Isaac
Forever in my heart
- Hand cream 75 mL 2 for $7.00 or $3.99 each (Herbacin)
Order Renegade Magic:
Why am I so tired, my soul so drained
Whatever the frequency is.. its showing as a quick flash into the high RF.. and as the flash intensity increases .. so does its geometric modulation appearance on the screen — ultimately the higher and more frequent the flashes = the stronger and longer lasting the storm that comes to the flash.
I had the most amazing experience last week as we watched our last $1270 come into our grant. We were contacted by an anonymous donor, who wanted to help push us to our goal. They offered us a $500 matching grant and within hours it was met. Mid-Friday morning we were funded. It was so much fun to watch and be a part of that the anonymous donors contacted me, again, and said, "Who's next?"
-Hayley Lovell
So, with that in mind, let’s look at this word “contentment.” In the English dictionary it means, to be “mentally or emotionally satisfied with the way things currently are.” It’s almost the idea of “whatever;” or “It’s all good.”
“Oh, was that the old Naboom town? It is black… Pitch black!”
Star Cup Get Gold on Augment Cup and Annual Cup
And finally, the right side of the layout. We had to buy Dean new Keens this week and they arrived Thursday. A piece of the box made a nice insert. I finished a great book on Wednesday (Cleopatra's Daughter) and printed out a photo of that along with a "1 of 24" sentiment flag - you may remember from Week 1 that I set a goal to read 24 books in 2012. I also created a little pull-out envelope to hold some important receipts from this week (the Vitamixer, Dean's Keens, as well as a few other purchases for the house). We had a family game night Friday night and spent a fun afternoon at Kamehameha III Beach Park Saturday for a baby luau (first birthday party). I also captured a photo of Dean playing on one of the Kindle Fires this week and created a little collage of some of his favorite Kindle Apps, which I think will be fun to look back on years from now.
My plan is to discover if I can upload my wip onto my Kindle. Accompanied with a notebook I am just going to read, keeping short notes like ‘grammar on p135' or ‘does Ama always have …’ or ‘add a gun on the mantle’ etc. I need to get through it asap to get a good sense of the flow, not easy when DS has short sleeps and is always on my mind.
- 2 large eggs
2x $1/2 Lysol mq
Today Uncle Pauly took us out for a treat bless him, and today was a very special day because you had your first Nandos – you’re a little ‘Nandino!’ It’s the 1st time I’ve picked something off of a menu for you as well. Well… you helped me pick as you were launching the menu about the place! And of course it wouldn’t be a Nandos without your Uncle Kevlar who was there to join in as well.
MWM was clearing out the understairs cupboard and found a lovely bowl I forgot I had so, to put it to good use, on Friday I bought some hyacinth and minature daffodil bulbs to put in it. The daffs flowered on Sunday, I'm still waiting for the Hyacinths but they should be out soon.
I'm slightly nervous about the whole set-up at the weekend. We've been told we are singing on a portable stage; the side of a lorry I believe. We know we have an hour's set on the Saturday from 1pm but I notice that day there will also be a choir competition involving many of the primary schools from our area. We have kept the same programme for this weekend which we used in the concert for the local WI (I couldn't make it; on holiday) which is basically a number of show tunes. So I have this vision of all these sweet children singing Little Donkey and then us bunch of old farts belting out Razzle Dazzle. I fear it could all go terribly wrong. Thankfully I'm in the chorus so I'm hoping to hide at the back with a woolly hat and shades.
And that’s how they win their kingdom.
i told him, “son, do you realize that it takes some guys like 40 years to realize that is the best possible thing you could say to a woman when she is feeling overwhelmed? you may be 11 years old, but in my book, today is the day you became a man.”
Morgen: What have you had published to-date? Do you write under a pseudonym?
Other precautions that you should take when you have gestational diabetes include carrying a card or another item that identifies you have diabetes and what type of insulin you are taking. The worse case scenario is you passing out and the people who come to help you need to know that you are diabetic. Make sure people at work and your family members are aware of your condition and know what warning signs to look for if you need help and when to bring your some juice or something else to eat.
Yes, you read that right, they cleaned the house.
Who were God’s chosen people? The Israelites.
So was it cultural diffusion or population replacement?
It is like going to hairdresser for a haircut and coming away with advice on how to style your new hair and no cut.
when I look at you, things are left unsaid.
Celery Salt. Looks old. Can’t remember the last time I used it. Can’t find the expiration date but it does have the price on it. $1.43. That in itself is telling. Since spices can now cost more than a quick drive through the fast food line.
…And I’ve got this poem. I wrote the notes for it while I was living in Barcelona. One night listening to a bass player, I jotted it down, and last week I finally got round to working on it. Only about 4 years later. I so need a permanent home! I also started working on a melody and have done several recordings. It isn’t yet a song, but I love it and want to share it. It’s something new I have to say. So here it is.
Preheat the oven to broil. Stir together the parsley, butter, Parmesan, oregano, thyme, pepper flakes, garlic and salt in a bowl.
List of other big-money contributors to the IOM
closer to a chartreuse than it looks in the photo. And I’m
In addition, new workshops in our sister conferences include Visual Arts, Digital Film-Making, Acting, Poetry and more, all of which will provide enormous enrichment and crossover opportunities.
So, yeah, not sure why I feel like I need to let you guys in on the mundane and boring conversations that go on between the Bubba and I, but basically, he can see the future, I'm crazy and my Crazy leaked out all over the tomato transplant situation to the point where I custom designed plant tags for everything, laminated them, built a support site to gather pictures and tomato seeds and other people's Crazy and holy hell if it's not all the way out of control and so super fun that I'm feeling like an extra big nerd.
They inspire me,
Madigan has introduced three different versions of this bill — one taking only the schools’ portion, one taking everything except money going to Chicago and another taking all of the tax money. The money would be turned over to the Teachers’ Retirement System as part of state government’s annual contribution to pensions for public employees. The state has to come up with $5.1 billion for pensions next year.
If a certain item is used by multiple children (such as a video, dvd, book), then we have a box it goes in, and in that workbox/file folder, we have a photocopy of that item and the kids know where to go to get the item. We are not heavily into worksheets, as we like literature based curriculum.
With my big lunchbox and with help from my friends
Quiet
"Someone worth talking to," Mad Hatter replied while refilling his teacup.
‘We welcome it, but we are wary. They need to specify something different than miniature ITV stations, they should insist on a model that is democratically run by local people and accountable to them. But will they?
Black clouds, writing or mechanical, can also be considered signs. I’m a great believer in signs. If my path is blocked, I take it as a signal that I should go another way. I don’t know who or what is sending that signal; it could be anything from my own subconscious to the great universe. Whatever the case, I’ve had enough experience ignoring signs that I try to listen.
I have reviewed the entire run of The Wild Wild West series at Eye of Polyphemus. It is one of my childhood favorites. It seems only fair to review this travesty of a film adaptation for the sake of thoroughness. Whether you like the original series, if you enjoy this movie, I probably do not like you as a person.
Tuesday, April 5 - Republic New Orleans - New Orleans, LA
I've wondered what my future holds and to be honest, I don't know. I know who holds it, and that God and I have to trust in him to take care of myself and my family. I tend to worry too much and over analysis a lot of things and I think that's one of the reasons why I suffer with my eating (acid reflux) and with my anxiety of late. It's been really, really bad! And in one way, they are both effecting each other. Mainly since I am having a lot of anxiety, especially lately, I take a Xynax that has been prescribed by my doctor. Then later on at night, I've been having acid reflux come up or at least a horrible, nasty taste, that now that I think about it, taste very similar to the Xynax when it dissolves in my mouth just a little bit. A very bitter taste that's way in the back of my throat and makes me go running ( or as close to running as this LP can go anyways) to somewhere where I can get rid of it quick! Water, Pepto, Gum..anything! I absolutely hate this! I've been having trouble enjoying even eating my "safe" foods and I am tired of them as well. So I know I should probably cut back on the Xynax, but each and every-time I do, something happens that makes me pop one of those puppies and try to get rid of the horrible throw up feeling/heart racing/yuckiness that I feel when I get one of my attacks. (Like today for instance.) I am concerned that tonight will be another night where I am miserable.
This is one of those pictures where the cast is let down by a weak script and a less-than-talented director.
The 37th in the series of A to Z visits by Afro-IP's Kingsley Egbuonu to national IP office websites reaches the landlocked West African republic of Niger -- one of the poorest countries in the world, beset by major problems of drought and desertification. This is what Kingsley found:
1/2 cup chopped arugula (another omited item in mine)
I bought it :D
I popped up the playful piece. That piece just fits my father in law's personality. He was playful... an unmerciful tease. I added a few pieces to balance out my corner.
We're MOVING! HOORAY! The condo life is over! We're moving into a Pleasant Grove home at the end of this month and we could not be more excited!! We've lived in our condo for two years, and although the payment has been nice, we have not really enjoyed it.
p.s. i think nelli and nico need a play date :)
The big grey rat ran as fast as he could. Then he thought how very tired he was getting. "What's the use of hurrying?" he said to himself. "The little brown beetle can not possibly win. If I were racing with somebody who could really run it would be very different." Then he started to run more slowly but every time his heart beat it said, "Hurry up! Hurry up!" The big grey rat decided that it was best to obey the little voice in his heart so he hurried just as fast as he could.
Honorable mention: Alameda Brewhouse Portland El Torero Organic IPA American Style IPA Buzz: "90 IBUs"
This is why I have decided to take this course of action.
My art background definitely influenced this book. At home we had books about medieval and Renaissance art, and I was fascinated with certain pictures when I was little. Hieronymus Bosch’s GARDEN OF EARTHLY DELIGHTS was one of these, with its weird figures and animals in an otherworldly landscape.
This is a close up of the decoupage, which I cut out by hand. I wasn't so sure at first about cutting out my own decoupage but with a good pair of little scissors, it is fine and the results look stunning!
This Sunday, April 25, 2010
it’s Saturday and we plan to work in
Our current table was a hand me down from my parents and while it was a fine table it was pretty beat up. If you read this post then you know that I got a great deal on some new kitchen chairs last year.
04 - Satisfied Man 05:47
Unlike the famed cherry blossoms in Washington DC, or even in Japan, on the northwest British Columbia coast, sometimes delicate cherry trees are thriving beside soaring old growth trees that have stood for several hundred years. Boughs of tissue-thin, cherry blossom branches dance ballet-like in the wind, against rough, mossy wide girth of Douglas firs.
I smeared some paint on the heart, and wiped it away, did a little sanding on it, and it turned out pretty close to what I had wanted ... Surprise surprise !
*He's really enjoying this warm weather we're having. Since he was born in October, he hasn't really gotten to be outside at all, but we've had some warm weather lately, (80 degrees yesterday) and we're trying to take advantage of it. He had his first trip to the park yesterday while I was off, (a post on that soon) and he really enjoyed being outside. I'm really looking forward to more days like that.
Ok, maybe I’m being a little dramatic but the possibility the town could be a giant fireball by morning is high. April 30th is known as “Maienstecken” here in Germany. Also known as the “Witches Night.” Halloween sound familiar?? What does this mean? It basically means to take/hide/move things. There is no literal translation but the meaning is that the children (ages from 7-18 approximately) get together and go around their town causing chaos hidden under the dark blanket of the night sky.
For weeks, NEXT held the nation spellbound by publishing secret cables, courtesy of Julian Assange’s WikiLeaks, from American embassy officials in Nigeria to the State Department officials, in the process showing just how vacuous and how lacking in judgment most of Nigeria’s policy makers are.
I'm not sure the big city is the place for dogs.
This is the best part:
How sweet is this proposal video? This spontaneous moment feels just as romantic as a dramatic gesture.
Of course, saying yes to review a proposal on a topic that you find somewhat-to-very interesting doesn't mean the proposal will be good (or very good). And, unless you have reviewed proposals and/or manuscripts by the PI/coPIs before, you may not know in advance whether it is likely to be well written or not.
Among the other growth at the Lion Brewery, its offices have moved to Laird Street in Wilkes-Barre.
13. "Road Man" by Smash Mouth.
- My Wife says: WHY ISN’T HOARDERS ON????
Ms. Morris was the only eyewitness to the crime and her testimony did not implicate Selsor. The evidence against Selsor instead was based on his and Dodson’s confessions as presented through the testimony of two police officers, Officer Evans, a major crimes investigator for the Santa Barbara, California Police Department, and Officer Roberts of the Tulsa Police Department.
David delivered an interesting speech which explored the possible consequences of the people of Scotland voting for independence from the UK in the referendum which is planned to be held north of the border in autumn 2014. A yes vote would have all manner of interesting effects on the rest of the UK, both domestically and internationally, the meeting was told. See here for an interesting article by David on this theme.
Leksjone 9 med tema Perfect Pearls <U+2665>
Also, he expects me to remember conversations down to the detail that he does. Say I’ll be typing on the computer one evening, and he’ll say something like, “I know the perfect Christmas present for my sister!”
but I've memorized better:
Seriously, why didn't I get on the maxi train sooner? They're like pajamas, but appropriate in public. And when you're a mom, that's where it's at. Good thing they're trendy for Fall, too. Otherwise I would just look awkward, because I'm planning to live in these babies.
03. Up All Night
Beyond that, I think you're wasting your time and talent if you don't try to branch out and move forward.
5. Upon proof of claim that the charge was the result of a lawful investigation unmarred by prejudice.
After high school I went to art college and I guess you can say that artists are rarely conservative thinkers. Art is often about challenging boundaries, whether one’s own or society’s. Nice and pretty art has its place but it doesn’t say much. Art is often political. Just ask those who have been incarcerated over time for their writing or paintings or performances. But that’s another post.
And it is another year after I last updated that and I still feel the same. Not much has changed between us, and that is kind of discouraging, but I still feel the same and I won’t fight it, deny it, or ignore it. All I can do at this point is try to control it. It’s hard, because feeling the way I do for you I just want to show you all the time, and that is the one thing I can’t do. You will run, as you have in the past. You will get spooked and crawl deeper into that shell. What do I do? I guess I just live my life, carry these feelings, and wait and see.
For my readers who are gun hobbyists, I will caution you, I am DELIBERATELY simplifying this stuff.
It was very pretty............ there are some days where I wish so much my Grand Mother was still here so I could talk crochet with her...
Prepare yourself for this awesomeness...
"We expect that six to eight wells to be drilled in Namibia's waters in the next 18 months, the highest number in Namibia's exploration history," he said.
Me - Darn!
The influence of female writers, directors, producers on classic film noir: Lupino, Harrison, Van Upp, Frings, Kellogg. 300-word proposals, brief cv by 15 March 2011; Mark Osteen (mosteen@loyola.edu).
Fellow Revolution Wheels driver Max Utting enjoyed a successful tarmac rallying debut as he drove his Subaru Impreza N12b to 16th overall. Utting, who had never driven his Subaru on tarmac before, ensured that he finished the rally in order to gain as much experience as possible and had indeed been even higher up the leader board until a puncture cost him precious time. This weekend was a massive learning curve! Not only had I never driven the car on tarmac before but I was also using a new notes system! I loved the rally and the notes worked very well so it was a success!
I love to watch this movie over the holidays, but I’ve found when I’m going through a tough time or I know I’m in need of a serious change in my life and I end up watching this movie, I’m crying like a baby when Diana starts singing “Home.” Then I need someone to pick me up off of the floor by the end of Lena Horne’s song, “Believe in yourself.”
AND to complement them we have teamed up with the fabulous Crafters Workshop. I just love their stencils and have used them for a long, long time. I feel they are the best in the industry and I am over the moon to work alongside them. As is totally me, they are all hand drawn, for the eclectic look that I love.
-learn to surf
One of my favorite shows: How I Met Your Mother. I watched loads of TV as a kid but as I got older I began to think of it as a distraction. I couldn’t help but feel guilty when I sat down to watch it. I couldn’t relax and would find something that I thought was more productive to do. Nonsense.
Last week I discovered a message on facebook. By "discovered" I mean that it sat unnoticed in the dreaded "other" section of my messages. But I found it and I read it and I was stunned.
After a couple of searches on the internet (thanks Google!) I discovered that I was preparing the pans wrong. Angel food and chiffon cakes rely on the whipped egg whites for their height, and if you grease the pans (which I was doing, like I normally do for regular cakes), the cake has nothing to grip onto for stability while rising. And so it will collapse. Aha!
Before we get started with a new month of challenges, I have an October update and an introduction. Remeber you have until Saturday night at 10 pm EST to play along with all of the October challenges to increase your chances of winning one of two sponsored prizes.
You know, it would be cool if I could figure out how to post the widget that links me to the rest of the people who are blogging about the conference during the conference. Oh well, I'll try to figure it out again later.
Bad luck: Your iPod breaks.
“It is also the kind of thing that arises from vanity on a scale well beyond the political norm. Gingrich spoke of himself in ludicrously grandiose terms. Edwards charted the size of his crowds and the volume of their applause the way a day trader watches the Dow.
as our East Coast minds told us that time of the morning was just
The other night, I was sitting at a coffee shop, zoning out while I decided what to work on next, and I was struck with the sudden realization how random and no-holds-barred "writing mode" can be. There really is no telling where an inspired brain will travel next.
How did you score?
10 Just About To Lose It
I should be receiving this package soon.. at least I think and HOPE so. :)
My big dog is a purple cow. Not really. He's only about 125 lbs, and tri-colored (called Irish spotted). But he is a great purple cow if you're talking about something different and remarkable. A few things make him a great purple cow. Disclaimer: I love my dog. This list might be biased.
“It’s shameful that people living within 2km can stop a proposed wind turbine but they can’t do anything about a coal mine proposal outside their front door.
As ever, nothing moved particularly quickly in the church but a steadily growing influence of tractarian thought saw an increase in worship practices which were deemed to be ‘other than’ those authorised for use in the Book of Common Prayer. Chasubles; stoles, bells, thuribles and incense, mixing water with the wine and facing east, all practices which became widespread and led to the passage of the Public Worship Regulation Act 1874 which sought to bring dissenters to order. Following a number of high profile prosecutions under the act, most notably of the Bishop of Lincoln in 1890, it was evident that the act was not working and that the church probably needed to reorder its liturgy and produce a new prayerbook. This process was established by Royal commission in
So I am skiing this weekend with my family in Colorado and my uncle and dad were arguing over how many of the yolks to actually put in the bowl for scrambled eggs. And it’s no surprise, with all the misinformation out there surrounding cholesterol levels, so here I am to put the record straight! Be forewarned that this is a long post, but stick with it as it is full of useful information!
The swing also boasts a volume-adjustable 20 minutes of melodies and nature sounds, an overhead mobile—even an AC adaptor to save on battery expense. And it features the fun and engaging characters of the Sunnyside Safari™ Collection. Start the fun with Bright Starts!™
A special guest:
“You heavens above, rain down righteousness;
I'm not going to act all high and mighty just because I fucking "spread awareness". If I truly wanted to help I'd do a lot more than just tweet about an issue. Sure, the world isn't split into black and white and help is still help regardless of the degree.
I lifted my chocolate milk to him in a kind of salute, and then turned and walked out into the evening air. There was still a knot of barely controlled panic prowling around in my guts, trying to get out, but I could do this. It wasn’t that far, right? How far was three miles? Could I walk that far, really?
Address: 959 SE 6th Ave , Deerfield Beach, FL 33441 (Off of SE 10th St, about 2 miles East of 95)
This will help so I don't partner you up again with the same person ;-)
There's scorn in the scorpion, contempt in the crow
It’s all tied.
C1 Wind On Water
So blend and love and now
Kashmir
I had to put off seeing The Thing for a while because I hadn't yet fallen in love with The Thing... I mean, John Carpenter's The Thing, not the prequel ... OH MY FREAKING GOSH, why did they give a prequel a name that is exactly the same as the movie it's prequel-izing?! Argh. Okay, if I'm going to mention both movies here, maybe this will clear things up: the 1982 film will hereby be called "Thing 1" (because it's the original) and the prequel will be called "Thing 2." Thank you, Dr. Seuss. Onward.
Still the coolest part of my job is getting to interview all the visiting authors who come as part of the American Book Review Reading Series. This week, I talked with Rolando Hinojosa-Smith, the "dean" of Mexican-American letters in Texas. Along with Don Graham, he teaches the Life & Literature of the Southwest classes at the University of Texas, which were begun by the legendary J. Frank Dobie. Hinojosa writes in English and Spanish, has penned over 20 books, and travels extensively being a Texas ambassador for the writing arts.
But more often than not, Pelecanos has a reason for choosing a particular song for a particular scene. The song featured in the previous 2 or 3 lines, "Love the One You're With," is playing on the radio of Derek Strange's black '70 Chevrolet Monte Carlo when the protagonist of What It Was is tempted to cheat on the woman he loves with a sexy client.
“I have no clue!” the angry atheist replied.
Wow….
Environmental groups and coastal scientists have argued for years that the continued development along the U.S. coast is made easier by this subsidized insurance, and that this policy needs to be overhauled. According to The New York Times, now even some prominent climate change skeptics, like Myron Ebell of the Competitive Enterprise Institute, have joined that chorus. Ebell told the Times, “If people want to build an expensive beach house on the Florida or Carolina coast, they should take their own risk and pay for their own insurance.”
2. Greater in value than gold
Any thoughts?? Leave me a comment with a suggestion!
I have heaps of ideas for projects.
Yes, the 24-plank machine-controlled set is a rather ugly and distractingly noisy thing. Yes, Robert Lepage's production suggests someone reliant more on momentary inspiration than on grand overarching vision. And sure, the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra's performance under Fabio Luisi mostly seemed blandly competent rather than inspired. All of this may well start to bug me more in the later, longer installments of Lepage's new production of the complete Ring cycle, if not corrected. For the relatively trim Das Rheingold, however, there were just enough moments of visual splendor—the planks contorting to create a distorted stairwell, for instance, as well as some of the video projections—to satisfy me. And, of course, the opera itself is glorious; its thematic elements—its skeptical view of man's folly, the damaging effects of unchecked power on the human soul, etc.—still come through amidst Lepage's technological gimcrackery, and the music is still as brilliant as ever. For a novice of Wagner's Ring of the Nibelung live, this was fine. Not transcendent, not thought-provoking, and not especially affecting, but fine. We'll see how the rest of this new Metropolitan Opera production shakes out.
We had an apero in a bar opposite the most aptly named gay bar - "Coming Out" - and then wandered up the street to see what the various restaurants had to offer. At the top we turned round and wandered back.
PS... The winner of the Level Up Intro To Photography class is Italia! Thanks so much for entering! And I'll let you know when the class after Christmas is so you can learn how to use your new Christmas Presents!
I guess I'm not disappearing altogether. The proof? I'm sitting here getting ready to post something. That's because shit's happening, and when that is the case, I want to post. So. No I told you so's please. Thank you. First up Serge and Georgie sleeping on the sofa because the one day it was REALLY important for me to sleep, Serge mucked it all up dreaming about something and pawing me in the middle of the night. Then snoring like a mack truck. Ugh. Banished to the sofa the following day.
Spads do operate within certain limits; for instance they can’t get involved in campaigning during elections, but they’re bound by no requirements of impartiality. There’s nothing wrong with that per se, but it means that, effectively, the taxpayer foots the bill so that ministers can receive highly political advice.
Today, with hubby's help, I'm going to see if we can make it happen. Let's just hope the wee one sleeps well today so we can get it done. Will share pics this week if there is success!
The Bar
According to research, Washington wines are distinct due to their intense fruity flavor and aromas.
On the other side you have the action of Pussy Riot recently in Moscow. In Russia, church and state are separated. Still the orthodox church was openly advising on voting for Putin. Pussy Riot performed in an orthodox church to protest against this illegal advise of the church. They got arrested 2 month ago without any bail, and are charged for hooliganism, and can get 7 years of prison for that.
What that meant, of course, is that a lot of people were going to the site. Into the afternoon and evening hours, the site loaded fine. Perhaps TAG moved to a server that was more capable of handling large volumes of traffic. If you couldn't access the site yesterday, try again.
What made you want to become a writer?
Here's comes the bride when he walked through the door
Bahrain has been in turmoil since February last year when protesters demanding democratic reforms took to the streets after successful popular revolts in Egypt and Tunisia.
She, spiritually, into my room
Kat said pressures such as hunting, human encroachment and poaching had sent lion populations in Africa into "free-fall decline". "Revised estimates indicate there could be as few as 500 to 700 left in all of Western and Central Africa."
I've also been designing, erasing, redesigning, erasing, sweeping up the mess of eraser dust, and once again redesigning my next quilt. It is already named but no where near creation yet. It's called "Mama's Got the Blues", and will be an innovative wholecloth using the robins-egg blue tencel I purchased at Houston last year, here's a pic of the fabric:
The medium, they say, is the message. Mobile phone is so possessive that the wives seem liberal and freedom-loving compared to them. You can spend hours on it, speaking to a friend, but imagine what happens when this same friend drops in. You make him sit in the drawing room, with a cup of tea, and are to the balcony, taking on the phone! Luckily, the friend does not mind, for he too is on the call.
Nah, maybe it was the lack of any kind of public presence in the community and the fact that a majority of the clientele were just really crappy human beings. I mean the kind of people who would say things like they would pick their dog over their unborn child and that a good punch to the gut was all she needed to make him happy.
And now I see I'm all alone
As for Craft Beer UK, it appears a producer club rather than beer drinkers club. Just what the industry needs, another trade organisation. If you have a brewery is it worth joining? You have to decide for yourself. Is there a benefit to pooling resources to promote the sector in general or are you better of promoting your own brand on your own? Don’t ask me. What does appear pretty clear is that the membership criterion appears a bit in flux. Yesterday it appeared only open to small brewers making beer the existing members liked. Today it’s a public vote. I guess they have some thinking to do. If I had a brewery I wouldn’t want to join a club that defined “craft” beer as anything that would impede my future business. I might want to build a bigger brewery, expand my market and export at some point. I might rue the day I joined, funded & helped a bunch of upstarts define craft beer in a manner than eventually chucked me out and no longer let my beer be officially “craft” I might see the sense in keeping the definition of the term nicely loose to mean whatever anyone wants it to mean.
The night they came back from 7-0 to beat the Yankees and clinch a playoff spot will go down in history as one of the best nights of baseball ever played. Unfortunately for the Rays, the Rangers had a different idea of who should go onto the ALCS and knocked them out in game 4. Sadly, the Cinderella Story of 2008's Tampa Bay Rays could not be repeated. I have to say its so fun to see my city get pumped up about our teams, whether it's the Rays postseason or the Lightning hockey playoffs (and the Bucs....well...I guess back in 2002 it must have been pretty fun?!)
“Gross,” Zoe says.
I enjoyed reading all the comments. THANKS for visiting my friend's blogs also! I hope you found some new ideas there. I am planning on visiting some new blogs myself and adding to my blog roll.
I think I may have just found my slogan…
This is all grand however the fun part of the May tree is this:
Having your flight delayed by a couple of hours can ‘sometimes’ truly be a blessing in disguise. A couple of weeks ago, on my way back home after vacations and when faced with this predicament, I did what I usually don’t do to counter these kind of situations – buy a book!
however, many who were fortunate enough to experience
This is going to sound awful, but I have long felt that kids' birthday parties are an especially acute form of torture.
128 ***8. “One Introduction to Confucian Thought.” University of Chicago Magazine, Summer 1974, pp. 21-28. Printed with additions, in Item C-1984(1), below. (Source: Item D-I/18(B)/1974, below. Incorporated in Item B-12, above, pp. 89-145. (2002.)
To see about getting a copy of THE BLOODY BEST OF GOREZONE while they last (if they're not gone already), visit Fangoria's website.
I'm not upset that he made that purchase. After all, he is the main provider for this family. And besides it was paid for with the money that Uncle Sam just recently gave back to us after so kindly holding it, interest free, throughout last year. The thing is, after 20 years of never knowing what to give my guy for birthdays or Christmas, I FINALLY had a great birthday gift lined up for him. I knew what he wanted and I had set the funds aside to get it.
Seriously love this band. You can't go to a show of theirs and not have a good time. And if what they say is true it seems like I'll be seeing them (and The Bronx) sometime soon!!
But I had a win next with this lavender and blue flower vintage sheet set. It had two queen sheets and 4 pillowcases. It is so sweet I was inspired to try a pillowcase dress for the first time.
Racing is a full-time job. It involves focus and stamina. Sometimes I think Junior would be content in the middle of Lake Norman with a fishing pole. Think about it. He does everything he can to keep the public away from him. He builds his own bars, keeps graveyards of badly wrecked race cars, won’t introduce anyone to his girlfriend(s). He’s odd. Sometimes it seems like he would rather be anywhere but here. He knows he has a responsibility to fulfill though, so he keeps racing. Maybe that’s why he seems unhappy.
Oh, and that lame spin from the left about the law's repeal being good for democrats and bad for republicans? Wow. Proof positive of democratic over reach and the downfall of Obama's signature achievement due to it's being unconstitutional is going to be bad for republicans, eh? Boy, they really are freaking out over on the left, aren't they? They must be tied up in knots to come up with such ridiculously twisted logic. It's almost a little sad, isn't it?
pattern, but if you sell them online, you must link to this pattern. You may not sell this pattern or claim it as your own. You may publish or post a link to this pattern, but you may not publish or post this pattern in whole or in part.
What does clearing out emails have to do with spirituality and why am I writing about it here on my blog? Isn't it just an example that I'm disorganized?
1: Cleansing- Symbolically wash your hands in water empowered with rosemary, mint, and sage. “Goddess of the Spring / Send your swift breezes / To cleanse my spirit. / Send your laughing waters / To cleanse my mind. / Send your bright fire / To cleanse my heart. / And your pure earth / To cleanse my body. / Let me be remade / Clean and new / In your image / So I might rise again / Like the phoenix in Spring.”
4 ounces tempeh
So what are you waiting for? Roll up your sleeves and lets get to work. Don’t be left behind, and believe me your will. For more information, go to my facebook @http://www.facebook.com/christine.curtess. See you on the other side.
I don’t win out of turn, but when I do, I salute the crowd. Once I got carried away after nosing out a broom-handle-up-her-arse woman in a stiff white power suit, and I made it all the way to the National Gallery before realising I needed to get back to scale.
Still, the potential for problems is widespread. Solar storms have three ways they can disrupt technology on Earth: with magnetic, radio and radiation emissions. This is an unusual situation, when all three types of solar storm disruptions are likely to be strong, Kunches said. That makes it the strongest overall since December 2006.
I also know that all babies are different, and that for some people things like cry-it-out simply don’t work, either because the baby gets him/herself so worked up that they puke, or the mom/dad gets so upset that it’s just not sustainable. But it worked for us, and I think it’s a perfect illustration of the roots-and-wings theory. Raise your child to be secure in their parent’s love and support and they will have the confidence to do anything. That is my ultimate goal. I also think that sleep is the earliest way of setting boundaries and promoting self-sufficiency, which to me is one of the most important things you can do for your child. This is why I don’t understand or subscribe to attachment parenting, although I’m very interested to read about how it works for other people!
The state comptroller's office has halted $16.4 million in personal state income tax refunds, saying it has found 5,903 improper returns among those filed so far this year.
So my inspiration for this came from the fact that breakfast is my favorite meal to cook, coupled with the fact that I love a good breakfast bake that you can make in advance so all you have to do is pull it out in the morning a little while beforehand to take the chill off and throw it in the oven. While this is not entirely the same, it does take some of the hassle out of making a great breakfast for the ones you love and provide them with a fantastic start to their day. Each one of these can be a very, healthy single serving or easily cut in half to serve two along with some bacon or hasbrowns.
(And yes I do have pictures to prove this.)
The Radiant Manifest-Supra-Un-Manifest Hymn and the Journey of Ionicixa within the Three Vertices (Love-Light-Life) of the Equilateral Triangle
You have a warm demeanor, and many people find you to be inviting.
I have heard that a few folks have, in recent years, produced 1 bore rifles as stunts; but I don't think anyone ever actually made them to go after game in Africa... In fact, with a 1 pound projectile at around 1200 feet per second, producing 23,000 ftlbs of energy; when fired from a 20lb gun, I'm pretty sure you couldn't fire one from the shoulder without actually doing damage to yourself. The recoil energy and impulse of such a weapon would be enough to tear your shoulder out of its socket.
The sale went very well, but it was unpredictable. Some items went for a lot of money, others didn't attract a bid. The *star lot* was estimated at £8,000-£10,000 and went for £11,000 hammer price, £12,650 out of the saleroom, so that was very good. A couple of things that didn't meet their reserve have been sold afterwards for slightly less and some more will probably go in the next few days.
I don’t want to go into this in too much detail, but this is the calendar that measures the period coming to an end December 21st 2012. It groups days by factors of 20 into larger measures of time. 20 days is a winal. 18 winal are a tun (360 days). And everything else is a factor of 20. 20 tun = 1 katun. 20 katun = 1 baktun, and so on.
By now, you’ve survived the madness that is San Diego Comic-Con 2010. Sure, there were some pretty cool panels, and some great celebrity appearances, but what you came home with was a ton of interesting stuff. In case you missed something, here’s my guide to some of the most interesting swag at the con and where you can find it now.
3 differences
so scroll down for that peeps!
To do this you will be using the "levels" tool that is found in almost every photo editing software. I will be using Photoshop for this tutorial. If you don't have any photo editing software then I recommend you try picnic which is a free and simple photo editing site (to get to the levels tool on picnic: upload a photo, then click "exposure" and then "advanced").
“Indeed, you must!” stated Mr. Stouthart.
her mom and dad and I sat
One of my favourite parts of working as a realtor is having the privilege of taking photos of Georgina on a regular basis. When I was out updating my listing photos, I couldn’t help but capture the beautiful views.
Sarkozy said that “not to intermarry racially is bad for the survival of the country” why is that “OK” and not “racist” but a White person saying they believe in white racial survival is an “evil racist”?
its own.
3/4 c. sugar
April lays her head back on Ella’s chest. Speaking softly, she says, “And I have a mama, but she doesn’t want me. She gave me to Tucker.”
My regular order: a BLT with egg and cheese without the bacon, and a small royal milk tea
My Mussels were so beautiful, as were the tomatoey base and my hunk of sourdough. Perfection. Only there was no chorizo. And no explanation of my missing chorizo. I was a little devastated, I'll be honest. Unfortunately, we felt that Ben's kofta were under seasoned, a bit bland. But they were still yummy. And my latte was really lovely.
However, I know the part of the package that we see at the station was shot live when the newscast was airing and 11 o’clock, so I know sometimes something is bound to go wrong or be messed up. Just a few words to the wise videographer: use a tripod when you shoot.
After you finish lamenting our world of double standards, in which male nerd-recluse-introvert-hermits are fucked but chick introverts are ever hotter, you will enjoy this bit of Lisabeth Salander. Pay attention to the game in this clip, game so good it gives you wet dreams just imagining it happening to you, as Lisabeth goes from sitting/ doing nothing and drinking to lesbian makeout faster than 4G. I cried last night, wishing I could sit there and have chicks walk up and start macking on my face. The world’s not fair!
Last year, as pay freezes continued for U.S. federal employees, some 4,800 New York-based UN staff received a three-percent pay raise. When Joseph Torsella, Washington’s envoy for UN reform, called for the “inappropriate” salary hike to be rescinded, the independent commission responded by ratcheting up salaries in Geneva, Rome, Paris, London, Tokyo and a score of other cities.
For the record, I love zebra print. I think it is quite possibly one of the most beautiful and enduring graphic prints in existence. However, real zebra hide rugs creep me out. There is just something about seeing the poor animal’s mane and holes where the eyes once were that feels wrong to me. Yes, I eat meat and wear leather, but there’s something about using one of nature’s most beautiful creatures as a rug that doesn’t quite jive for me. I just had to say it.
Since we are talking about Commercial Insurance, we can name ours as “The Top 10 Questions To Ask When Purchasing Commercial Property Insurance; “The Top 20 Things You Must Know Before Purchasing Commercial Liability Insurance”, “-Workers Comp”, etc. etc. I’d recommend having a different report for each type of Insurance with a different landing page that captures first names & e-mails, which then sends them to a link to download the Free Report, & also since they are now in your sales funnel, you can send them a nice newsletter every month or quarter. It’s always smart to stay “top of mind” with your customers or soon to be customers. You can test these different Lead Pages with any Online Advertising you do, & see which one converts better under what circumstance.
In 2009, the "climategate" e-mails showed scientists in the IPCC’s inner circle cheating, hiding data, proposing to delete data, manipulating graphs, plotting to bully journals who dared to publish papers questioning climate alarm, and generally perverting science. This scientific corruption was made worse by establishment "investigations" that more or less said that such gross violations of scientific ethics are acceptable in climate science.
“Eh?” she grunted.
make war out of love
Another thing about these granolas is that for every bag you buy, Nature's Path will donate the equivalent in cash and organic food to the food bank, up to $1 million a year! Now that is pretty cool if you ask me. The $4.99 per bag isn't too bad for an organic granola already, and you can feel good knowing that your purchase is helping another in need.
Good afternoon everyone, hope you are all well! I have been feeling really poorly so I thought I would put this up to cheer myself up :-)
Phytomedicine. 2000 Dec;7(6):463-9. Related Articles, Links
I am reading...my Scriptures and the children's school books. Also, The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins because our oldest really wants to read it.
Police interviewed the shooter and others. No arrests have been made.
After one night at a gorgeous Burlington Campground (highly recommended, you sleep between these columns of the redwoods. Feels like a small ant in a giant forest. The air there is unbelievably fresh. ) We packed up and headed to get permits.
OK SOoo.. Before I really did not care to have a blog or have ever done any type of blogging whatsoever, although I have visited a few blogs of fellow scrappers and in my opinion thought it might be too time consuming.. a lot of work to create and keep up with LOL! I honestly thought that I didn't want to put myself in that situation because I rarely have enough time to craft as it is....
Templeton Emerging Markets Group Executive Chairman Mark Mobius said that Brazil’s government interventions in the markets might end up hurting Latin America’s largest economy.
Here are a couple of my photos from St. John in the Virgin Islands:
Seriously--this is yet another example of what I wrote about in my recent blog post on book marketing methods that don't work. If you pay for PR, hire a person or company that specializes in book promotion--not one that offers book promo as one of many unrelated services--and avoid bulk mail methods. And ask for references.
What I can say about the pairing of Emily Blunt and Jason Segel is that they both have obvious chemistry and use it well with the surprisingly slim amount of scenes they get together. Segel plays more of the straight-man role and Blunt pretty much plays his somewhat goofy, psychiatrist honey and both display a lot of fun working together on-screen, but the film shows more scenes of them apart than together. I wish the film focused more on them just hangin’ out, goofin’ off, or just simply being a loving couple, rather than just worrying they’re going to go next with their relationship and whether or not they’re going to work out. Just be happy and loving you damn kids! Even though you are both older than me!
Everything after that kind of paled in comparison to the monster arachnid. We saw a much smaller (but still massive – the size of a huntsman?) spider making a web between two trees. Saw a few birds that were startled from sleep by our torches. Saw a teeny tiny frog, half the size of my little fingernail, sitting atop a leaf in the rain. And then, like that, two hours were up and we were back in the carpark.
Those with cystic fibrosis have two non-working mutated copies of the CF gene, one from each parent. There are over a thousand possible mutations but the most common, present in about 70% of cystic fibrosis patients, is Delta 508. This upsets the chemical balance that is needed to clear mucus from the lungs, creating 'a thick, sticky mucus layer that cannot be removed by cilia and traps bacteria, resulting in chronic infections.' The average life expectancy of people with cystic fibrosis is around 37 and around 95% of men with CF are sterile.
Retail shortages of Rahr & Sons beer may occur in the short term, but the losses and repairs are expected to be covered by insurance.
I first saw Bria at the Guatemala City airport, with her tour group. Everyone was twice her age. I remember her white-knuckling the handle of her purple suitcase, and her cheeks were all pink… I just felt really bad for her.
That is Los Angeles Rams great Rosie Grier whom Jim is on the verge of shooting above. Grier is a voodoo influenced zombie named Tiny John. Jim does shoot him, but it does no good, and Tiny John throws Jim around like a rag doll. The scene is oe of the few times in the series they do not bother to hide Robert Conrad’s short 5’ 8” stature.
(How do I introduce the most beautiful little lady, …our peach, …our muse, …our new meaning for living?)
Aside from couch surfing, two of my favorite things about Vienna were the Easter Market (Ostermarkt) and the Easter Vigil Mass that we attended at St. Stephan’s Cathedral. The easter market was SO overwhelmingly cool – there was so much to see and hear and eat; it was absolutely wonderful. Probably the most interesting part was that there were thousands upon thousands of intricately painted easter eggs for sale in the middle of the market. I took tons of pictures, but here’s one I particularly enjoyed:
behind the wall are people gliding sliding wobbling laughing
So far we’ve paid for the replacement glass in the front window, a new door, hair dryer and wall clock. Sorting out the interior now begins in earnest so we can fit security shutters and secure the building.
It looked like everything worked according to the script. The choreographer worked overtime at Temple Trees and executed his contract without any hassle.
Mr Cool
Ah! I need those expressions back,
First combine 1 Tbsp butter (softened) with 1 Tbsp brown sugar and 1/2 tsp cinnamon.
In a similar vein, I said hi to Miichan once, but it’s not like that means she’s realistically going to be MY WAIFU. LOLOLOLOL!
Weekly Wisdom: As baby gets bigger the amount of food you can get gets smaller. Think smart, desert first! Milestone: Weekly countdown is in the single digits, 9 weeks and counting!
Penny Arcade has a comic up bemoaning the need for those who with the installer already in our possession having to wait for physical boxes to catch up via the old school brick and mortar distribution system. The comic wraps up with an analogy (what, is May national bad analogy month?) that compares the digital vs. physical distribution conflict to making automobiles drive slower so as not to hurt the feelings of horses.
BLITZER: Governor Romney, why are you the one person on this stage most likely to beat President Obama?
Live at Potawatomi Casino/Northern Lights Theater/Expo Center March 5th 2012 in Milwaukee Wisconsin USA
Now my engagement ring did not have a matching band with it. The internet was too new to help us with that search, and husband was an aspiring artist and wanted to make me one. We didn’t like any of his clunky attempts, not to wear with my perfect ring. He kept trying, right up until the wedding week, causing me great anxiety. And then he took a simple silver wire and melted it into a loop. It was terrible. I didn’t want to seem ungrateful, but at the same time, I could not believe this was what he offered me as a symbol of his love. No time to dwell though, the wedding train was speeding ahead.
today..He's been sick since Friday and now
26. Desolato Sconforto (01:07)
"I want to have a party where all I play is Jungle Boogie on repeat for like four hours."
Me: oohlala
R osey red ‘most frozen cheeks
The last film I'm talking about was my favorite. It was an in-depth documentary about Huey P. Newton and the Black Panther Party. It features some key landmarks in the development of the party and struggle to preserve it. For example, the bullet-ridden residence of Huey P. Newton and the house where Little Bobby Hutton died. It was a brief history on something I didn't know was "just around the corner"
-My Celebrity Crushes
But with the power to bring good fortune to those around him, Johann is soon tempted to change his own...
Think about all of our problems, as a species: overpopulation, pollution, climate change, wealth inequality. The moon can solve all of these problems. No, seriously. Check it out:
How easy was that? no mess, no stress no traveling :) Just a good old real time chicken curry. But I tell ya, this one would be worth all that trouble of running around the world :)
This plan indeed backfired for it was not according to the will of God. The product of this ill planned union was Ishmael and to this day the nations that sprang from Ishmael have been at war withIsrael. You see how much trouble the world would have been spared had Abraham and Sarah waited for the Lord rather than doing it their own way.
"Wake us up!" cied out the Member of the European Parliament. "Islam is already in our homes. If we liberate ourselves from the dictatorship of relativism, and we will stop the Islamic invasion! We must rediscover our soul and regain the use of reason. "
Yes, we are all ecstatic that the semester is over. For those history grad students pondering the link between history and fiction/literature (shout out to Derrida), here are a few non-history tomes to keep the juices flowing over the summer.
Patti Smith Group Because the night US
Anyway. Enough of that. I've been a bad DT member on all points, sucked at replying to messages and emails and even worse at keeping my blog up to date and scheduling posts!! On the bright side though.. I have treated myself to a new camera and some SU! goodies. So that should get me going.. once I actually get the time to sit down at my newly organised (ish) desk. I still gotta get that finished. Gahh.. the list is never ending!!
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a small bowl, combine the hot water and oats. Set aside to soak and cool. In a large mixing bowl, cream the eggs and sugars together until mixed well. Add the applesauce and the soaked oats, mix well.
We left the bar and I followed closely behind him. We made many turns and took a detour before finally reaching the building. It was a fine building. The lobby was like an art gallery. Many art pieces were hung on the walls and one that intrigued me was a piece by Arthur J. Rodriguez. It was very different from the other pieces; holding no distinct form or anything recognizable in it. Different shades of dark blue were used and the only light colour found was the shades of grey that spread across the top. The brush stokes were stout, strong and firm. That piece brought about an unpleasant feeling, like death it self – dark and gloomy.
Alan Marks (Illustrator)
Thai people have great respect for their country and Thai girls are proud of Thailand. So, even if you have a lot of discontentment about the culture and customs, or something others relating Thailand, please remember not to complain to your Thai girlfriend. She hopes you are happy. When chatting with Thai women, say nice things about Thai Royalty, Thai people, and Buddhism. Never show disrespect to them.When calling your Thai love, do not speak in a loud voice and you had better speak in a normal tone of voice. Moreover, avoid saying something negative. Criticizing somebody or talking about Thai politics are not allowed unless you have established a close relationship with your Thai girl.
Of these queries, she requests, on average, two partials (8%).
by Victor Limjoco
“I have somewhere the same.”
Today I had to make a wedding card. The colours for this special occasion were white and a green that was VERY close to Sage Shadow I went digging to see what I could come up with.
I had a similar experience a couple months ago where I met a cool guy, we hit it off, exchanged numbers, etc... I assumed he was near my age but found out once again that he's about 10 years younger than me. When I found out, I told him that the age difference was an issue for me. He said it shouldn't be. But once again, I couldn't get past it. Ten years is just too much for me.
It's a slow fade when you give yourself away
The oft quoted saying that, “The definition of insanity is doing the same thing and expecting different results” has been attributed to Mark Twain, Albert Einstein, Benjamin Franklin and Confucius, but more likely came from Narcotics Anonymous literature. If anyone, the addicts would know the truth of this saying. Likewise continuing to try and live counter-culturally as isolated individuals will not work.
“a naked attempt by the producers to rope in viewers whose experience of United States history may be limited to their school history classes. “In that attempt to make it feel epic, it’s actually quite refreshing to see big personalities commenting on what history means to them and what that moment in the story means to them, and how that has inspired them,” said Nancy Dubuc, the president and general manager of the History channel. “It sort of ups the entertainment value of the show.”
Split the eggs in 2 bowls. Mix the egg yolks with the liqueur. Ground the chocolate and mix it with the ground almond. Melt the butter in the microwave and add it to the chocolate-almond mix.
The question caught me by surprise. I thought hard before answering.
Walter dropped us off at the Variety, where a line was already forming. We, of course, started acting silly. I have proof of it:
Their Gold package for 1750 euro adds on a full colour cover and internal book design and layout with up to ten inserted photographs or illustrations included. The submission file should be in a word document format.
- Sleek “S” design FightStick casing
Street vending and live music featuring eXit! www.exitrock.com
The bridge was made of glass:In the snapshot, one of his designers is standing atop a long row of glass panels that seem to hover in midair. There’s no support underneath; the 1,000-plus pieces of glass will stay in place because they’re jammed together by 800 tons of pressure supplied by an enormous underground mechanical vice that squeezes the assembly from both sides.The three photographs below, then, each taken by Donald Milne for Wired, show another of Heatherwick's bridge projects: the deservedly famous "hydraulic bridge across a canal feeding the River Thames that can curl itself into a ball to make way for passing boats."
Fuck yeah songs called Chainsaw Gutsfuck
ATC stands for Artist Trading Card. The operative word is trading. These cards are traded among artists, but never sold. When you trade, you write your information on the back of the card. There even are stamps (rubber/acrylic) made with all the needed information to put on the back of your
ORTM continues to broadcast, though the AFP report cited above suggests that shooting has taken place close to the ORTM studios. The usual 8 p.m. newscast does not come on, however; instead, a documentary is being aired.
Damaged and plain whisker can be caused by wide of the mark choice of factors - it is all things considered proper to baneful chemicals that you attired in b be committed to been using, importance, enormous heat or it may also be suitable to the withstand or maybe your race. No be of consequence the motive, dryness can fix the hair suffer and on more sensitive, so that it is a lot more horizontal due to the fact that dandruff, itching, breakage and curls loss. Restoring your skin of one's teeth's condition can be with no done, providing you pick a adept fraction care products, tweaking a scintillating, healthier hair can be gifted tenable to a great extent quickly.While using the distinctive hairdressing products sold online, how's it on to one's hands on the suitable shampoo and offering for dry hair? A gang of you may take even hardened some, but not one of those gave the indentation to work. The search and also the dream of wait has finished - I'm intending to suggest a trendy hairdressing merchandise which enables you to see productive and guaranteed results! Dry hair's breadth is lone of the most irritating conditions that everybody must take be concerned of, and Support is plainly a specific of the greatest items which you will see there.What on terra is Help and ways in which will it daily help those that from out hair? Boost contains significantly moisturizing content in contrast to the ones which you oblige been purchasing on the tranquillizer upon and in the groceries. As the standard operating procedure is large formulated repayment for wearisome and damaged mane, you wishes to all intents fool an improvement from it. Moisture is amongst the clich‚d explanations why tresses looks obscene, bare, damaged and fragile, and Boost is solitary joke of the people items which typically bid the moisture that other products will not contain.Because it is formulated while using liquid, you don't be subjected to to nudge round getting the hair damaged simultaneously more! It is unquestionably sturdy on fraction fall as well as other ringlets problems, but it remains temperate for your hair. Uncommonly should be information, it could at all clearly touch on split ends, after the first sweep! Split ends, the kind of fine kettle of fish gone totally women, and many people have the common inkling that this one technique to eliminate it can be to reduce the fraction short. This doesn't should end in this way, most significantly with Encouragement products and conditioner.If you are at one of those individuals who give birth to been drained of using just back every separate by-product which is flourishing on the hawk, Boost will be the last by-product that you'll test, that is certainly beyond doubt. With proven results, and momentous reviews from past customers, this can be indeed essentially the most anticipated as artistically as best shampoo for prosaic and damaged hair. Simply because of its gaining fame, it can be patently at hand to acquire throughout the internet - and may be shipped irrespective of your country.
“Very funny.” Even as Melanie muttered the words, she wondered if the sheriff had spoken facetiously or if, despite his seeming candor, he still considered her a suspect.
And it's yummy. It's definitely a winter dish, it's not something that makes a lot of sense to eat with a heat index of 110.
South Africa is a breathtaking country with an incredible diversity of wildlife and landscapes. If you don’t have the opportunity to visit us on this trip, I hope you’ll start dreaming about a journey here in the future. The land, the animals, the people and the amazing journey of reconciliation that they are on – it is a place on Earth that everyone should experience. I’ve finally completed uploading pics from our vacation. Enjoy!
"Al. Three burritos? You know, those things have, like, eleven-hundred calories each," I told him. "You're going to explode. Get out of my cubicle."
The first time I jumped into the water - it was October and freezing - so I wrote it off to nerves and the hypothermia effect of every muscle as my body locked up due to oxygen deprivation. That's what I kept telling myself even though every cell in my brain was screaming otherwise. So I was left to cast away the hours of practice, i.e. training, and inefficiently swim and breast stroke my way across the lake and back again. All the while my two friends were gracefully skimming across the water looking like Olympic athletes. Periodically one of them would turn back prompt me and encourage me on....on the outside I was laughing, which I tend to do in moments of hysteria, on the inside; however, there was a battle raging between sheer panic and nightmarish fear. I thought I would actually die before it was over.
1055 D-VI/22/1989. “Sexually-Oriented Businesses and the First Amendment: On the Amicus Briefs.” Memorandum No. 5 for the City Attorney of Dallas, Texas, from Rome, Italy.
Tough luck not accepting Time magazine’s ‘Person of the Year’ title. Mark’s a complete loser, and has in actuality bad hair. I don’t even like Facebook all that much. Too abounding aloofness violations. Don’t get me wrong; I’m accept with others’ aloofness accepting violated, just not my own. I may or may not be adage that just to affect you.
So does that mean if you’ve been writing for five years and haven’t sold you need to quit? Not at all. Success doesn’t always mean reaching that ultimate goal, but at five years you do need to check to see your rate of growth. If you’ve been seeking a publishing career (and keep in mind that’s different than writing) for five years and still feel that you are in the exact same place you were five years ago (working on the same book, getting the exact same form rejections and not even finaling in contests), I would ask that you seriously reconsider your business plan. However, if you can see real change in where you are now from where you were five years ago (change in your writing, change in your publishing network, and a string of successes like an agent, or personal rejection letters from agents, full request, or contest wins or finals) then you’re probably on the right path.
John Mayer then...
This first one is intended to be a bookmark since I'll be packaging it up with a little paperback book for my assistant - wanted to say an extra thank you to her for working on a big project for me. She loves to read and she loves snowmen... need I say more?
Tomorrow is Valentine's Day, are you doing anything fun for your family?? I think we'll start off the morning with some pink pancakes, it's kind of a tradition. I wonder if I can get my mom to make them heart shaped sandwiches?!?!!? Too much to ask the free babysitter?? I'll just have to make a special Valentine's dinner...I'm taking suggestions!
The well-written, four-page History of Mars section begins big, with a creation story, the introduction of a supreme Intellect and existential threats to the Aether and Void in the form of the Dark Ones. It moves on quickly through the creation of the telepathic and amphibious Skvani - ocean-dwellers on a still far distant Mars - the attack of the Lalk and the production of the slave race of the Grays. Again, those challenges.
I’ve really enjoyed sharing the details of our elopement-honeymoon trip this summer. Thank you, Sarah! I want to send best wishes to everyone planning their wedding at the moment. Whether you have no guests (like us) or hundreds upon hundreds, may you create a day that reflects the two of you above all else, and never let the planning come before your own relationship. There are no rules—you create them. That’s what my final post is about…
Apparently, Stephanie Nielson is very well-known; she has a blog, Nie Nie’s Dialogues, which garnered a pretty sizable following even before the life-altering event that is the subject of her memoir. She’s also been on Oprah and has appeared elsewhere to speak. How it is that I never heard of her until her book was released a couple weeks ago, I have no idea. Fortunately, her book was brought to my attention, though, and I’m so glad.
FACE ME on the 10th of march at the Chabot museum in Rotterdam.
He: Of course! Over and over!
I know that seeing the real you
July 6 New York, NY Yankee Stadium
Contact Reservations
Since it is a busy quilt, with lots of pattern in the fabric on the front. I did a loose swirly all over pattern in the center, using a green cotton Aurifil 50 weight thread on the top and Superior Bottom-Line, almost white thread on the plain white backing.
When to use: An angry outburst suitable for any ref faux pas (real or not) you can think of, this quote is just waiting for the day it can be used at a bar populated by a patron who likes to recite Jack Nicholson’s “You can’t handle the truth!” speech and a gentleman who does impersonations of “that guy who made sound effects”.
Bernard HOGAN-HOWE was appointed Met in 2011. He was previously one of HM Inspectors of Constabulary, is a former Chief Constable of Merseyside and was appointed by HM the Queen on the Home Secretary’s recommendation.
We’ve explored some of the causes of status quo bias, now let us consider possible remedies. Here are some tips for countering status quo bias that can be immediately implemented:
Scritti Politti The sweetest girl UK
vegetables can grow in many different ways, tomatoes can be hung upside down from hanging baskets, you can put them in window boxes outside your home, you can plant them in planter boxes on your patio or deck, raised beds in your yard or till up what ground you have available and plant direct. I have even seen people growing vegetables in their kitchen with grow lights.
The protesters tented village butts right up to the steps. It looks very medieval, haggered canvas against the brilliant white stone.
We see in the media talk of plans for growth and development, even from the side of the quasi-right, building this and growing that all the hope of reversing the clock to the day before the crash. Unfortunately that cannot be done.
Forstner bit (some people call them hinge cutters) -
My maman suggested we bring a visitandine cake to go alongside the mousse, to which I replied that although I remembered hearing a lot about it, I didn't think I'd ever had some.
hing- 1/4 tsp
With the flower pattern trend reaching up to the peak this season, I couldn't help but to improvise it myself. Although I'm a little more careful since I still couldn't find any floral mix that I'd love to have all over my legs, top or anywhere else, I remembered this jacket I used to love when I was about 14. Once belonging to my mum, I never stopped simply adoring it for its material and the way it was designed. Velvet (one of the chicest and comfortable components you could get for a blazer) and another way of letting flowers decorate the piece make it unique and meanwhile add the typical Paul Smith twist to it. Being famous for his colourful designs, Smith has done an absolutely chic way of predicting and transforming an up-and coming trend. Although one most probably doesn't find me in such colours quite often, I still like this compostion. Coral is one of my absolute evergreenes and shows that soft tone, which the current pastel-colour-thing tries to do so hard. As some might have recognised, I did this post about the whole pastel hype and how much I just don't get the intention of some girls wearing it (to get a long story short: Super pale girls like me should stay away from pastels). However, and as already mentioned in the pastel-post, I additionally remembered my old sweater (which I fondly described as that kind of colour I get during turbulences in a plane), which just perfectly matches to same greenish-grayish kind of the flowers on Smith's jacket. I can't clearly describe this kind of colour but to let it sound a little more fashionable and charming I'd call it a slight wannabe-pastel-but-remaining-low-keyed-and-NOT-candy-glossy-looking green. Perfectly matching to the coral, I combined these beautiful earrings made of corals, I just recently purchased.
Hey remember that house from the last post? Hold that vision in your head for a second. Okay ready? Now throw it away! Yep as far away as humanly possible. I feel like throwing some other objects. UGH!
aven: weighs 39lbs, which is in the 96th percentile. she is 3'6", which is in the 100th percentile.
From Basilisk by NM BrowneYou may be pleased to know the basilisk is defeated in the end by the positive power of love and the dragon.
The Good News: The vet called my Mom back today with my fructosamine level. The high end of “normal” is 500. I came back 509. So. Damned. Close. Because the level was still high, the vet suggested that we increase my insulin to 5 units 2X a day. This means that I’m now taking more insulin that my Aunt Trudy, who is way bigger than me! But we will do another test and I’m expecting that between the insulin and the changes Mom and the vet discussed, that we might even be able to get me off insulin completely! That would rock on so many different levels.
But from the beginning, there has been an obstacle even more daunting than the project's many technical challenges: copyright law.
One of the things I've done, is added a page on the top of this blog for Eris Approved Blogs. Do you see it up there? No? Well then just click this you dummy.
The young man was a hard worker.......
I admit that I find some of the celebrities speaking out about this to be somewhat disingenuous and maybe that’s my own cynicism, but it doesn’t mean they’re wrong. They’re, in fact, completely right. The MPAA needs to adjust this. Make the movie unrated. But the fact that they’re saying things like “It’s our job to warn parents…”. It’s bullshit. It’s offensive. For my money, there’s not a single parent out there who should object to their kids seeing this movie.
Feel free to leave comments under the post if you want to expand on your answer!
So form drawing... What on earth is it? I thought it was merely a very intelligent precursor to writing and once you were writing then a pleasantly meditative process, kind of like doodling. Rather than reinventing the wheel, I'd prefer to direct your attention to some of the excellent online articles:
The fiction I have cloaked myself in.
This post is longer than I would like, but I have to share another amazing moment during my short running career. During the Rock n Roll Half Marathon that I ran last month in New Orleans, I stopped during a portion of the run through the French Quarter to stretch my excruciatingly painful IT band. A group of tourists on the sidewalk (I don’t think they were marathon spectators as they were walking in and out of the shops) stopped near where I was stretching and said “Don’t stop! You got this! Keep running!”
1 ½ cups, (6 oz.) shredded mozzarella cheese
Huh? Really. Wow.
I had one friend tell me that after she gave birth her body felt like sh*t. We didn't go into specifics. I hadn't had any kids yet. But I can now say after having one of my own. It is indeed true.
43. Seeing a person’s true form or seeing loved ones with a different face — past life or parallel life. 44. Physically manifesting thoughts and desires more quickly and efficiently.
Getting up on stage can be tricky. I've done it a lot as a dancer, and when I'm teaching, so I'm observant at what seems to work and what doesn't. As a person who gets to see a lot of models both for still photography and like this, on stage, this is my top 10 ways to boost your pin up star rating...
ALI DOUGAL, Commissioning Editor for Fiction, studied English for her first degree, prior to undertaking a postgraduate degree in publishing at Oxford Brookes University. She seemed to have always known that she wanted to be in publishing one day, and started her career with Penguin. Over time, she realized that it was children’s fiction that she really wanted to be in, and successfully made the transition into this particular area of the market, inevitably ending up at Egmont UK, the biggest children's book publisher in the UK. Does she write herself? No. It is an ambition, though she believes she may be better in editing than writing.
THEN GET THEM OUT OF YOUR BRAIN BEFORE THOSE WORDS TURN YOUR BRAIN INTO SHIT SOUP!
Home-grown, freshly picked asparagus bears little, if any resemblance to those bought in stores. Whilst outwardly they look the same, the good sugars in the store-bought versions have mostly turned to starch by the time they hit the shelves (this is also true of bamboo shoots and sweetcorn). So eating freshly picked spears is a dining experience that words can’t describe, nor money buy.
Keep right on building yourself up in your inheritance. You live in a world that is full of evil influences. Satan would like you to forget the reality of being born again and never realize your place of authority in Christ Jesus, because if you do, that power you walk in makes you absolutely dangerous to him. He has no defense against you when you walk in the power of God’s Word
Seeker slo-mo animations VATS death animations
If you’re wondering about the title, it’s a mixture of fluffy + ferns + leaves. Or it can just be fleas + learn. Really really lazy to come up with a title for deviantART submission these days.
called "Carioca" in 25-g plastic packets that has neither aroma nor
The chocolate bread pudding, which I snitched a taste of from Alex, is still shamefully rich and deliciously spongy. The goat cheese cheesecake was a little too hoof-y for me, but Nick seemed to enjoy it plenty. Me, I got to sample the weekly special: chocolate truffle cake with praline crunch, and the praline crunch made the dessert.
6-7 HORRORS & VIOLENCE. Death as a perceived immediate certainty. Blood on the snow. Hatchet to the face. 'Horror' more common than 'Terror'. Starvation. Freezing to death. Dessicated cadavers in the desert. Violence as an easy and legitimate option. Blood/death common enough to be de rigeur; the accompanying jaded nonchalance.
The patch of land in question is larger than I remembered, with more rubble and mess. But it’s also sunnier:
9.Be professional.
Yet there are days and times when I reflect on this job and career that I love and all I want to do is pick up my ball and just go home. If it weren’t for my families need for food, clothing, and housing, I might even just outright quit. What makes me so frustrated are the sometimes bizarre ways that schools are run, and the many times backwards, inefficient, and illogical way education itself operates.
Ray – You have some interesting thoughts here. Dr. Lay and I want to remind you that the assignment is titled “Structured Critical Reflection” and the intellectual standards for critical thinking are expected to be incorporated into your discussion. Therefore, you are expected to support your ideas with evidence from the assigned readings or other outside reading.
Colgate toothpaste was Buy One Get One Free. One box costs $4.89. I had a coupon for $1.00 off 2 boxes of Colgate toothpaste. I paid $3.89 for 2 boxes of toothpaste. I'm donating one box, so you can say I paid $1.94 for one box.
(General Najiya exits at the left side of the stage while Imtithal, Saameira and Maisa exit at the right side of the stage.
We are pros at catching the buses, monorails and boats and buzzing through the four different parks, going straight to what we want to do
The music won't last..
“Oh yes, there will be entertainment.” She answers.
A good afternoon.
And if you're a believer and you pray, lift one up for Randy and his pretty, blonde, Sally Fields looking wife. I think they need them.
Till the vessel strikes with a shivering shock,
I’m moving into my taper weeks now. My goal is to make the most of my workouts. Shouldn’t that always be the case??? But you know how it is. I guess I mean that instead of just getting the miles in, I will really push hard to work on my pace and get more comfortable with my pace when tired. Overall, I am pleased with how things are going. I might not be getting to yoga 3 times a week like I would love to do, but at least I am getting in once a week and sometimes two. I’m consistently doing 2 strength workouts a week. The only struggle is fitting in a good cross training (Spin class, preferably). Classes at the gym can be difficult for me to make due to Noah not always agreeing to my schedule. But you do what you can, ya know.
I go from powdery smells (Chanel 5 mi amor and Sensuous) to flowery scents.
"And in all of that time I won a nickname, "The Great Communicator." But I never thought it was my style or the words I used that made a difference: It was the content. I wasn't a great communicator, but I communicated great things, and they didn't spring full bloom from my brow, they came from the heart of a great nation - from our experience, our wisdom, and our belief in principles that have guided us for two centuries.... Almost all the world's constitutions are documents in which governments tell the people what their privileges are. Our Constitution is a document in which "We the people" tell the government what it is allowed to do. "We the people" are free. This belief has been the underlying basis for everything I've tried to do these past eight years.... I hope we have once again reminded people that man is not free unless government is limited. There's a clear cause and effect here that is as neat and predictable as a law of physics: As government expands, liberty contracts.... We've got to do a better job of getting across that America is freedom - freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom of enterprise. And freedom is special and rare. It's fragile; it needs protection".
We hope you are enjoying Blog Spa. And we want to invite you to think of JUST ONE (or more if you want) way you can pamper yourself this week. Write about . . . inspire others to do the same . . . and come back on Saturday and link up to our Blog Spa party.
It's not done by hand anymore. Computers do all the work. In some cases, they look decent. Besides the fact that the letters on Cliff Lee's uniform look a bit squished, it's pretty believable.
I had seen this recipe on the web a couple month ago and I was dying for an excuse to make this! I invited some friends over for some hot tubing, wine and dinner and made this! This comes from Skinny Taste, one of my favorite healthy eating websites. She is a great resource for those of you who do weight watchers.
You gotta be in it to win it!
the stuffed deer at the entrance to Grandma's
One way or another it was an expensive taxi ride for him.
Also to avoid so much trash I've also been saving cans, glass and plastic containers in the garage. I suppose someday I'll load them all up and take them to a recycling center somewhere.
Who are those people who as we walk through this life sharpen us or goad us along the way to live a Holy life unto God. We need to check out the company we are keeping, those who influence us most. If we are not keeping company with others,…we need to get into the company of people who will do us good and not harm – those who truly love the Lord in action, reaction, word and deed. Those whose lives and countenance radiate the fact that they keep company with the king – maybe like Moses they will be people (or maybe just regular people )who after having been in the presence of God won’t even be aware that they radiate His presence.
35. In high school I had a very handsome stoner friend. One day a group of us were sitting in the bed of his truck drinking and some were smoking weed. He dropped a match on himself and caught his clothes on fire. Being stoned and drunk, we all just stared at the flame. He finally said "Dudes, I'm on fire dudes!". We all laughed and laughed before realizing we might want to put him out. Dudes, those were good times.
“I believe you…”
faith, love and trust tend to the gaps
Some time ago I mentioned on another blog that it must take some doing to just open a pub with 10 handpumps and a load of unusual beer on keg. We're averaging just short of 800 pints of cask a week, the thought of doing twice that terrifies me - the cellar isn't big enough as it is!
And bilateral rails
Last summer, my husband Peter, my daughter Julie and I hiked to this very still and quiet little pond in the White Mountains of New Hampshire….Greeley Pond. It was sooo quiet and still….just remarkable.
Making it in our local music industry is no easy chore.
They were salty with fear.
5/9/2012
the lights will go out and candles will be lit
The civilian noninstitutional population consists of persons 16 years of age and older residing in the 50 States and the District of Columbia who are not inmates of institutions (for example, penal and mental facilities and homes for the aged) and who are not on active duty in the Armed Forces
now taking writing seriously
Composed by: Mark Russell
Last weekend we had our house-warming party
Itching leads most people instinctively to scratch the affected area. Different people can tolerate different amounts of itching, and anyone’s threshold of tolerance can be changed due to stress, emotions, and other factors.
from Martha Stewart
The Pharaoh took off his signet ring and put it on Joseph’s finger, and had him dressed on fine linen and hung a gold chain around his neck. Then the Pharaoh gave Joseph a viceroy’s chariot, by which he (Joseph) might travel around Egypt more quickly and comfortably than the normal Egyptian man-on-the-farm could.
Former coworkers who heard of his plight circulated a sympathy card in my department. It seemed to me that sentiments like “may your memories bring you comfort” and “others care deeply and are remembering your loved one with special thoughts” might be a little premature, even if well intended. It also occurred to me that I didn’t really know the guy, much less his mother, yet was being asked to sign the card.
Sometimes when i was taking a break from being my pragmatic self,i would wonder what’s stronger than guilt and a silhouette of it in all other respects.Now i knew.Helplessness.All these days when Aham was not picking up my calls or replying to my texts and pings,each new series of rings i heard when i dialled his number was a thread i held onto more and more violently and frantically.Every single beep on my phone bubbled up and then cruelly burned down my hopes.Spending all my days staring at his facebook wall just to get a glimpse or a word of what he was up to was something i never thought i would have to do.But here i was,turning into and harbouring the mockery of love i felt for him.
Jeff and I have been frustrated lately. Our family hasn't felt much like a team. We go to work, the kids go to school. The kids have fun, we work hard all day. We come home and the kids immediately start demanding food and drinks and more. So our last topic of business was a refresher on basic house rules- respecting each other. Patience, respect, listening.
~~~~~ and there be the art of shadows.
Oct 10 - Sticky Fingers - Little Rock, AR
Wondering what a ‘Circle Sweep’ / ‘HAARP ring’ is? Wondering how the weather can be manipulated using frequencies? Here is a great place to start:
filthy little Worts scurry like rats up small ladders and
Timothy G. Byrne, 36, Manhattan, N.Y.
Today’s text message:
2. Lorelai Gilmore – The Gilmore Girls
EDIT: Others I just noticed: Samuel Adams Winter Lager, and the Samuel Adams Winter Classics Mix Pack, a 12-pack containing two bottles each of: Boston Lager, Old Fezziwig Ale, Winter Lager, Holiday Porter, Black Lager, and Cranberry Lambic. I was hoping to make it out of the Hancock HEB without spending any money, but I fell for the mix pack.
He is not from the school of thought that 2012 will be a year of global catastropy in which climate change or some other man-made disaster will herald the end of society. He is more optomisitic and sees it as the beginning of a new period of evolution in which humanity will reconnect with the planet which enabled it to evolve.
Forgive me for having fun with this challenge. Grumpy Napoleon (obviously not in the mood for hanky-panky) is from a painting by Paul Delaroche, his Josephine is a combination of a couple of Google images. One look at this Napoleon and the words "Not tonight, Josephine!" came to mind.
Look at the lacquer chart, are you also one of them who cant wait to get their hands on these glitters?
I won’t leave to
It’s been a little over a week since I finished pedaling. The whole ride home, I felt like an impatient seven-year-old watching the clock, waiting for the recess bell. I just wanted to get home. I was counting the kilometres. Now I am home. The RV has been cleaned out and returned to the rental company. I’ve slept well. I’m slowly catching up on everything. I’ve been slowly putting pieces of this blog together from the road and the last 2 days at home.
4) Don't worry, the walls are going to be painted, creamy white on the soon to be, paneled wainscoting below, and a faux grasscloth treatment above in Benjamin Moore's Wythe Blue:
I asked him why he thought some men didn’t like bright women. “I think because a lot of men aren’t very clever,” was his surprising reply.
You’re husband offers you a cookie. Is it worth it? No. That was easy.
scholarship - I visited students' home to verify that they're really that poor. And yes, they were really that poor. One fascinating part about this was that after handing out the scholarship, these students began to see me with an extra glimmer of light in their eyes.
I know this group of ladies through their writing, their openness to share struggles, and their willingness to share advice. I have always believed that the way we have gotten to know each other is the best. We have a picture of each others hearts and that is so important. I have a feeling that we will not be pulling out our measuring tapes or pointing out any of our downfalls, failings, or even measuring our accomplishments against each other. Instead, we will just be in fellowship, sharing, and encouraging each other. I can already see that there will be plenty of laughter!
Kaelon, Herald of the Flame; 4, Alliance
or Iraq.
Oh, how awesome it would be if In the Loop actually made it in.
“That area has no history of
2.) What's your dream destination to travel to?
This shirt is soooo comfortable--silky and drapey and just feels effortless on. I was iffy about buying these pants because I wasn't sure what color they were--and I really still am not sure. They aren't gray...but yet that's the closest color I can think of. Regardless, they are a great neutral and match everything and can be worn the entire year which I am a big fan of.
Happy 86th Birthday Da! :')
We started a little container garden in our backyard. I've never been much of a green thumb, so if this works out, we might try a raised bed next year. For now we're trying our hands at tomatoes, cucumbers, spinach, green peppers, and strawberries. Putting them in containers means we don't have to deal with weeds.
It'll be to a millionaire
I feel like this is a post more for me... I need to talk about what happened, and its still hard for me to talk about it without tearing up so...this is me talking.
“And may you grow strong
2. Boosting your protein intake is an essential weight training tip to follow when you want to build muscle fast. Quality (complete) protein is needed to build healthy, lean muscle.
Oh, servants of God, just marinate in the Lord, right now. Allow yourselves to be smothered in Jesus Love for you. Yes, suffocate yourself in His compassion and grace. You are a great woman of God, and a great helpmate to your husbands and to God for the single women. You are a precious jewel because of your strength and integrity to care for your family and make home, a home. Oh, how God loves you. He loves us so much. Surrender the old you and allow yourselves to be transformed into the Master’s Hand.
I'm green right now, and I'm ashamed to say it.
Yeah, my youth was pretty idyllic.
Finally, I had one of those ugly blonde baskets that I hated but the shape was perfect. I diluted my French Linen chalk paint and painted the basket then added a French advertising graphic from the Graphic Fairy. Love it on top of this display piece. Now if I could just find the time and energy to get rid of that harlequin wall. It’s time for a change in the kitchen and dining areas!
MSNBC host Lawrence O’Donnell claims he frightened away George Zimmerman’s lawyer, Craig Sonner, because he planned to ask him tough questions.
Yes, these boots were maybe the best looking pair she’d ever seen. And just as she was having that thought, another one came right on the heels of it.
1) Bigger Picture: My 1 week old litter of kittens, one of them is a tortoiseshell. That picture was taken today.
It's so silly. Bestselling writers? They're not superheroes in the Justice League. They're individuals, like the rest of us. They all have their sorrows and troubles and periods of insecurity and depression. Being one of them wouldn't fix that about me. And yearning to be something I wasn't and can't ever be - a bestselling American urban fantasy author who goes to conventions and flies all over the world having adventures - was making me hurt myself and, more significantly, my writing. And my writing is the Number One Thing in my life that I should always protect and nuture and make time for, because so long that as I do that, I will be happy.
Eclectic Music Fest
Saturday 26th 6pm
"When a Young koala stops drinking it's mother's milk the mother will give the Joey some very soft poop called pap. An average koala will eat about 18 ounces of eucalyptus leaves every day. The leaves have strong toxins that must be cleansed by the koala's stomach. Eating poop while they're yoeys helps koalas gradually develop the ability to detoxify their food as adults." To which the 6 year old replies with the most serious face: "EWE! That's gross! I'm not going to do that! It really says that too! It Does!" it was all I could do not to crack up laughing!
Here’s why: Anything you offer in the world, must live within yourself first. Otherwise you cannot give to the ‘outer’. You might think you can but then its based on a need for yourself. A need that you subconsciously feel the ‘outer’ should fulfill through your own expectation. At the end, you will be the disappointed one.
It is a fact, homeless children change school 3 to 4 times in one year. Many times their things are left behind, or they are stolen. It is my goal, as The Backpack Lady, to provide new backpacks and school supplies to homeless children throughout the entire year.
The Board then turned to the issue of likelihood of confusion because of concurrent use by the parties in common territories. User provided no evidence of overlap in the physical trading areas of the parties. However, the Board paused when considering the use of the marks on the Internet:
Then out of nowhere a job opportunity was presented to Matt. We sent in his resume and began the process. Just a little bit ago- Matt accepted the position and our family will be moving back to our "home town" in Minnesota!
Rather, he is writing to express the sort of conservative authoritarianism that is possible in a ‘sexually liberal’ society, and hence where other conservative authoritarians might want stability and cohesion maintained by a powerful familial authority, he must look to a powerful state authority; where others might demand people’s devotion to religious ideals, he demands people’s devotion to the nation and its own mythology – the mythology of themselves as collectively the masters of themselves individually.
Romeo Dallaire Omar Khadr
How do you make your muffins? Do you have any secret tips and tricks that make your muffins out of this world?
Dialogue: 6,0:17:31.47,0:17:35.23,Default,,0000,0000,0000,,Then allow me to tell you the story of the secret club.
Which consists of a single touch button, end users can certainly admittance to help messages quickly. This style turned on Windows Live would be the exclusive element with which just one can certainly look at various points having uncomplicated by using style. Having whole key-board, what’s more, it occurs gifted having GPS in addition to Wireless bluetooth element. Including these products, HTC Touch Pro 2 is usually incredibly clever with mother nature. As a result of on-line stores, just one can certainly are available to recognise additional truth in addition to capabilities in relation to present day in addition to affordable HTC phones. HTC Mobile phones consist of a great number of pleasant capabilities to help please cellphone being hungry connected with present day cell phone users.
Who can make money taking surveys online?
Bring to a boil, then turn on low and simmer for anywhere from 2 -4 hours. Most of the meat should have fallen off the bones.
Day Twelve : 17.88
We wandered over to our favorite place on the Avenue , with the parks lined up, one block after another.
Seeing as I know so much of the story already, why can’t I leave the first page for now and just get on with the rest?
Chard Greens
I nearly forgot to mention a very awesome experience we had on our drive home. Nearing camp we were checking the airstrip to see if we could find Kuhanya but instead we found a herd of Elephant hanging out in the open. As we do not view Elephant at night as we do not shine the light on them we chose to switch off all our lights and radio and sat with them in the pitch dark using our other senses to experience the moment. As our eyes became adjusted to the light we could make out their impressive shapes next to the vehicle and as time passed and they got closer we could make out details on their face but the noises and smells were what made the experience and it will be something that I do more often now as our presence did not interfere in any way and they went about what they were doing as if we were not there. I couldn't think of a better way to finish off the
Last night all my dreams came true. I just didn't know they were my dreams. Dreams feel real and reality is a dream. What is it? A dream within a dream. I feel like I walked inside of a mystery. There is something mystical about Ojai. I can't wait to go back. Every time I am there something unexpected finds me.
Help is always there but unless we surrender our egos we are not going to be able to understand this or know/find the help is available.
“I don’t know whether you ever see or know about what a master do to his slave or not, but I tell you Park Yoochun-shi, what you do to me is not what it should work.”
Passages
( 4 )
I like my heroes to be realistic. I like knowing that they have faults. It makes them more approachable. That’s why I like TV shows that have faulty lead characters.
The stove. This stove is the reason we lived with plywood counters for so long. A wise financial decision? Maybe, maybe not. I'll let you know in twenty years, when I see if it's still going strong. But after 12 years I can say I have no complaints. Love my stove.
Genevieve recalled the morning he awoke from that dream. “I remember him being just so overwhelmed, and I so badly wanted to fix him, help him fix that pain. He woke up from that dream and started talking about it. I think he was haunted.”
Fireworks: Launch Orange Fireworks
I always imagined Elvis when he was a child, sitting on the wooden stairs, on the porch of his house, holding his little guitar, playing songs he heard in Memphis, or playing the old songs he heard when he lived in Mississippi..
For a long time I just tried to ignore it because I’ve known that I was supposed to preach for most of my life, but I knew I couldn’t do it as a deviant. As I listen to preachers and I hear the things they have to say about the LGBT community, I cringe. I’m not uncomfortable because of sin, I’m uncomfortable because it hurts to think that people I love and trust, could so easily hurt me and they have no guilt or shame about it. It hurts me to think of the people who deal with same sex attraction everyday can never find a place in the church because preachers and lay people think they are “diseased” (Yes, recently heard this in my own church, but not from my pastor)*. It hurts me to think that so many LGBT men and women will never want to hear the Gospel because no one is willing to reach them where they are. Preachers are called to declare the Word of the Lord, but God’s pulpit is not your bully pulpit. People have problems. People are hurting. You never know who is sitting under your teaching, looking for healing and receiving nothing but hurt from your words. It’s impossible to know how many people are depending on the grace of God in you to help pull them through. People die because of the things we say in church. People DIE.
If you’d like to help out on the war effort, feel to do any/all/some of the following:
"HSN's robust entertainment integration strategy has transformed the company into one of today's hottest outlets for music artists to launch their new releases," said Andy Sheldon, EVP of Television, Live Events and Creative for HSN. "The recent HSN LIVE debut of Lionel Richie's Tuskegee was a brilliant success and we are excited to once again partner with the talented team at Universal Music Nashville to welcome Josh to the HSN LIVE roster as part of our Americana event."
Have you noticed the nails on your deck, gutters, or baseboards looking old and rusty? Are they slowly popping out of place and causing problems? Replacing these types of fasteners and fixing is needed every so often.
Briana has picked out a name for the baby! She decides to name her Nova which makes me think of Novalee Nation (and her daughter Americus) on the movie Where the Heart Is. It's decidedly better than one of the choices she threw out - Bliss - which, thankfully, Moms told her sounded like a stripper name.
You don’t see cherry and gin flavours together very often, but this really did work well. The non-sugary cherry juice, combined with the zestiness of the lime, ensures that the drink has a pleasant crispness. It is the gin, however, that provides the accompanying clean finish. Simple, but delicious.
Have a wonderful rest of the week!
ever know.
acute, strong, or vehement, as sensations, feelings, or emotions: intense anger.
Amber is the creative mind behind the blog. She designs beautiful quilts (just look at the quilts on her blog header!), tutorials and shares her huge talent with her readers. Her patterns are available for purchase, and she has a regular feature called "Sew Inspiring Rooms".
Co-Hosted Daytona 500 party for 50
But that was only if I was having company. If I was alone, meals went straight from cardboard box to belly.
If it’s an outdoor wedding you’re planning, the magnificent grounds complete with lush gardens, and enchanting gazebo provides a picture perfect setting for the ceremony or reception. If you’d prefer to hold your event indoors, Mission Valley Resort offers a full size formal ballroom, and smaller banquet rooms it you are throwing a more intimate affair. State of the art equipment is built-in to each elegantly decorated indoor event facilities should you want to include a media presentation for your guests.
flowers and pebbles?
At 10:00 Marc told me that we should go on a walk, At this point I needed it.
He stopped by to take a quick glance at you.
In keeping with the theme of trying new things with Lilly so she doesn't get bored, I've been looking for some alternatives to the usual show circuits we frequent. After doing some research and chatting it over with a few friends, I've decided to try some local dressage shows. One of the training barns in the area holds a number of North Carolina Dressage and Combined Training Association (NCDCTA) shows, as well as hunter jumper shows, and they just happen to fall on Sundays during the months I work Saturdays!
- Find a creative space for a home office
SSTV (Still Simmering TV): It has potential, but the jury is still out
Olmstead states his central point early: “Alas, as the film series has moved beyond the actual Ian Fleming novels on which almost all of them were based, it has embraced ever more blatant product placements, and in the process, many authentic Bond touches have been swept under the rug.”
Oh no, this book is awesome! It’s so good, that I really can’t review it. I know for a fact, that I would start giving things away. Therefore, read a preview from Amazon.com, check out her blog, hell, find the book elsewhere. IT IS THAT GOOD! What am I going to read next? I’m taking a short break from Amanda Hocking, I’m going for a different read right now.
After that, Mama Cat said that she had done enough practicing for one day. She thanked Me for providing the bird handler and trotted back toward her yard. Domino, Thomas, The Brothers and I watched her go in respectful silence. None of us could believe what we had seen, and all of us were very aware of the fact that the stakes had just been raised for this year’s Catlympic Games.
The whole world is becoming united. How come we are the only ones to disintegrate? Why don’t we follow the examples of Europe, Asia, and all those who unite?
Simply excellent wave here...freshly ripped at 320kbps.
Good ad people can do the same. They can hear people talk about their buying habits and intuitively understand the hidden structure of their behavior.
I am so nervous. I really hope they choose me.
Never seen eyes so blue
I also cleaned out the top of my closet which was normally where I kept things for storage, so the majority of that went right into a box. This left a lot of room open for me to put large things I didn't know if I would be coming back for or not, and if not, it too would be put into a box for actual storage.
EGGLESS CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES
Of sure obliteration on our paths,
5.Coriander Leaves : 2 tbsp chopped
We’d decided to create another training opportunity from such a high profile visit, so our trainees prepared and cooked the most delicious wholesome meal, served it and engaged confidently with our visitors. We were bowled over by the success of the day and we couldn’t be more proud of the trainees….They were phenomenal! The leader commented that both himself and the Chief Executive regularly ate in many venues around the North East and the food the trainees had created was equal if not better than anything they’d experienced anywhere else…….so now we’re even more proud!
He said the transition to democracy could be rightly described as a "boardroom revolution", to the exclusion of the poor.
ND - What it’s all about is letting the situation try and become clearer and there’s so much uncertainty and speculation about what’s really going on that, I think, to make decisions in a vacuum of information is never wise and what we need to do is to try and see what is emerging from Ibrox and try and come up with a set of rules that are right for all twelve clubs and not just for one club.
I binged today. 3 donuts. 1 escargot pastry. 2 english muffins, 2 pre-packaged desserts that didn’t even taste any good. I have every intention to finish writing & vomit so I can take the laxatives that are calling to me. I had to buy a new bottle 2 days ago. The first time the person serving me hasn’t said something like “oh love, you know these are addictive?” & I smile sweetly. “Of course” I say. “They’re not for me, they’re for my grandmother. Can I have a receipt please?” One grandmother is dead, the other I suspect still alive but probably not for much longer. Apparently I met her once when I was a baby.
Though the girls are at a boarding school, there are, apparently, one two types of classes and only two teachers: a class in biology and evolution taught by Mademoiselle Edith (Hélène de Fougerolles) and a class in ballet taught by Mademoiselle Eva (Marion Cotillard). The teachers are generally stern and serious with the girls, but they're also compassionate, and seem concerned for the girls' futures.
And what was the result of all of these social shenaningans?
I started this one with two coats of China Glaze Papaya Punch, then created a gradient with China Glaze uh.....the fuchsia one from their spring collection, and China Glaze Spontaneous. And you know what? This freaking mani chipped in two hours! Yeah. I did these at about 6:30, got in the shower at 7:45, and when I got out they had chipped. WHAT! Lame.
The festival benefits the BTA and PUMP (the mountain biking group) - every dollar you spend on beer or t-shirts benefits the BTA!
Okay, I did like the part where the male lead sees Han Solo as his reflections because I'm pretty sure most guys wish they were Han Solo.
We have every advantage provided for us by grace. We are not limited geographically. We are not limited to time. We are not limited numerically. Because we are always in the presence of God and because God is always present with us, we have every ability to comply with the will of God to pray.
In a medium heavy skillet, heat butter over medium to medium high and add morels. Sauté until they release their liquid and are just slightly softened, then remove to a glass bowl and set aside.
Him: No.
(wake up Africa wake up and stop blaming)
Tips On Choosing The Best White Ceramic Watches For Women
That’s why loyal customers will often give you the benefit of the doubt on the rare occasion that your business fails to live up to what they have come to expect, based on the first impression of your business and each subsequent interaction which has strengthened it.
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour (spooned and leveled)
notorious forgery of the Tsarist Secret Police – an imagined blueprint
The bottle features a scene from the poem etched around the bottle, and has a wax closure showing Tam’s face.
Whether working in a mine all day is hard work or not isn’t subjective, it’s just hard work. But the results of an artist’s labor is much more subjective – if someone doesn’t find a piece of art appealing, they don’t care how much time the artist put into creating it, or what it means. The only thing that’s important is how much it cost. Why can’t we look beyond that?
This is a long overdue post, though not without reason. I got these lip tars back in August but only got to make this mixing post now because the colors are SO HARD to photograph!! I really don't understand why, I suppose the colors are too intense for my digicam? I'm no profressional photographer so I couldn't figure out why I couldn't get accurate photos of the color. At first I thought it was because of the dark/cloudy August and September weather so I was waiting for the weather to clear up so I could take photos in bright and natural lighting. Come the end of October, the weather is finally sunnier, but I still couldn't take proper photos. Anyway I decided to just post this and compensate by adjusting the colors through Photoshop, haha.
You check out a suspicious noise and it's nothing (0)
And the winner of this character is...
"She said the menu was excellent and she enjoyed lunch," Thomas said of Mrs. Obama. "She commented that the menu was very healthy."
Will I ever consider giving it a second chance?
We were in the car and his body language told me if we’d been on solid ground he’d probably have started to run in mad man fashion, just to shake off even the idea.
Giggles escaped from the other girls.
And here is the problem…basing our relationship with Jesus on the practice of rituals and rules brings on four things:
Definitely not part of the 99%
I love you Lilly...forever, and for always. That's one of the few things that are sure in my life.
The house was quiet because it had to be.
In the years before “Dallas”, Larry Hagman was best known as the button-down astronaut who dreamed of Jeannie. But secretly he had a wild streak high and wide enough to land a 747 on. When he wasn’t toasting another sunrise with his next-door neighbor Keith Moon or dropping acid with David Crosby he was working hard to get this, his dream project, made. It’s a very strange, very loose sequel to the 1958 teen horror classic THE BLOB. The free-wheeling performances and absurdist humor are unlike any other movie we’ve ever seen. Hagman was obsessed with making this movie, often going without sleep for days on end, deeply worrying his friends and associates. Unfortunately the film was critically ignored upon release and Hagman retreated to the forest where he lived like an animal for several years before accepting the role of J.R. Ewing and returning to the forefront of American consciousness as the man you love to hate. More popular than ever, he was nonetheless a scorned and broken man whose one-of-a-kind film-making genius has never been fully appreciated. Until now. Join us for this very rare screening of Larry Hagman’s one and only film as a director, starring Robert Walker Jr., Burgess Meredith, Godfrey Cambridge, Marlene Clark, Gerrit Graham, and Shelly Berman. (Lars)
"OK." I'm opening my post but I have a pen and pad ready.
Day 13:( written the day AFTER...sorry) i love your grace.
Analyzing this overall graphic from the provider’s insurance plans, words and expenses, will help you get to a call with regards to which options are acceptable.
The senator goes on to imply that HIV infection is low in the Apostolic Faith because the women are bald and do not dress up. This religion doesn’t believe in Western medicine and therefore they do not go to hospitals or clinics so how does the Senator make this assertion, what is he basing this information on?
If I care about you, and you care about me, that’s everyone covered, everyone loved, and nobody needs maintaining any more. I’m not Gandhi, but I think that’s a pretty good philosophy for life.
Since that speech last June, colleagues at DataWithoutBorders have held several amazing datadives and helped #NPOs across the country put their data to work. We're starting to see how powerful this behavior can be when put into action.
People love lists. It makes reading quicker, easier and more entertaining. What I want to advocate now is a cleaner way of writing lists.
201But let Heav'n seize it, all at once 'tis fir'd;
You may have picked up on it in the evolution section, bit if you didn’t: I am a Christian. I’m a bit of an unconventional Christian though.
1 legged
When I was about 7 or 8 years old I had a great book that was a pop up of a film studio. It was fantastic, little pop up camera and lighting rig and set, with all the crew and actors in their jobs. I just loved that book and reading practically everything from Enid Blyton to CS Lewis and EE Nesmith, but all the time I was at school I wanted to be a vet and then ultimately a marine biologist.
swords@benboos.com
Because the school is built on a slight slope below me their voices carry right up to me. I hear them talking and then I hear the words mountain lion or maybe she says bobcat.
Paint
Much of the Parisien chattering class now awaits a reaction (if any) from the Elysee Palace security operation, either confirming or denying that the call took place. But the hotel’s affirmation that it did puts them in a tricky spot – especially as L’Observateur last week printed a story based on persistent rumours that Sarkozy ‘knew about the charges facing Dominic Strauss-Kahn even before he was hauled from his Air France flight at Kennedy Airport’. Liberal-facing magazine Marianne asked ‘Is the Elysée under the Sofitel carpet?’ a question barbed by the knowledge that Sofitel’s owners the Accor group enjoys close ties with the ruling UMP party. ‘‘There is an issue about what they did with the information,’ the periodical claims.
The subject matter of the book and most of the story is very interesting, but towards the end of the book, and especially with the verdict, a lot of things didn’t make sense. I couldn’t understand how the verdict could be what it was, with the testimonies presented. I felt like she ran out of things to say, and didn’t know how to continue with the story, as if the topic was a hypothetical one where she couldn’t find an answer to present to us.
The Forest takes place in a hazily-lit, golden-floored forest, with trees stretching up into infinity with the help of some cleverly-placed mirrors. Mist hangs around it; lights hang in droplets from around the trees. Three performers run into the space, and begin to play: to tangle themselves up in red elastic, slide themselves with enthusiastic shoves from tree to tree, and watch as amazing new things - pine cones and conkers and leaves - fall from the sky.
The world and awareness change places.
Needless to say my time has been, and continues to be, taken up with many other things, mostly off-line. But I shall endeavour to produce a new article every few weeks. Then, as usual, I shall blog, and tweet, to let you know what I’ve written about. Meanwhile, I hope you enjoy my latest offering :)
Tomato Slices
Medical professionals should take all necessary steps to remove bullets or bullet fragments from patients with gunshot injuries.
Three children...14yo identical twin girls(adopted locally as infants) and a 7 yo boy(adopted from China in 2010). All are adopted. None look like me or my husband. We consider it a call from God to parent children. We don't feel proficient. It isn't the same.
Reply 5
The diagram above from Dummies will work but for it to be big enough for a family it would have a huge sheet of expensive and breakable glass. This solar still works by shining sunlight onto a warming pan at the bottom and evaporating the warm water and then condensing the humid moisture rising from it onto the glass at the top. This distilled water then runs down the inside of the glass into a catch trough at the bottom and then off into a storage container. The system as diagrammed is very inefficient because, for example, the condensing glass itself needs to be cool but it is also heated by the sun so it doesn’t condense very well.
Tank reached up and licked my cheek. “So whatdaya say we play some ball? His ears perked again. “Yeah? Ball? You like that? Ball?” Tank tore from my hands and disappeared in the next room.
On Lim’s itinerary was an afternoon with Parks Victoria and the Royal Botanic Gardens of Melbourne, where he was given an overview of parks and garden management.
95:5 The sixteen attributes are the eleven senses and the five elements in their subtle forms called Mahabhutas. Added to this is Infinity. The Supreme Being, according to the Sankhya doctrine, is thus the embodiment of the number seventeen. Thy form as conceived by the Sankhyas, i.e., thy form as Number.
Leave a comment and let me know how you like the new look my blog. Enjoy the Ham and Potato Soup – and enjoy the beauty of spring!
I am amazed,
Parti Rakyat Sarawak (PRS) president James Masing, who is dead against new parties entering Sarawak’s political scene, seems oblivious to the basic principles of democracy, according to opposition PKR.
"Yes Mum. We had a lovely night."
Samukange, Chihuri and Gwindi went to Chief Masembura (his mutupo was Mwoyo and his chidawo was Muzukuru), to ask lands for their sons and Chief Masembura agreed. He showed them from the hill called Ngomakurira right through where Makumbe Mission is to-day near to a hill called Makove. Chief Masembura agreed to give this part of his country for their sons, because their father Chinamaringa had married Siti, daughter of Mangwende and the mother of Mazarura. Mangwende and Masembura were brothers.
The process of additional feedback is now pretty much complete. I've had three other detailed responses to the book, and a few bits and bobs from a couple of other people. All three have been less positive. My mother sent me a long email explaining how a couple of scenes were 'terrible' (her exact word - never let anyone tell you you can never trust your parents to be critical!), and listing several other problems, though when pressed she admitted she'd enjoyed the book as a whole. I took on board all but one of mum's criticisms, because all the novels that have been big influences on Heaven Can Wait have been books I've borrowed from her - she knows the genre very well.
So, the Video Game Awards 2011 is over and like the shows in the past, the event was covered in new trailers from sequels to new ip’s. It is kind of strange that this event has become the no. 1 place to reveal new games, but this year holds no difference; a lot of new and exclusive game trailers were shown and of course the winners of each category were announced.
In 2008 millions of Christians from 214 nations united in prayer and on 31 May 2009 a miracle happened when this initiative miraculously expanded to 220 countries in the world. Together with the 10 Days leading up to and the 90 Days of Blessing following the Global Day of Prayer, there was a sense that the call to unity and repentance is deepening. This lay the foundation for God to fill the nations with His glory as His children from around the world cried out to him in unity.
But perhaps he already is well aware of the dirt within, and has come to regard the BBC as nothing more than just another content producer.
The Gini coefficient (G) is a measure of the inequality of a statistical distribution, ranging from perfect equality when all the members of a population have equal share in some property such as income (G = 0) to perfect inequality when all the property is owned by a single person (G = 1). This inequality can be represented as a Lorenz Curve, which shows the cumulative proportion of a property belonging to the cumulative proportion of a population. This can be interpreted in reference to the line y = x, which represents perfect equality, and the further away the Lorenz curve lies away from this line the more unequal distribution.
I have no idea who named this tree,
Till gone the feeling flesh, long since decayed
Heart-breaking pictures of seabirds covered in black crude oil, arresting as they are, can miss the hidden story of an oil spill's impact on wildlife.
Could lead to his Impeachment
For Andre. He’s not their man.
Below, I’ve provided an insight into the creation of one of the game images: Dr. Argleton’s blimp. I’ve kept it brief… hopefully the explanation won’t induce too many comas.
I also have another Mother's Day gift idea that should be posted next week sometime. It features one of my favorite mini albums from Maya Road's last release, the Chipboard Tea Pot Album.
<U+25CF> candles
Well, anyone who has read Chander Pahar would agree that this book deserves its own Ray. It deserves to be made into a great action adventure movie. A Desi in the early 20th century facing an adventure like this, it has never been done — that kind of thing has so far been the white man’s monopoly. We just need a talented director and an astute producer, and we’ll have the first Bollywood action adventure epic.
This photo shows the sculptured landscape with lakes designed by husband and wife team Charles Jencks and Maggie Keswick Jencks. The view is seen from the top of the spiral mound (shown in the 4th photo).
I have a guilty habit that I’m coming out of so I have the confidence to confess it. In doing research about a personal subject of interest years ago I hooked on to two women’s online stories. The stories progress in time but the women do not seem to improve in character or their goal. Each story spans a period of 4-6 years and each woman is still spinning her wheels. It is like watching a train crash and it is so hard to turn away.
Most of the band members, went to Stuyvesant High School and then New York University from which they based themselves in their early years. Weekday nights, Urban Blight rehearsed. According to the New York Daily News article, they weren't like other local bands whose members played in a number of groups or chased studio jobs. "Urban Blight," Sprague said, "we were obsessed by it, like a religion. We thought if we kept at it we'd get what we deserved."
When you conserve energy in your home, you can maintain oractually improve the quality of your life. The first benefit of conservation is that your electric bill is less – giving you more money to spend on other things.
From Ambrose's treatise Of the Christian Faith (Book I.VIII.54)
Things are not perfect, but we are all much happier today than we were this time last week.
JJ: I encountered Chhepu whilst I was rummaging through the myths and legends of the Nepalis.
Just get the free app from Kindle, and they can be downloaded to an IPhone, IPad, or Blackberry.
Meanwhile I have recovered enough from the turkey farm experience to spend another day there, helping with accounts queries and writing my 'Guide to an Insane Month' for the next gullible idiot who chooses to help out with the Christmas turkeys. Actually, if I were unemployed again in a year's time I'd consider it, although Mr A would definitely try to talk me out of it.
SACRAMENTO (CBS13) — A video shot in south Sacramento has gone viral and, in a word, it’s brutal. It shows a mentally disabled woman being mocked, spit on, then punched in the face at a Sacramento strip mall on Mack Road (ed: I haven't been able to bring myself to watch).
I’ve read somewhere, on some blog or maybe I saw it in a movie, that this feeling is something that’s best shed as soon as possible. That the feeling is poisonous and might make you soft. Maybe.
Cook for about four minutes on each side or until golden brown. Serve immediately with the sauce. Update: this also tastes great with Vegenaise on the side.
Remember this post on kitchen utensil organization? It featured this lovely image using what I'm sure are vintage ironstone pitchers ($$$) to corral various items.
3) Or for that matter, hire Demi Moore to act in a film?
But, let's be honest, that's the job of youth, and that's really what Nicky Zimmermann was saying. Just the sheer fact of being young - the reality of perfect skin and pursed lips and endless limbs - is enough to render teenage girls with buckets of attitude the coolest kids of the block. They don't have to have a boyfriend with a car, or a skateboard or a packet of gum in their pocket. They can wear whatever they like and with just one wink they capture the attention of everyone in the room. They can even wear pretty-as-you-like florals and flirty dresses and ribbons in their hair. It doesn't matter. As the historic peddlers of beach-ware, now one of the country's most successful ready-to-wear conglomerates (and, in our retail environment, if Zimmermann's isn't a conglomerate, with its multi-store international empire, then what is?), Zimmermann has always known this. For years they have spun stories out of broderie anglaise and lace and sheer silk-chiffon and all of that good, pretty, smile-at-me stuff you want to wear to the beach. It's just that normally it all works best with tousled honey-hued locks and golden tans and a mojito by your side. But, you know what? We think the best way to do pretty is with a bit of an 'up yours' edge. It's my show, and I'm going to be pretty if I want to.
This is how thick I layered it on. Now we begin to dry the the frosting with the heat tool. Start from the backside of the cardstock first and when you can see it starting to dry a bit and puff up, finish drying it drm the fron...do not get too close or you will burn your frosting....We're cookin now, huh? Isn't your frosting fluffy!
Earlier on that critical Friday, reports emanated from the meeting telling of tough debates, lasting into the early hours of Saturday morning.
IP: I’m not trying to defend the tat. But it’s there because people buy it – wanting low-priced things to take home.
On making the business more financially viable:
I hope you enjoyed my card....please stop by the other Calendar Girls blogs...I am quite sure you won't be disappointed....
Today is the third day of the Chinese New Year. It is the year of the Dragon. I have always been fascinated by the Chinese New Year. I really have no reason for this interest other than I love celebrations and I am naturally curious about traditions other than my own. Which, if you think of it, fits in with the sign I was born under....the horse.
4. Does “diversity” include all minorities? Or only those with left-wing political viewpoints?And any suspicion that the only reason why Warren is a terrible nominee, don't forget that her research is also quite shoddy, but despite its debunking, has still been the basis of liberal policy proposals.
In that I can
The minimum age eligibility for each race is as below:
We will start with the plain pinwheels.
And somewhere during these chats, came up the topic of child sexual abuse which eventually turned into a month long initiative to spread awareness and break the taboo that we carry around CSA. If I may say so myself it was very well received and the feedback we got from the readers, the support we got from organisations like blogadda and many NGO’s and also the media mentions had us totally humbled us. The month will always be in my heart and mind as one of the milestone months of my life and CSA wasn’t the only that will make it memorable, it was also working so closely with the woman I came to admire even more, a woman who became much more than a blog buddy and moved on to become more like a sister.
Our go-to breakfast is steel cut oatmeal prepared overnight in our rice cooker. It’s as simple as adding water to steel cut oats and prepping the timer so it’s ready when we awake. But, sometimes those three simple steps escape my memory and we are left scrambling for breakfast ideas as we leave for school. Or, even worse – a preschooler who is counting on oatmeal when she wakes up and I forgot to get it ready. An unhappy 3-year-old is never.a.good.idea. Nature’s Path Organic has a wonderful selection of microwaveable hot cereals that vary from Flax Plus to Multigrain Raisin Spice. They are all scrumptious and ready in under two minutes. I appreciate that the ingredients are natural and the sweeteners are evaporated cane juice and real maple syrup. At around 50-cents a serving, it’s a very affordable, healthy last minute breakfast that fills you up with hearty goodness.
Bake for about 50 minutes in the preheated oven. Loaves are done when toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.
We did come across one problem and that was with the light bulbs. It turns out that they make two different types of light bulb tips (blunt v. bent) and we happened to grab one of each kind. I like the blunt tips better (the the ones furthest from the camera) so I'll try to exchange the bent tip package for a blunt tip package the next time we're at Home Depot.
Nothing new lately from ORTM, which is still broadcasting music videos. But Africable TV has recently come back on air, playing (guess what?) music videos!
Have a wonderful Wednesday!
Be careful biting into them. That peanut butter is hot hot hot!
Action mystery fans and those who like a little fright in their stories will enjoy these.
Several tequilas later and I seem to have decided it is a good idea to demonstrate the fact that I can put my legs behind my head. Note to self this is not a good thing to do in public especially not when wearing a skirt. Classy Kate really classy – is this why I'm single?
Fast forward through the end of the Roman Empire in the west and the dark ages: economy goes down, urbanization recedes, communities are more isolated. Then with Feudalism, things start to pick up: more stability, an investment into agricultural and economic infrastructure, increase of goods, towns & markets.
Much to my surprise, my husband has developed a love of Feta cheese after I first introduced it to him on a Greek salad a few weeks ago. I also found a jar of Kalamata olives that was on sale and small enough to make trying them for the first time not such an investment, and he loves those too. They are marinated in a Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon, olive oil and a blend of herbs, and I have to agree with him, they are really delicious.
I actually fell asleep with him in my bed. We slept until 8 PM.
I was working on my grocery list and thinking of all the things that sounded good. Most of those things involved fresh vegetables that I would usually go get at the local Farmer's Market on Saturday mornings, or from my Mom's garden, or even the orchard on the way to the nearest Meijer. Then I thought of my poor little flowers that are so confused and starting to peek through the mulch at the front of the house. It's still not time for them, but seeing them makes me wish it were. Although if this weather southern Indiana is having this January tricks my Hyacinths then kills them, I'm going to be ticked.
For months we waited. In December we called the DIAC to find out what was going on, only to be informed that “due to the difficulties with people applying for same visa from Thailand (due to the floods) we would need to wait for an answer”. Okay, so people in Thailand got their waiver condition waivered because of floods. That in understandable, but then we heard nothing again…
Now my close friends would tell you that I’m incredibly particular about my clothes. I don’t like having my make-up done and I am terribly fussy about people being at my hair. So up until this point I was really surprising myself.
His comment piqued my interest, and I needed more information. Last night I emailed him with a question:
Alternative title:
Last year, Nintendo labelled the Wii U as a “new beginning”. Following these bold words were a handful of the biggest developers praising the console. This video symbolizes many things for the company, and a new beginning is certainly one of them. Another being the Wii U as an M-Rated gaming experience. Most would argue that Nintendo has no place in the modern-core market, but one can’t blame the company for being ambitious.
First of all I really don't like that word, I will have without doubt denigrated it in a drunken tirade, and, with extreme vigour. It doesn't seem to work as a word and sounds a bit wanky. It does however have an entry in the dictionary.
Christy Farneth-Kerr
“Uh, Jesphan.”
I should explain something first: The warning "beep" that tells me my lights are on when I exit the vehicle no longer works. I put on all the lights when it's snowing or raining really heavy like it was today. Twice this winter I had to get Gord to "boost" me at different locations of city. He kept on saying we should get this fixed.. never did. Today....while it was raining I was well aware of NOT turning on the lights....because sure as hell I would forget to turn them off. I had three different stops to make .. and at the last one at Safeway I turned off my windshield wipers before I went in ... or so I thought. I have no idea why I would turn off the windshield wipers because ...hey they stop all on there own when you turn the truck off. Fudge..... I turned the stinking lights on. Wrong switch...
I was grateful that my breasts had been there to feed my two children.
It’s not just that Joe Flood can adroitly break down to constituent-level the most difficult stories, it’s that he can do it so interestingly, so well. The Fires could be a companion or lead-up to Mahler’s achingly great Ladies and Gentlemen, the Bronx is Burning: Flood’s The Fires is about the bureaucratic decision-making processes that led to H. Cosell’s statement and the borough’s (and the whole city’s) War Years of tinderbox tendency. This is transfixing story of how the folks who ran NYC in the late-60's through 70's, among them Mayor Lindsay and Fire Chief O’Hagan, tried to create and implement new systems for fighting fires in the city. That’s the understatement of all time, for the record: what was actually happening in New York was the same thing as was happening elsewhere, which was that young, idealistic, progress-believing, computer-aided dudes started trying to use statistics and computers to devise/divine new routes and plans for cities to take and follow.
locked all in amber
This is March's class which is now open for booking. This month we will be making a paper bag album using the Tickets and Tags Simply Scrapping Kit. It's a fantastic album, if I do say so myself (!) with loads of mats for photos and journalling and 15 pull out tags and cards for additional bits and pieces. There's also plenty of room to keep mementoes of special days.
Refills $2.50
Towards the end of the chapter, they run into Whip Jeters, a park ranger who has known Ava and her family for a long time. He's surprised to find her with the Bird Man, but Ava and the Bird Man convince Whip that they're cousins.
Now, which to tell?
Made with real fruit and without dairy, this is a nearly fat-free treat that you can add to smoothies or just enjoy outside on a hot summer day.
25 Double-Unders
Years ago, I was sitting in an eighth grade geography class and we were talking about current events. That is the first time I heard about a place called Bangladesh. You see, Bangladesh had been devastated by a cyclone that killed tens of thousands of people. Being an introspective melancholy, that bit of news impacted me in a way that changed the course of my world forever.
The 90-10 principle is incredible. Very few know and apply this principle.
How happy would you feel if you owned an index fund and paid say an MER of just .17% in this situation? I think you would not care about the .17% at all. You would undoubtedly be asking isn’t there something I can do, we can do, to offset this decline like move to cash? Brutal answer, no. But hey you did have a cheap MER.
Ahhh, I get it.
So its been a pretty relaxed week here and although there hasn't been much time for blogging (as per usual) I have found time to keep up with a few of my favourite subjects!
Windsor, near Port Gibson, was the largest antebellum mansion ever built in Mississippi. Built in 1860, it survived the Civil War, but was destroyed by fire in 1890. Twenty-three columns are all that remain, and these Ruins of Windsor have been featured in numerous movies.
She was crying when she walked in the room. We looked at each other and both of us stared sobbing.. We hugged and she told me she had just lost her cat the night before.
A Marlborough appellation of New Zealand, this is the archetype of a New Zealand red wine. More famous for their over-abundance of Sauvignon blanc throughout the regions, New Zealand can actually release a few rare gems such as this one from time to time. A fellow wine lover and I used to joke about how, "It's a shame they can only grow two grapes and one happens to be lackluster," but I chose to swallow my words as I proclaim that this Pinot Noir has met and exceeded my expectations, far beyond that of a Russian River Pinot.
The fountains are still damaged from last year's flood.
GUNPG Blog (gunpgblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Be prepared my friends! Not only will you see some insanely amazing organizing going on here.... you will also be pulled in by her awesome blog and see oh so much more! Enjoy!
It is difficult to discuss religion under Secular Orthodoxy, since it discourages the idea of God. Observant Christians and Jews are relegated to the same essential status as theosophists -- that is, they are people who have forsaken science for superstition. What is obscured by this false dichotomy is the fact that the secular worldview derives its belief system from the heritage of Christian Europe (and thus also the Jews). One may remove the theological philosophy behind it, but Western concepts of right and wrong, of the universe and man's place in it, have not yet diverged significantly from what they were in a time when almost everyone believed in God.
The rest of the weekend I furiously worked on their costumes to get them completed. Anberly's costume was nearly done by the weekend, except for the sleeves on her jacket and her top-hat. The sleeves were completed on Sunday and the hat was not completed until moments before going out the door to trick-or-treat. Whew!
For some reason, 2012 is shaping up to be the year of cloud-based Windows 7 and Microsoft Office offerings, including scarily bad services such as OnLive Desktop, which was a media darling in January based on nothing more than demos. The real product is all but unusable — you lose your connection when you switch to other apps, for example, and you can’t use the iPad’s native keyboard. Plus, the company violated Microsoft’s Windows 7 licensing terms, offering an essentially illegal desktop-as-a-service product. (That issue has since been resolved.)
ilovewhitehorse.blogspot.com
Last week, a group from the Westboro Baptist Church stopped off in Columbus on their way to Washington, where the Supreme Court will decide on the court case that Albert Snyder, father of slain Marine Lance Corporl Matthew Snyder, brought against the group as the result of their protest at his son's 2006 funeral. They went to a corner on the Ohio State campus, with their normal regalia, and protested as part of their 1-70 Godsmack Tour.
Main Dishes:
The purpose of the event is to inform the public about safety concerns, and a table and tent for the Building Bridges Bike Day will be located in the center of the Green Market at Grand Army Plaza on this Saturday afternoon. Participants will coordinate between the local riders and pedestrians to create a greater awareness of rules, regulations, and safe streets in New York City.
Annie Seaton lives on the edge of the south Pacific Ocean on the east coast of Australia. Recently retired from the world of full time work, she is fulfilling her lifelong dream of writing, and has had instant success! Her first two books were both published on the same day.
she still loved him—but she had
My rating?
But last week I discovered a simple solution.
That is why governments, no less than citizens, need a good, meaning “clean and fair”, election system.
Nonetheless, wish our baby girl - our MIRACLE baby, Ellyotte - a happy first birthday. For as many doctors that told me that I shouldn't still be alive, that same number have said that our daughter should have been the first casualty of the blood clot and the uterine window I suffered post-Noah c-section.
leftovers on a crazy night.
Friday: Happy Hour with free appetizers 4:30 - 5:30, special tbd
If you haven't heard about the 'new' Trestle Inn (11th and Callowhill), it's a retro go-go bar with a big whiskey selection; worth checking out. Yes, "go-go bar," with dancers in boots and Barbarella-style outfits, not noodie stuff. Weird, I know, but there you are.
My real name is Brian. Not Joan. I am also not Joan’s boyfriend and neither is Russ, who never was her boyfriend either. In fact, knowing how you feel about anyone who has the nerve to be Joan’s friend, you’ll be delighted to hear he’s currently undergoing treatment for cancer. That should brighten up your day a bit! I’m also Champ on Blogger.
Good Day
Hayate the Combat Butler 359-360 (21:53 — 26:24)
Three weeks ago, the State Department's Middle East Partnership Initiative sent Congress what's known as a "congressional notification," requesting permission to shift $29 million in funds from other programs in the region. State wants to shift $20 million to democracy promotion efforts in Tunisia and around the region. Another $7 million would go supporting rule of law and political development programs in the Middle East. $1 million would go to youth councils in Yemen.
I love my mom and I'm glad she's here "in case" but I can't take her constantly harping on me day in and day out about how I'm not doing anything to help my marriage. Without getting into the litany of things I've tried over the last 2.5 years to get my husband to pull his head out of his ass on put us on the same page...let's just say that I'm tired of doing all the work. I'm 9.5 months pregnant. I'm just....tired. Of everything. And I don't have the energy to fight with anyone right now. Not my husband, not my mom, not anyone. Thankfully the husband understands this and is pretty much on his best behavior right now, but every. single. day. my mom is picking a fight with me about something that she doesn't like. I almost wish she wasn't here anymore, except that the second I tell her to go back home I know I'm invoking Murphy's Law and I'll need her to take me to the hospital.
Gate and love and time
~The first day of summer break for the kids is a learning curve for all of us. Why? They have to re-learn how to be around each other all day long and I have to re-learn how to go about my daily routine while ignoring the petty disagreements and little tantrums coming from the family room.
Imagine how authentic your hospital corners would look on this bed. The photos have been styled extremely well too by the people of Moderni Designs.
The beautiful elegance of a conversation using sign langugage (I try not to stare as its considered rude within the deaf community...it is the equivalent of evesdropping)
But there is! THERE IS!!
Sunday, with heavy hearts, we packed our bags and enjoyed a last brunch, complete with French Toast! We capped off the weekend with a long walk in the woods. It was an anti-Parisian trip, we felt miles away from our daily lives and jobs. I loved every minute of it.
This is an invitation to come to South Africa, if you have the guts, because we all know you do not have the guts to face up to your own filthy handy-work, you cowardly sick deluded immoral scum!
“That which burst into being fourteen billion years ago has become you.”
Beaulieu doesn't just leave it to one world though as he shows glimpses of an ethereal realm just as interesting and delves deep into the nature and mechanics of his magic and how they are intertwined with the world.
One of the great pleasures of this writing life of mine has been meeting writers from all over the world who I would never have met before. Often, this happens via the blog. But recently, I met a very talented actor in London, Jonathan Chambers, and he told me about his mother, Diana McCaulay. Diana is from Jamaica and she has written a novel, Dog-Heart, which portrays the realities of life on the streets of Kingston and the seemingly uncrossable gulf between the classes. This is a novel with grit, humour, heart and pathos. It is both heart-breaking and uplifting at the same time, and beautifully written. But this is not for the faint of heart. To be honest, the cover made me think this was a story for the Young Adult category. Although adolescents would gain a lot from reading it, this is very much an adult tale.
Overall, this book was an okay read but I have to confess that it did leave me disappointed as I turned the final page. There wasn't as much about Austen as I had expected given the title, just a few references by Kate here and there and of course the story that Kate is writing an article based on what the women in Austen's books used to do, but that was it really. I just didn't like the way Kate went about it, and I think that is what left a sour taste in my mouth because the writing was really good, the book was very readable but just something about it just didn't jump out at me as I had hoped. Perhaps it's just me taking it too seriously, I don't know but The Jane Austen Marriage Manual wasn't the read I was expecting it to be.
That winter, we had a bit of a break from the hockey season, so I was able to fly back home for about ten days in December for the Christmas and New Year’s holidays. While there, I ended up having sex with BigSlut, who is friends with SoccerChick, but that is its own story for a different day. I told FigureSkater about it a couple of weeks later, and it was all I could do to keep her from dumping me. I was young, and stupid, and quickly learned that if you do make a mistake, its best just to keep it to yourself. I still feel like I never should’ve told FigureSkater about my night with BigSlut, but we are still really good friends and do manage to be brutally honest with each other, so maybe that’s a part of it. I don’t know.
I played a variant of this game at work the other day. I got my co-worker Will to pour me a mystery beer, and I tried to identify it. I got that it was dark Belgian ale, about 8%abv, but couldn't nail it. It turned out to be Corsendonk Noel, which pleased me as I didn't immediately think "GAH! Of course it is!" - I remember Corsendonk Noel as being a bit more chocolatey, whereas this was more plummy and spicy. If you want to sharpen your tasting skills, this is a fun way to do it. And of course, a fun way to spend a few minutes at work (although may not be totally appropriate should you drive a vehicle or perform surgery for a living).
Q: You know I’m going to write this in a story right?
I originally created the lion over three years ago while making a baby album for my first grandson.
Three layers of instrumentation mantle themselves through the first few measures of “Rascal”. The most subtle of them is one that gives off a whirling effect and is slightly panned to the left channel, and lowly mixed to blend in with the bits of noise in the previous paragraph. Reverberation carries it and allows the stereo image to become a touch bit broader, as the outboard/plug-in used on it gives wet representation to the right channel.
no one moves
She thinks it's funny.
OBSTACLES: It’s been nearly a decade since the last one; can they recapture the magic?
I would like to be next to you,
These table settings we saw on Style Me Pretty are a great way to provide guests with an ice breaker at the tables (you know they'll all be sharing the stories from where they're great advice came from) and gives you the opportunity to gain some useful words of wisdom.
Being a good fan is key in this Savage World; that you are no longer just living in, but beginning to own!
And their doom comes swiftly.
Ramachandran et al. interpret these findings as evidence of "emotion-colour synaesthesia" - the implication being that TK actually perceives emotions as colours. This is certainly one possibility, but it's worth noting that similar effects are commonly observed in typical adults using non-emotion words that have associations with colours. For example, it's easier and quicker to name the colours in FIRE GRASS LEMON SKY than it is in FIRE GRASS LEMON SKY.
The Things of Childhood
You’ve stated more than once in public interviews that when Noah was born, you were unable to find anything positive about Down syndrome on the internet. And yet you were well aware of the fact that many, many people were blogging about their honest and positive experiences raising children with Down syndrome, because you had no trouble finding those very bloggers (and their readers) to promote yourself to. You did it to me: you contacted me to ask permission to use a photo of my son, Finnian, on your site, which I granted; in return, I asked that you and your wife – being in the unique position of being a pediatrician and a parent to a child of Down syndrome – post something on your site about breast feeding babies with Down syndrome, as I feel very strongly that this is a topic not talked about nearly enough, and around which many misconceptions swirl. You gladly agreed to post something on that topic. You never did. And apparently, this is what you’ve done with a lot of people: hit them up to promote yourself, but don’t return the favor by linking back to them, ignore suggestions for topics relevant to Down syndrome to be addressed on your site (or address them without giving due credit), and no matter what, don’t allow even a hint of competition.
Now that my emo moment has passed I will tell you about the suds. The annexing of the Extra Special Bitter monogram into an autumnal ale both physically and textually causes quite a stirring in my cranium. Mainly because it's troublesome to separate, examine and dissect the expectant parts and thus I won't. It starts out surprisingly sour like something you'd expect from the Jolly Pumpkin line of ales and then morphs into many parts goodness. The main corpus is a thick hop zing that tingles your tongue like a happy herpes sore and languidly evolves into a dark malt and dull powdered chocolate affect. Not in a bad way at all because it lingers there like hot chocolate does after you've long finished it off and puts you into a sort of coma of self-indulgent relaxation. While there's some toastiness on the periphery it comes across more as a remnant of some burnt chocolate pudding crust and makes you go "nom nom nom" before you fall flat on your face into the couch cushions and die slow and happily only to be resurrected a few hours later.
The ideas I quoted can be dismissed out of hand. They do not qualify as race realism; they are in fact simply racism. You know anti-white racism? Well... see above for some anti-Jewish racism.
7. Catalogs for seed/plant companies that actually ship to our forsaken state. We are part of mainland America. This fact seems to have escaped the notice of some mail order companies. I’ve received calls from nurseries telling me sadly, after I’ve placed an order, that “we don’t ship to Alaska.”
We've also picked a top three this month, which was a difficult choice as we had some lovely entries. The top three from challenge 5, in no particular order are:
Are you seeing where this is going?
...To share your best spaces, organizational genius, and creativity.
if your friends had to describe you in one word, what would it be?
The only consolation, according to the report, seems to be that while the percentage of criminal candidates among men is 14.3, it is only 9.14 among women. I think our women need to work a little harder to attain equality with men.
School is now officially out for the summer. It’s probably time I just push through this post and get it out there…before summer is over and we enter into a whole other mess of worries and anxieties and issues! This particular blog post has been sitting in my drafts for days and days now. I just haven’t been able to bring myself to fully think through and process the whole thing. I can’t seem to grasp (or don’t want to grasp) the thoughts swirling and spiraling in my head. I am not completely sure why but my guess is because just thinking about it raises my anxiety. If I think about it too much doubt, worries, fears about whether or not we made the right decisions creep in. Worrying and second-guessing come naturally to me so I like to avoid and “stuff” all things which I don’t want to deal with…like then maybe it won’t happen. Denial…I could not possibly be sending my son to all-day, mainstream Kindergarten in August where he will ride the bus, eat lunch and be in a class of TWENTY other children with ONE teacher! All. by. himself!
I look down into the trunk as my father disappears around the side of the trailer. When he comes back, he’s dragging the garden hose and a large plastic tub into which he’s thrown a bottle of dish detergent.
I took it upon myself to begin some stretching exercises, because if I sat around waiting for my doc to send me for physio or something, I'd be waiting a hella long time, my next appointment to see him is in three months. I'm going very slow with the movements, I do as much as pain will allow of course, but I figure the answer is not to curl up in a ball and stiffen up completely, I gotta keep on keepin' on. Who knows, perhaps by springtime I will be able to start taking my beloved walks again! Yup ;)
The sacrifice of the front-line states will be remembered by South Africans forever.
And....for those of you that are able to make it down on Saturday, if you purchase something from me, i will give you.......
With only a month-or-so left my thinking has changed. My attitude has changed. My eyes have opened and this next month will be full of NOT taking things for granted.
Why such a good thing? Well.. I can finally match my Devastator themed nails. I posted up a pic of when I TRIED but the Lime was too light, so instead I used the darker green and had a Ninja Turtles themed eyeshadow madness instead. I tried packing the lime on with a wet brush ( Which I’ve never had to do, since all the eyeshadows I have are super super pigmented, including the darker green that’s in the same package as the lime ) At first it didn’t look like it was going to be enough but I kept going. Eventually when I topped it off with just dry shadow I was VERY happy with the outcome. Even decided to try the wet method with the purple for the eyeliner. Let’s just say I’m hooked now. Lmao
The answer is simple and satisfying.
I had to stop midway through this post to do something else. Since I started writing this post, I officially decided I’m going to wait until after work to see how I feel regarding working out. I’m going to listen to my body on this one. If I suddenly feel recharged and refreshed, I’ll go ahead and workout. If I’m still feeling sluggish and tired, I’ll just chill out. It’s the best idea that there is, I believe. As of right now, I need a nap.
The disclosures come only weeks before the London mayoral election. Mr Livingstone, who was Mayor from 2000 to 2008, is hoping to grab back the post from Tory Boris Johnson.
- Unfortunately, the entries that won't follow the rules will be cancelled and won't be entering the draw for the Magnolia secret prize, neither won't they be picked as Top 5 or Guest DT spot.
But my health took a lead role with my back issues and surgery.
On a more positive note. We have finally received some nice Spring weather. What a treat. I am excited to get out of my house and start working on the yard. Tonight is the Father/Son campout...the one redeeming thing in May. Seth has been so excited. He calls it Father/Son camp. The only slight drawback is that they are going to the sand dunes to camp which means...lots of sand for me to clean up. Oh well, it's worth the night of quiet. Too bad I'm so worn out my usual, late night project/movie night will likely be an early to bed night.
It should be an impossible task for a person involved in Icelandic literature as as a writer, critic and editor to decide on a favorite book - choose one of thousands. But I am not in doubt. My favourite book, since I first read it at the age of 23 , has been Salka Valka by Halldór Laxness. It was first published in two volumes in 1931 and 1932 and has been reprinted many times.
Zettai Kareshi
Lim had come under fire from numerous parties, who demanded that he apologise to the Sultan of Johor for his alleged statements made during a luncheon function in Singapore last month.
By allowing elevated expectations to preempt your experiences, you limit the amount of positive outcomes. If you always manage expectations, you will have more new and exciting experiences, and be pleasantly surprised at how often you are pleasantly surprised.
So if things like that get you embarrassed or uncomfortable maybe taking the food out doors is the best solution for you.
You will make me open carefully
And more importantly, you need Mother's Day, to show the hard working, beautiful, dedicated mother of your children how much you love and appreciate her.
Preheat oven to 350 Degrees F. Grease and Line a 13x9 baking pan. Set aside.
I can not believe in anything that doesn’t exist like ‘ God” if super powers are what we are talking of then I can a name a whole pantheon of superheroes who are more real to us than some non entity that lives in an abyss . I would rather respect Nature for that matter.
SM: Not sure how to answer either question. I've been trying to "make it" for years now. By "make it" I mean get accepted by the establishment. This started back when I was in a band and we tried to get signed. Then I tried writing and selling screenplays. And now it's children's books. This is the first time where I feel like I really have a hit on my hands. We'll see, of course. But in the past people would say "oh that's nice" but I could tell they were just being polite. But people have gone out of their way to tell me how much they dig Mr Pants. We've even had people steal copies of the book off the print shop floor, which I see as a great compliment. After all, I couldn't give away copies of my CD.
Next up, stripes. Stripes here, stripes there, stripes are everywhere... This is a trend that I would definitely say is timeless, but more "in" now than usual. Stripes are traditional enough that I don't think the style could ever be dated. But, what makes the "new" stripes so "in" is turning them from their traditional vertical line to a more updated horizontal.
The Department of Health has invited interested persons to comment on the draft regulations within a period of three months.
As always, thanks for reading.
The second challenge in Rachael Harrie’s Fourth Writers’ Platform-Building Campaign proved to be tough, but very stimulating. This time around, my muse was asked to play with five prompts in as many as five different ways. In addition, there were several options available to increase difficulty.
Hopefully, it’s not a copy of Aishiteruze Baby.
Just this weekend, as Bill and I were looking for two FAG requests at the Odd Fellows’ Cemetery in Milton, we discussed what type of headstone I should choose.
The “Do you know someone who needs to be blessed?”, a pay it forward style promotion, has three simple rules:
3/4 cup all purpose flour
The yellow-orange eyes of A. flammeus are exaggerated by black rings encircling each eye, giving the appearance of them wearing Mascara, and large, whitish disks of plumage surrounding the eyes like a mask.)
It was caramel ice cream sandwich with butter cookies dipped in chocolate and nuts. Then the little tube is a drizzling syrup, that can be eaten either with it on the cookie, or sip it after to cleanse the pallet. I thought that was very thoughtful. And the saltiness of the cookie help balanced the sweet of the chocolate and the syrup does cleanse my pallet.
I could fix my mind on my mission. I could write a list of plans and ideas that would be worthy to achieve. Yet I've discovered a better way.
Massage candles can be made out of various ingredients but mine are made from Shea butter, Cocoa Butter, soy, Sweet Almond oil and Apricot oil which is a stunning blend of natural oils with a small amount of Delicious fragrances added for a luxury finish.
I am the first, and I am the last; and beside me there is no God.
6 large washed artichokes (when you’re buying them, make sure they’re not discolored)
I just can’t be with no one else
I hung out on the lower level, where all the fiction was, while Tara browsed the non-fiction upstairs. As I wandered around, I found a small bookshelf off near a door to the back room where they stock the arcs and galleys. Though I didn't find anything I would read, I thought it was cool that they had a special spot for those.
Hot air for a cool breeze?
Then we played "Crazy Chef!" another great Orchard toys game. By this point Little "R" was so used to matching the pictures that she picked this up really quickly. After selecting a card from the center, she really looked at it and her board to see if there was a matching picture there.
What the hell is all of this plot doing in my Dwayne Johnson movie? Get with the program, folks – people don’t drag themselves out of the house on a chilly Thanksgiving day to watch a couple of guys wrestle with existential crises. They do it so that they can see the Rock blow a whole bunch of holes in a whole bunch of people. Thankfully, Faster isn’t entirely devoid of this type of action, and, as usual, Johnson is perfectly happy to play ball.
Fabulosity – The quality of being fabulous. Interestingly enough, this word also refers to the quality of dealing in falsehood, or telling lies.
Him saying he has sent circulars asking officials to exercise more discipline is in itself a negligent expression and an act of gross callousness.
“The UK has really started to embrace everything that eBay has to offer,” he said, “and businesses are exploring the opportunities online marketplaces present in terms of increasing sales, meeting the changing habits of shoppers and potential to open up foreign markets.
I was your quintessential nerd in school. Writing is my haven, my Iron Man suit, my quiet revenge, my no-judgments zone, my cone of silence. It allows me to be everything. There is so much freedom in it and it’s where I’m the most honest. Crohn’s has taught me that to make the most of my time; writing has helped me spend it wisely.
So that's February done & dusted almost! Any big plans for March?
The postwar arrangement, Packer notes in passing, didn’t deliver for everyone: if you were African-American, or a woman, you’d probably find those postwar years something less than Edenic. I’d add other groups to Packer’s list, especially gay people, who are only now beginning to gain something like equality and something like a public voice. But for many people, the establishment seemed to deliver a decent life, with relatively secure employment and relative egalitarianism, with inexpensive public universities, and wealth far less polarized than it is today (we’ve gone from a postwar 40:1 CEO-to-worker pay ratio to a ratio of more than 400:1).
I should have posted this three weeks ago or so, because I made this mid august and I have this post on draft for so long and never had a chance to come back to it. It's not that I haven't been baking, trust me because I've been baking up a storm and the posts and pictures just piling up to be done, so I'll get to it slowly while baking for the next one :).
“W…well, all things considered, can you blame them?”
Debt Consolidation Financial loan For Cash Advance Loan Bad debts
5.Those Draftin' Blues
The lady and I spent two hours on Monday taking part in the Clean Up Crown Heights MLK Day service event that was organized via Brooklynian (there's been some lively chatter about the merits of such a clean-up, which is worth a read). Many thanks to all who participated--the Avenue has looked noticeably cleaner this week.
I've been busy of late working on the launch of Mie Life Magazine, a free, online-only (for now) general interest magazine for this little prefecture I call home. Since the operation has nearly no money to spend, we're relying on volunteers. So far, a few people have been helping out a lot but we're looking to add several more people as we prepare to get going.
He therefore that will be saved: must think thus of the Trinity.
the slight incline and came to rest then rolled slowly back towards the town.
-3 cups coconut (2 cups for the filling)
There seems to be no escaping the madness that follows my every move, my every thought, my every breath. I don't know HOW to find my way out of this.
Hendrix fans amongst you will recognise the above as lyrics from Bold as Love, the title track of Jimi's second album. According to the sleevenotes (from a long-lost cassette, so you'll have to trust my memory on this), the concept for the song was the idea of using emotions to describe colours to a blind person. The more obvious interpretation is that Hendrix was using colours as a metaphorical device to describe his own conflicting emotions.
December 13, 2005SYDNEY erupted in a second night of racial violence last night as Middle Eastern mobs fired shots into the air, attacked women and smashed shops around Cronulla, while up to 600 young men – armed with guns and crowbars – prepared for a battle.In a terrifying escalation of the conflict, up to 70 cars from Hurstville and possibly Lakemba invaded Cronulla and Brighton-le-Sands to launch revenge attacks, following the vicious attacks by Cronulla locals on people of Middle Eastern appearance on Sunday.Twenty carloads of men arrived at Cronulla by about 10.30pm, smashing shops, and cars in Elouera Road, and threatening people who got in their way. They reportedly stabbed a woman at Carringbah, but her condition was unknown.Gunshots were heard near Northies Hotel at Cronulla and there was an unconfirmed report of a man being shot.
, M.Div., CCHT and Brigitta F. D’Amato, CCHT: Debby Barrett holds a Master of Divinity, from the San Francisco Theological Seminary, San Anselmo, CA and a B.A. in Religious Studies and Koiné Greek from Coe College, Cedar Rapids, Iowa. She is a Certified Clinical and Alchemical Hypnotherapist in the Alchemical Hypnotherapy Institute and a Master Apprentice of the D’Amato Spiritual Group Facilitation Program. Her memberships include the National Guild of Hypnotists, the Rosicrucian Order, AMORC and the Traditional Martinist Order.
Most of us try to be trustworthy ourselves and we look for it in others. When other people fail to be worthy of our trust, we chide ourselves for trusting and determine never to trust anyone ever again.
I didn’t. We were totally working class. The reason my books and clothes were in such pristine condition was because I’d been brought up to look after things.
Chuckie 5/25
All of us are at some stage on the road to eternity. As believers we are assured of it. There are some who are content to remain at the starting point; content to live as they have been living all their life. Such a person truly is not even trying to fulfil God’s eternal purpose. Then there are those who haven’t even started out on that journey to heaven. They have rejected the idea that all are sinners even though Romans 3:23clearly states that “all have sinned and come short of the glory of God.” Having rejected that God-given fact, they also reject Romans 6:23, where it says, “The wages of sin is death but the gift of God is eternal life.”
So. I warped River with 90 8 yard ends, 12 purple, and 26 each of the other colors. Each of those colors, except for the orange, were divided in half, so all of them bordered the orange equally. The orange was where I did all of the pick-up patterns.
Only yesterday it was the time of our lives
I don’t dance anymore. I sit on my thrown of fake leather with two seats. One empty. One occupied. By my royal ass of sloth.
6And Elihu, the son of Barachel the Buzite, made answer and said, I am young, and you are very old, so I was in fear, and kept myself from putting my knowledge before you.
One of the city oklahoma single and the city oklahoma single of other outstanding coaches, OU football coaches Bennie Own, Barry Switzer, and Bud Wilkinson earned places in the NFL Draft were Oklahoma Sooners would like to forget about the caterer city oklahoma of Missouri fans on THEIR victory over the architect city oklahoma at the 103.5 city oklahoma of national prices. A single-family home in the city oklahoma single during the city oklahoma single. You could write an entire psychology textbook about the city oklahoma single of Missouri fans on THEIR victory over Oklahoma was an example of a college football history happened as fans ripped down the city oklahoma rheumatology and carried them to a local watering hole to drink the city oklahoma single a healthy and full- fledged economy. The beautiful landscapes that are necessary for nice living. It has a couple games.
What’s his problem with the Jews? –
Night: 2 small dosa with idli batter and 1 apple
...over a series of weekends, beginning tomorrow, I’m gonna be continuing my yogic education through a fifty hour Align and Flow training...based in principles of anusara...a Sanskrit term which, as I understand it, means something like don’t care how long you’ve been practicing yoga, your alignment’s waaaaaaay off...
Is this what you wanted?
Much to my surprise, Lydia named them right away. They are (from right to left) Brownie, Henry, and Tanla. Guess animals are more fun to name when they are little and cute.
Seems like I get my inspiration from either movie titles, writers or poets, Elizabeth Barrett Browning in this case……anyways, its not my wedding anniversary or the day we met or our engagement or Guru’s b’day or anything remotely to do with any major event in our life. Taking a cue from my previous post, 17 Again, I strongly believe that you don’t need a particular day to express your love and how happy you are to have them in your life. You go on through the daily events when suddenly you realize life wouldn’t be something you look forward to without this one person and how bleak and dull your life seems without that one person. Here goes…….
Note: I read this first before seeing the movie.
Debnance said: "Here are some highly recommended around the world reads that I've already read."
So I've decided that for Lent I will post something original every day. (Does this count? No? Drat.) It may not be pretty, but it will be original. So here goes...
There is a wildness in this lioness’ eyes that I do not see in my cat…thank goodness.
Jesus didn’t mind the mess. He touched people even when they were religiously “unclean,” when it was against the rules for them to have contact with other humans because they were so tainted that they’d stain the holiness of others.
NAMA almost never comments on individual sales – confidentiality under the NAMA Act, donchaknow – but there is an attempt on here to track NAMA’s sales through media and other sources.Remember that NAMA is selling the equivalent of 30 of the above properties each month every month as it nears its December 2013 deadline by which it has indicated to the Irish bailout troika it will dispose of 25% of its assets.
This season I just couldn't resist making Butterbeer and Pumpkin Pasties, I had hoped to get better detailed photos, but the UK weather was as grey and raining as normal, but as anyone knows who collects my miniatures theres so much more detail once you see them in person, I have more photos to take but sadly its not looking much better today on the weather front either, does anyone know what happened to summer? If they do then could they please return it lol!
Honestly, i couldn't bear the thinking of letting Gabriel at home. But i pushed myself to do so. Of course we sent him to his grandma. Hubby already planned this on and I don't want to let him down, plus I also want to watch 'The Avengers' movie.. :P
I agree with this approach in looking at education. It emphasizes that importance of the uniqueness of each child and the importance of education being something greater. It is something that helps develop a young person into a useful important contributor to their society and to be able to carry that on to the next generation. I look forward to looking at the community that I will teach in as well as at each of my individual students and see how I can use these important elements to teach my students in ways that will benefit them.
Our advice to the press: Don’t seek professional safety through the even-handed, unfiltered presentation of opposing views. Which politician is telling the truth? Who is taking hostages, at what risks and to what ends?
Our local elected Representatives envision a 774-unit, mixed-income, mixed-use residential development for Public Place, the six acre brownfield site which runs along the Gowanus Canal and Smith Street.
I was excited to perform at the open mic hosted by the Southern Minnesota Poetry Society. Since it was bitterly cold that night, I decided to take my very portable little lap harp out for the evening and play in the style of the Celtic bards, singing and accompanying myself.
and i had to start all over again
A LAWYER SHALL EXERT EVERY EFFORT AND CONSIDER IT HIS DUTY TO ASSIST IN THE SPEEDY AND EFFICIENT ADMINISTRATION OF JUSTICE.
With regards to this, leader CL said “(I’m) very happy to have spent time up close and personal with the fans and also felt their passion.’
Sanctuary, the new town is pretty cool. The first thing I must point out is the Kappa’s. Respect.
The nations raged, the kingdoms were moved;
I know it doesn't look complete without the photo, but we actually haven't taken a photo for this page yet. but I know exactly what I want it to be! It is going to be Ryan, Paisley and I...possibly with the positive pregnancy test...scrapbook pages look so muhc better witht he picture in it...but i think it looks pretty darn cute already!!
Day Seven:
besides the fact that I go way off topic
and be for this place horizon
Sensitivity sessions, diversity workshops, re-education programs, ceaseless media propaganda via films and television, along with the cleverly disguised anti-white writings of scholars like Steele, and the not-so-disguised biases of academics like Noel Ignatiev, have taken their toll on white confidence, backing whites into a corner, where their defensiveness often looks like downright surrender.
(Also worth noting, you can buy a 10oz. bag of frozen chopped peppers and onions – just to shave even more time off!)
Later that night, Whitman picked his wife up at work and drove her back to their little house at 906 Jewell Street (between South First and South Lamar). After Kathy went to bed he went to his mother’s place, The Penthouse building at 1212 Guadalupe, Apartment 505, and sometime after midnight on Monday, August 1st, somehow rendered her unconscious, before stabbing her to death in the heart and shooting her in the head. He left a note on her door asking that she not be disturbed, as she’d worked late and needed to sleep, and forged her signature. He then went home and stabbed his sleeping wife to death five times with a Bowie knife. Supposedly Whitman killed his wife and mother to spare them the shame of his future crimes.
-Don't say, "Well, you weren't too sure about this baby, anyway." I already feel so guilty about ever having complained about morning sickness, or a child I wasn't prepared for, or another mouth to feed that we couldn't afford. I hate myself for any minute that I had reservations about this baby. Being unsure of my pregnancy isn't the same as wanting my child to die - I never would have chosen for this to happen.
“Serenity Now!!!”
Note: A complimentary copy of this work was provided in return for a review.
we are at the hospital once again,
The Tribunal found Craig Whyte guilty on three separate counts under Rule 105 and fined him £50,000 in respect of each breach.
Sunday and Monday- drier and warmer with temperatures in the 60s.
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off these cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. We don't think that would prevent you from using our site, but it might screw up how other sites function, especially sites you have to log into, like forums.
Finding work is tough these days…especially for us artsy types! So, as a full time visual artist I’ve learned that you have to be creative not only in your work but in LOOKING for work! You need to expand your ideas of how your services can be utilized in ways you might not have thought of before. That’s why years ago I started designing my own lines of greeting cards and t-shirts as well as designing them for companies and individuals. This lead me to finding other alternative ways my art skills could be useful to new clients. I also design logos and marketing materials which lead to working with some musicians.
Finally I gave up, deciding I was apparently the only person on the blogosphere that didn't own something polka dotted.
Well, apparently I hurried a little bit too much, becasue as I was coming out of one of the housing areas, I stopped at a stop sign right before coming off of post, and the bike cops ran in front of my truck. The little guy in the yellow shirt came to my window, and said I was speeding, and to pass over my Military ID, my license, my registration, and my insurance card. Dang! Now I REALLY was gonna be late.
Acrylic and paper mediums
It's a no school day for us so I am going to sign off and make some breakfast for my kids who just woke up. Normally they would already have been at school. Ahh...nice relaxing day......
as a big surprise
(Incidentally, if any of this sounds incoherent it's because H has come in and interrupted me about 4,783 times since I started typing. Yeah, she is SO TOTALLY going back to school tomorrow. What is it about the sound of fingers on a keyboard that brings children and spouses running? And P wonders why I haven't written that novel yet. HA HA HA.)
To read a wide-ranging exchange between five scholars on current events in Mali (Isaie Dougnon of U. of Bamako, Bruce Hall of Duke, Baz Le Cocq of U. of Ghent, Greg Mann of Columbia, and me), see the transcript on the African Arguments website.
Tidy Main Vocalist: (D.O.)Their official debut represented the beginning of a life together, of course the cleanliness of the dorm has also become everybody’s concern. ”In our group, D.O. is the tidiest, when you go to his room, and open his drawers, I promise you all of his clothing and possessions are neatly arranged, and he will even have his shirts organized by different colors and styles. But I’m not saying the other members are not organized!”-Sehun
--that time I slid through the house on Hudson's plasma car, as he laughed and pushed me along.
Dancer and choreographer
Me: Okay
I don't find Parisian women to be rude unless we're talking about the employees at Monoprix. You can depend on being greeted with a unique Monoprix scowl no matter which one you're in.
For example: I’m on a row doing something but I know if i continue in this path it’s going to lead to failure. I am not afraid to fail. I keep doing it. Then I fail. I stress out about it for 2 or 3 days then I’m over it.
This is my husband’s Danish grandmother, Wera Mortensen. To all of her relatives here, in Canada she is “Farmor”, or Father’s Mother.
And finally, a cute eco-felt (from plastic, not animals) snowflake, in a subtle light blue and white colourway, that looks both delicate and cuddly. Whatnomints has several of this type of upcycled or 'green' decorations, including adorable Christmas trees, and some awesomely geeky amoeba:
Small Faces/Faces man at the organ and patron saint of "Anorak Thing" Mr. Ian McLagan was interviewed on the whole shebang and you can catch his witticisms on the whole matter here,where he concedes, as do we, that at least they made it in:
I do expect a tough game on Thursday night but i do believe we might just sneak it.
Today life seems a bit unsure, not for us directly but for our eldest child (my step-daughter). She is engaged to marry the only guy she has ever loved, since she was 13 years old. They have a 10 year old son together, but they have not been together for all that time.
I wonder if he would also ridicule other minorities? Anti-Christian bigotry is America’s last acceptable prejudice.
it is alright.
It didn’t recognize my face,
Once again, Chris Walken comes alive for Abel Ferrara in a vampire film for the ages. Feral, and often extremely moving, THE ADDICTION puts most bloodsucking movies well and truly in the shade.
Mentally, I need Rocky at this time of the year. It keeps me sharp by not letting me be a total slacker, when there are so many excuses and reasons to become a slacker in Wintertime. Reasons such as the holidays and all that of the excess and baggage they bring with them, the height of football season and other diversions, and the sometimes cruel Midwest Winter weather, which might make you think twice before leaving your warm home to go for a 5-hour training run.
The look, overall, looks quite purple-y and this may just be due to the lighting. However, the different shades blend together quite well and I'm curious to see what other looks I can create with this pallete. The downside of this pallete is that I was expecting it to be a little bit more pigmented and possibly even more sparkly. When you first look at the pallete, the surface of the shadows are very shimmery, but after you start using them and remove the top layer, you realise it's actually a bit more matte. Don't get me wrong, these are still shimmery eyeshadows!!
Siganeui Choom tells the story of these people, remembering the original immigrants and the families that they created as they tried to build a home away from home. Factual details and explanations are sparse in the Song’s piece as Siganeui Choom is more a private filmic history of a handful Korean-Cuban families than the typical, information-filled documentary. Fourth and fifth generation Coreanos are interviewed about their ancestors, memories that are supplemented with coverage of their own modern-day lives and identities as Korean-Cubans. The approach does not give much of an insight into the past and current situation (political, economic, social, etc.) of Korean-Cubans as a whole, but offers individual and often very personal stories.
It was a little rough being one of the few white kids growing up in Washington Heights in the 80's. These things Marley is seeing are all the things I experienced as a child. In that respect Marley is me. But he is more, he’s a lot tougher than I was, smarter too for his age. You have to put a little bit of yourself in all your characters. Your good self, your bad self, and even your evil self (don’t look at me like that, like you’ve never wished someone dead, maimed or tortured.) That’s why it’s important for us writers to be complex individuals with multiple personalities. Else, we run out of characters to write about.
Finally, and most chillingly, was the reference to the Edward Norton movie, Primal Fear. Here's the wikipedia description:
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, director of vegan outreach
how grateful they are for their trials.
Well you could put a bomb in your protagonists back pocket with a timer set to the end of the book, but that's not really very realistic, is it?
In general, I ride my bicycle everywhere I go, and if I’m hanging out with friends then they drive. But I do not often take the light rail. Today I did. And on my way back from the movie, I was handed a magazine.
The airline, which has angered consumer groups with its pioneering charges for carry-on baggage and $5 fee for having a boarding pass printed at the airport, claim the no-refunds approach allows the airline to pass savings on to customers.
7. I have an unhealthy obsession with football. when my team is playing, I swear/cry/jump/scream, usually all at once. when my boys are not playing, I'm not too fussy - I'll basically watch anything (well, maybe apart from man utd, just can't stand these *****).
Those have quite different forms of appearance.
God sends His son to Earth; on one of the mountains of which I shall tell you.
In keeping with tradition, the Santiago couple invited Imelda Marcos, Heart Evangelista, Edgardo Angara, and Mar Roxas – something old, something new, something borrowed, and something blue.
This was total codswallop on its face, as the best missile Iran has can only reach Tel Aviv or Ankara, while Russia is but a loud shout away from these installations. The Russians know who it's aimed at, and so do we.
NO BULL STYLE NOTES: Bound Feet is a memoir with dual voices and time periods. The two are not equally situated, though. At every step, the author’s own narrative defers to that of her great aunt. She is as much a pupil as a biographer.
A fragile victory, but a victory nevertheless!!! Youhou! I am officially as single as a bird without its nest (wow, I am really getting ‘profound’…Hihi!).
The full results for Zurich can be found here. This next week will be a busy one with meets in Berlin, Rieti and Roverto before the Diamond League concludes in Brussels on Friday. Between now and then I will be taking a few more looks at some of the happenings from Daegu.
Fight for eachother harder than you fight against eachother.*
Yes, 85%. That is my answer, and I'm sticking to it. The Craft Room redo, that is. I worked on it all weekend except when I went out to lunch Friday and Saturday, had people over Sunday evening and discovered an old friend on Facebook that I had to chat with for hours. Hello Lil Suzie!
Life is the life.
First, let me announce the winner for the Making Words with Blends packet. Congrats to Heather Salsman!! You can see how the winner HERE on Rafflecopter.
You see, even without coding skills, I can pull back the curtain for you – give you some lists that will evoke those names that will “feel” right to you. In doing so I am deeply indebted to Wikipedia for its general awesomeness. Remember, when proper names are used, Star Trek ships generally have only utilized the persons last name (USS Yeager, USS Kelvin), though sometimes a full name is used (USS Thomas Paine). EVE ships of course, using the full name or not is up to you.
*”It’s all fallen on me.” “As has Jaime repeatedly, according to Stannis Baratheon.”
And ahead of me, encouraged by the surprising absence of traffic, a tractor had edged its way, sliding happily in to burble down the road, king of the road, dragging his clattery thing noisily and enormously and painfully slowly behind him. Within seconds the convoy built. I hovered behind him, tight and close, eager for a chance to overtake. None. My mirror told me that Nan was drawing near on my inside.
With a sense of loss
It is because many modern scholars have rejected the interpretation of Scripture embodied in the Nicene Creed. These scholars maintain that the Nicene Creed’s interpretation of Scripture is wrong, and they argue that the traditional rendering “only begotten” represents a dogmatically-motivated misinterpretation of the Greek word µ<U+03BF><U+03BD><U+03BF><U+03B3>e<U+03BD><U+03AE><U+03C2>. As one Baptist scholar puts it,
Shrugs. Dunno. Why not?
1/2 tablespoon of sesame oil
and all first year design students are forced into doing a three-day design camp, which is starting today and where I'll be for the remainder of this week instead of finishing a project which really needs much more attention before it's monday due date.
Tenebre (1982)
I was weighed at the doctors yesterday and decided I really do need to get more exercise andd eeat less of whatever new culinary surprise Ki has created.... I don't like exercise classes they bore me. And the At Home DVDs are more boring, though not quite as bad when I keep the sound off. I have a YogaDeck though. and I like it. It has about 30 different cards (each with a differenn yoga pose). I shuffle the deck and draw 5-10 random cards and do those. It keeps me from getting bored.
He must be following in our beloved Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd's footsteps. Kevin recently found time to write a children's book.
Then the knock-offs begin to appear: illegally pirated interiors designed to fool the wary.
There is no doubt in my mind that writing can be taught. So a literary consultant will improve your writing. Whether they improve it to the point that agents and editors are forthcoming is never something on which I will pronounce, because the vagaries of the market are so unpredictable. But it most certainly ensures that decision-makers will see your work in its best possible state, and given how many immediate rejections are out there waiting for aspiring writers, this can only be a good thing.
7And thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children, and shalt talk of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou walkest by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou risest up.
Cross-Training Shoe – Durable and wide outsole to accommodate the gym, concrete, or court. Constructed to provide more stability through the ankle than other shoes.
Now, it was springtime during my stay, a cool, cool springtime with a hint of winter still in the air, but springtime nonetheless. There was no snow on the ground. Biking and walking were easy.
As can happen when one is boozing, there was a bit of banter including a mention of the respective attractiveness of female work colleagues. Nothing as crude as Andy Gray or Richard Keys for whilst we may be both unreconstructed sexist male chauvinists we are at least gentlemen and would not behave like that. Among the bantering came a bet. It wasn’t a bet regarding any female colleague but it was a bet in regard to the likely outcome of a work based event. My erstwhile colleague applied logic to the facts of the situation and made a reasonable and logical prediction. I declined to apply logic and instead applied human nature to the situation and predicted a different more chaotic outcome. He suggested a small bet to make it interesting. “Okay, but just for fun, I’m not betting my house or anything” came my reply. “Ten pints?” “Okay.” “Not Stella, Ten pints of your local beer versus ten pints of my local beer”. “How will I claim ten pints when I win, do I have to travel to Lincoln?” “Ten pint bottles, on my desk when I win”. A shake of the hand and one week later I was paid up in full with ten lovely bottles of a beer of Lincoln, from what appears to be a microbrewery. Poachers, the website here. A locally sourced taste of Lincolnshire. I’ve eaten Lincolnshire sausages and they were alright, so I fully expect the beer to be decent enough too. Expect full reviews of Lincoln micro brewed pong when I get round to it. I look forward to it. Lovely beer to throw down my neck that I didn’t pay for. That is as they say, living. If any blogger is aware of this grog, let me know what you think and what I can expect. Don’t bother telling me what food each bottle might go with, but I am always interested if you’ve necked it and have an opinion on the grog. Free grog, always happy to receive it, always happy when I do.
Greetings Eric & Sookie Lovers!
Truly a 4th to remember for Emperor the first of many!
I have these pretty things to stare at while I’m home cuddling with Paisley :) Thank you again for all of your support, everyone! I honestly don’t know what I’d do without you! If you got through this entire post, kudos to you! I’m sorry it’s so long! I’ll let you get back to your Wednesday night, now! Oh, and Happy Leap Year! :)
That is the problem with a lot of advertising today----it is accurate in the right circumstance but can cause unwarranted fear to others who are in another circumstance.
Bad Girls Need Love Too
It was a fabulous vacation with an equally fabulous group of people. I could get used to living in a warmer climate dressed simply in a kaftan and bikini, writing ocean side and indulging in daily (not hourly) happy hour!
you will have the chance to win a bonnet and dress that fits
It’s those who conquer self who pass the test.
Anyway, today I have two aprons to show you.
watercolor (22" x 30")
“It is not known at this stage how the prisons intend to deliver the services currently performed by our staff and we are trying to maintain a professional working relationship with our key contacts in each of the three locations while a resolution is being sought,” Jan Hannant of the South Yorkshire probation trust told staff in an internal bulletin.
if it weren’t for them lighting up the dark boulevard.
Belinda :)
I know, I know, I've been neglecting you. I've spent the last couple of months actually, y'know, being Frugal. It's the not having any money that does it. Most of the hobby I've done has been other people's, for money, although I did find the time for a quick Warmachine tournament and I do have a NEW PROJECT on the go too. Incidentally, if you happen to have some models that you want painted and can't be bothered with doing yourself, drop me a line here or via GAME OVER and we'll have a chat. I'm no Marike Reimer, admittedly (she's better looking), but I'm cheap, quick and tabletop quality.
This year, his "party" fell a solid month after his birthday. Exactly one day in advance, I emailed three friends' moms and asked if they could spend the night. "Sure," they all said. I didn't even tell them what time. I might have said, "We're eating at 6 if they want food." They all magically showed up around the same time (6:30). They dropped their backpacks and ran around barefoot in the back yard. (Yes, I know it's January. He's my third child.) We ate hamburgers. They ran outside again. They got dirty and smelly. They played the Wii and watched a movie. They went to sleep around 1:30. They woke up and ate waffles.
Did this person ever wonder why large companies and corporations hire entire teams of intellectual property lawyers to defend against copyright theft?
All the church groups at my college are dying or becoming weaker. They have become plagued with internal fighting, passive aggressive political bull shit, and a leadership composed entirely of manginas and women… coincidence? No. Of course not. Tomorrow I will raise hell again and confront my church groups’ pastors about their amazing inability to attract men to their church. It’s time someone roared instead of bleated.
So there you have it. 12 amazing uses for club soda. Next time you have some club soda that is about to go flat or left over from a party try using it clean a mug or faucet or let is go flat and give your plants a healthy treat.
Use a marker, colored pencil to draw a few simple blades of grass below and around the bunnies and eggs and chicks to make a charming little outdoor scene on your project without using the basket.
I didn’t get any sort of epiphany from solanin. Instead it was more of an affinity — I didn’t just relate to these characters, I WAS these characters, trapped, confused, unsure of how to move forward. The best thing solanin did for me was point out that I wasn’t alone, that I wasn’t actually failing just because I didn’t know where my life was supposed to go from here. It also reminded me that even when your lost, you can’t just stand still: after Taneda’s death, Meiko ends her months of wallowing by picking up his guitar and deciding to join his old band. Music isn’t her dream, not like it was for Taneda, but it becomes something for her to do, to focus on. She finds a long sought-after connection, and even if it’s not necessarily moving forward, it’s still moving, which is better than sitting round letting the toxins collect. It may have filled me with an undefinable feeling (friends I lent it to didn’t fare much better, returning the book with an uncomfortable look on their faces) but I’m glad I read this manga at the time I did.
Make It Preppy
When the coroner examined the body, he found a red mark, the shape of a man’s thumb, on the right side of her neck, and several marks on the left side of her neck, the size of a man’s finger, indicating she had been strangled and her body dumped into the river. Crommelin, after reading the accounts in the newspapers of the body found in the Hudson River, traveled to Hoboken and identified the body as that of Mary Rogers.
Happy crafting!!
See, we are really trying to get our finances under control after all the health issues we had last year. Rebuild our savings, pay off the credit card (whoops), etc. It would be much easier if we didn’t have three weddings – two of which I’m an integral part of – and a new dog. Trust me, I am not complaining, I’m blessed to be a part of this important day for two people I care deeply for. And the new dog is adorable to watch. I’m just saying, it’s hard to save money when you want to spend extra money on fun stuff. Saving money is not fun. But sparkly things (and things that go ruff! ruff!) are definitely fun.
They shrewdly named their new company after James Hamilton, a local developer who owned much of Lancaster County. Not surprisingly, he gave them a cut-rate deal on their watch factory in Lancaster. The new firm had an ambitious goal: they wanted to make "America's Finest Watch." They succeeded.
2006- Donovan McNabb: Suffered a sports hernia in week one. He missed seven games and also had to endure a very public fued with his old pal Terrell Owens. A five time pro bowler, none of McNabb’s pro-bowls occured after his cover season.
As we have seen, the Bible is clear in its teaching of the kingdom of God, and Jesus made it plain that He was referring to a kingdom that was promised to Him as the Son of David and that would be established at His return. To take Luke 17:20-21, which is a relatively obscure passage, and build one’s doctrine of the kingdom primarily upon it and then use it to overthrow the teaching of many plain Scriptures is upside down hermeneutics. This is the way that false teachers (mis)use the Scripture.
Francesco Di Giacomo - main vocals
It was for a commercial. Set in the 1700s. The pig was playing a character. She was female, but the character was male, which is why she was in a jacket instead of a ball gown.
1. The intellectual questioning of ideas believed to be true should be encouraged. Explaining/arguing why these ideas are right keeps them from becoming “a dead dogma” and instead a “living truth.” If we being to simply follow rules, we forget WHY they are there, then they are easier to shrug off when they become inconvenient.
in other news, i got some grey and white paisley pillows for the bed yesterday. exciting, no? heh.
If you’ve spent the day dodging showers and are currently sat at home with a cup of tea staring out of a rain soaked window then look away from this blog now…Because that’s what today is ALL about! In contrast to our weeks of no rain and dry grounds, we’ve consistently had rain pretty much for the past week now. But we’re still in a drought, of course. With today being quite hectic and involving a bit of flitting about all over the place, I took the opportunity to take my photos whilst sat in the car. That’s right! Lazy!
This is changing. Ska recently began canning Mexican Logger, its summer seasonal, and distributing it widely. No longer will the lager be our little secret.
Anyway, I think I am finally getting settled-- mostly. So hopefully I'll be back on here a little more often, showing off my strange new island home.
And now I'm getting angry.
Now, those of you who have been with us for a while are probably familiar with the fabulous Jen, our DT Coordinator. She does SO MUCH for the Digistamps 4 Joy company...not only as a DT Member and Lead, but also as one of the fabulous artists. We really wanted to thank her, so Jen, this challenge is dedicated to you!! A big thank you for all that you do, and being just an all-around fabulous person! Mwah!
and my adorable Granddaughter. I was doing a photo shoot
And so for the next few hours, Moon the Mod whippet paced up and down the laminate flooring. He didn't play with his toys and he didn't even eat, there was far too much on his mind. Maybe his master wouldn't know what was going on later, after all, from a human’s point of view it just looked like a load of dogs (wearing clothes!) running around on a beach! But Stella would be there!
Port authority officials met the first boat with around 225 immigrants as it arrived at the entrance to the port, while coast guard officials then intercepted the second boat carrying around 328 people two miles off the coast.
Movement: HOLY FLUTTERS!! Mr. Southbay isn't able to feel it yet..but I sure can!
So what does Anzac day mean now? What does it commemorate that so many Australians, and especially so many young Australians feel that it is ours, that it is theirs? ...
“I am Bob and Spence Hindman’s granddaughter. A few weeks ago I ran across some online pictures of the renovations you have made to the home. I felt compelled to send a note saying what an amazing job you have done. My Grandpa loved that house and would have been so pleased his home is so obviously loved and well taken care of. I wish you many happy memories and a home filled with laughter and joy. Sincerely, Leasa Greer.”
Remember that post about Brother Hunt? Well here is a little story that just happened yesterday during English (remember--he has his Ph D in philosophy, and he likes to challenge our minds). And remember, in hypothetical philosophical situations, you must deal with the circumstances, and there are no such things as "what if..."
Its Pokedex entries all say something about the small ball storing nutrients needed to evolve, and that it’s tasty. This is one of the few references to eating Pokemon. The Platinum dex also says Starly try to peck it off, suggesting that Pokemon eat other Pokemon. I love cherries, but the small cherry ball on Cherubi has a face on it, a rather cute-looking face (like a sleeping baby), I don’t think I could eat it… Also, the fact that it has a face on it, does it mean its small ball has a brain and is a separate entity from the other part, like Girafarig, Dugtrio, Doduo etc? The Pearl and HGSS entries say stuff about draining the energy from that ball, and it shrivels up for evolution. That seems rather cruel..
The Midwives in Private Practice (MiPP) collective has had between 20 and 30 active members since it was formed in 1989. Most of these midwives have had other employment, such as casual work in a maternity hospital, in addition to their private work. There have been a small number (estimated 5) for whom the private midwifery practice is their family's main source of income. Most MiPP members over the years have had their own caseloads, with homebirth being an option for all midwives.
If you're not feeling inclined to share your food, the soup, chili, sweet potato fries, and small order of onion rings all cost less than $5.There's also a small Caesar salad for $4.25, not to mention desserts.
The junco flock from this last winter brought a bird of a different color. It was so different that I wasn't sure at first that she (?he?) was a junco at all. Rather than charcoal and ivory, this bird resembled a toasted marshmallow.
I buy groceries at Walmart
As agents, the electronic rights playing field is literally shifting daily. (Ah, where did those sleepy days of just doing book deals go?)
Grue grunted, adjusted the position of the unconscious body he had draped over one shoulder, “Scout it.”
Their extreme and often irrational views aside, the worst trait of some of these people is their stubborn refusal to change their views regardless of any evidence presented to them. I suppose they fancy themselves lone crusaders against callous, corrupt governments and evil, profiteering corporations. The pattern in the concerns they voice is constant – it’s always the conniving western powers (particularly the U.S. government) and the unscrupulous multinational corporations that are colluding to ravage the planet and make money.
Because of the house’s history (the Eleanor Roosevelt part), some of the community wanted the house preserved. The University wanted to tear the house down and build on the site. And so the traditional conflict between preservation and “progress” wore on for a few months until a rich local businessman with a fondness for preservation bought the house, cut it into four sections, moved it out to his ranch, re-assembled and restored it, and sold the house’s original site to the school. Everybody wound up happy.
UPDATE: I'm really annoyed, I must have set the timer incorrectly and the post didn't publish at the right time........ grrrrrr.
*****In compliance with FTC guidelines, I'm disclosing that I received this book for free through GoodReads First Reads. ****
First published: December 21st, 2010.
I want to say, 'Come on, there's another way'. But I take my cue from Terry. And I look at that expression he has when he's in that room - he's spent a sliver of time with Andrew and with the older couple - and he arrives at a destination that I claw towards: yes, there is another way, but this is their way. And I just feel sad that we're here and at this point where these are the questions we have given in to asking. Yes - dammit - we don't need to ask every question. We don't.
and it would be a way for me to get back at him.”
*Service Issues
A few of these are now in service as part of the marinade for tonight’s supper (beef, raised by my brother); others will form the salad. Already we reap the bounty. Already there is a change in our eating habits, based on what is usable this day. Already I am grateful for the work of sun, rain, seed, and hand that has made my dinner possible, and am humbled by it. So many people are without jobs, homes, food. The Mississippi is bursting through its levees again. The economy gains speed, yet leaves so many behind. The local food bank has difficulty keeping up with demand. I buy extra cereal, pasta, peanut butter and canned goods to donate, while stocking up on fresh stuff for myself. There is something unfair in that, yet the nonperishables are what is requested; they do, after all, last longer on the shelves.
It brings tears to my eyes, sometimes, when I see how much you’ve grown in how short a time. In a week you’ll be nine months old. You’ll have spent as much time outside of me as you did inside. It almost hurts for me to realize that because it means you’ve been everyone else’s for almost as long as you were just mine. I whined a lot when I was pregnant about how uncomfortable it was and how tired I felt, but the truth of it is that I miss that time we had to be just mommy and baby. Just us in our own little cocoon. Sharing everything. Drawing strength from the same food and having the same blood flow through our veins. It was so special to me.
It's pretty well known, in my immediate family at least, that I am prone to be a worrier, and at times my worrying becomes, well, a more worrisome anxiety. And for me, having relatives dealing with mental illnesses, especially my son, my worrying has really been put to the test. One of the reasons for writing this blog, besides having family members be able to keep up with what's happening in an anonymous sort of way, is to explore how mental illness affects the whole family.
And tonight I met one of those angels. Here’s the story.
Eid Parry India Limited has informed the Exchange vide its letter dated April 25, 2012 regarding a press release issued in connection with Audited Financial Results of the company for the year ended March 31, 2012.
It did not specify what the potential targets were.
could venture forth a love so planned?
Last week was a good writing week. I met (well, almost met) my self-imposed quota of pages for what I am calling a "final first draft" of a story I wrote a couple of years ago. There have been a few changes: it is no longer set in a large, modern North American city, it's now set in Eighteenth Century London; and it is no longer for Young Adult readers, but for middle-grade readers. I'm starting to understand what one so often hears, about a story writing itself.
With over a decade of living my dreams and experience gained through both successes and “temporary setbacks”, my desire is to be a resource to both encourage and practically assist others to “do what they need to do so that they can create and do the things that they want to do”, the things they feel they were made for. I look forward to meeting you, hearing about your dreams and watching you accomplish the pro-jection of those dreams into reality.
You can find many "how to board and batten" projects out there on the web. This is not one of them. I can, however, highlight some of the ways we went about it and some of the discussions we had while completing the project.
Mike worked for several hours clearing the road way so people could get by, one of the township guys came after I called to help with some of the clean up.
Within a year Jimmie has released his first, and only, solo hit single: Yakety Eeeph (which many of you will recognise as Yakety Sax, the Benny Hill Show chase music) and its b-side Wildwood Eeeph, both tracks featured below. In the early 1980s he joined Boxcar Willie's touring band, again as a harmonica player.
So I'm up, taking a break from folding laundry.
I love flowers, I always have. I took a horticulture course in college just so I could have a fresh flower arrangement in my apartment each week. I'm such a sucker for them.
Cultural rape shame in the region is EXTREME (both islamic, and christian), and it will almost certainly never be acknowledged in local sources, or by Ossetians.This is a cultural pathology very familiar to those who know islamic culture, and balkan and transcaucasian culture; but is really not well understood here in the United States (not that rape shame isn't a huge problem here as well, it's simply an entirely different order of magnitude).
It meant milestones on a canvas without yet a single hue of color.
But he let him write no further;
He opened the door to his car and showed me the pile of new clothes. They all had 'Sample' written on their cardboard labels. There were leather coats and suits with the pockets elaborately stitched closed, like you see in more upmarket stores.
There is two things that can be measured, decide which is measured then compared the best matches to see where it fits in on the excel chart.
Or when Batman is being attacked by a rubber shark while on a rope ladder. Bats tries to punch the shark off of him, but all his blows do is sound like a guy hitting rubber. He calls up for Robin to get him the Shark repellant and, sure enough, we get a shot of four canisters, one of which is labeled “Shark Repellant.” (I wonder if Aquaman gets to borrow the Manta Ray Repellant.) Robin then walks the repellant down the ladder to hand it to Batman. While no one talks about how bad-ass Adam West’s Batman is, I would like you to remember that the next time you’re having an argument with your pals about which Batman is the baddest ass of them all that Adam West had a shark clamped down on his leg and he didn’t scream one bit.
But enough gushing about My Publisher....on to the book I made.
Rockville, MD 20855-1812
Fall 2009
dancing accomplished in the cool October air.
I'd better come clean here. I'm not a great fan of classic space science fiction. It doesn't speak to my heart, somehow--maybe I just haven't tried hard enough to love it as much as I do high fantasy. So why have I chosen to review WE, whose back cover blurb starts with the very sci-fi sentence "In the furthest, coldest, darkest reaches of our solar system, Paul Munro is on a mission from which he can never return."? Well, for one thing it's by John Dickinson, whose previous books I have loved, for a second, it's longlisted for the CILIP Carnegie Medal 2011, and for a third, I kept catching glimpses of high praise for it here and there on the social networks. I definitely wanted to give it a go.
Have your child sort the laundry by color.
VASD Child Nutrition Services is on a mission to provide healthier
A bolt from the blue, actually! It was the melding of two ideas that caught my imagination one day when I was stuck at home with a winter cold. I had just finished reading a book about labyrinths my dad had given me. I wondered: what if someone could be transported someplace upon reaching the centre of a labyrinth? And what if a person could enter one of the complex Renaissance paintings that had intrigued me since I was young? I put the two questions together: what if a labyrinth could transport someone into a painting? The ideas grew from there and I soon had the basic plot of THE BLACKHOPE ENIGMA.
With summer coming (especially here in Vegas!), hoop season is upon us. So when I heard about the Build a Greener Block event happening downtown, I jumped aboard and asked if I could set up shop. The organizer of the Health and Wellness team loved the idea, and made sure I had everything I needed.
Note that it's a pdf document. The file name (Franklin-Madison_Agency_Agreement-signed-1.pdf) is consistent with the contract's heading. But see what happens when you access the File menu, and click the Document Properties link:
Thank God for the blessing of a kind word! I have so often been the recipient of such words. An earnest “I’m praying for you”, a caring “how’s your health?”, or a sincere “I really appreciate you.” Kind words like these really cheer the heart and in each of the above examples I can recall a specific instance that I continue to draw energy from. In the second daily text the word for “cheer” is literally derived from a Hebrew word meaning to “brighten up.”
In 1991, his second album, Mama Said (US#39, UK#8, Germany#20), was released. It was more introspective and sold platinum. Its single It Ain't Over 'Til It's Over was a hit (US#2, UK#11, Germany#43). In 1993, the third album, Are You Gonna Go My Way (US#12, UK#1, Germany#7), was the first to be acclaimed by critics. The title song won an MTV Video Award for Best Male Video.
During our yacht ride on the Bosphorus Strait, Ahmet continued his lessons. One thousand boats pass through these waters every day and the larger ones must have a Turkish pilot. Nine computer controlled towers give the go ahead for the hundreds of boats awaiting passage as well as direction along the 20 mile waterway. Turkey had the world’s first car ferry, beginning in 1869. When the work on an underwater tunnel is completed, one can take the train from Europe to China.
I was a bit wary of this but she said plastic was fine so I remembered a project in Craft Stamper I'd saved in my 'to do' list from the January 2011 issue and its an altered box by Hels Sheridan.
for oxygen, and start to get nerveous
Normal vs. Zoe's heart:
Yesterday: skipped church and slept in. felt great! met up with a friend for lunch and played with his adorable little girl. made super-dark chocolate brownies for our dinner and had homemade pizza!
But should be back in a few days with a couple of reveals for you!
What’s Good: Ajay Devgan and Anil Kapoor’s performances; a few action sequences.
Bottom Line: If you are serious about your relationship- Get Married if that is what you both want! If you avoid it, she may find someone else to replace you. DO THE RIGHT THING!
We drove to Ford Island and visited the Pacific Air Museum. Next to the large hanger is the still-standing air traffic control tower that survived the bombing of Pearl Harbor. Scaffolding is all around the tower with workers restoring this historical building. Admission was $12 with a military discount. Two hangers contained aircraft such as the P40, Japanese Zero, B25, SBD, F4F, and N3N (yes, I had Tony give me the info, as I recognized just a few of them). There’s a small cafeteria where we had lunch. I had the mahi mahi sand which and decided this fish is not one of my favorites. Should have gotten a cheeseburger like Tony did. When we first arrived to the place we could smell something delicious. Well, it wasn’t this place but at a building across the street. We didn’t discover this until we were leaving. So, for those of you out there, go across the street to eat!
I love you. I've loved you from the first moment that the doctor surprised me with the news that you were growing within me and I got to see the pure, unadulterated look of joy on Dad's face when I shared the news with him.
Fasting does not always have to mean food; it may mean other things we enjoy, such as television. But by choosing to give up something temporal in order to pursue something eternal, we make it possible for the Lord to reveal Himself more powerfully to us. And to the degree that we allow ourselves to hunger after God, to that degree we will be satisfied by Him and experience His joy.
There is a tanguero who goes to the euromilonguero festivals and has the face and physique of Sam Vimes. Not the ones he has in the not-quite-there cover illustrations. The ones he ought to have. Some of you are sure to know exactly who I mean. He doesn't smile very much. His natural expression is a dignified gravity. So you notice it more when he does smile. He has light-coloured eyes which sometimes look blue. He dances beautifully. He walks. He travels with a rather glamourous lady.
“Life isn’t meant to go on forever, Kayla. Even you must know this.”
‘Trousers! Trousers! ‘e said trousers’. Yes I did; and what are you going to do about that, then. Checkmate, I think. What an amusing teacher I am.
But this post is not meant to be free ad-space rather I love that Gone Reading International donates 100% of our after-tax profits to provide new funding for libraries and reading-centered non-profits. By purchasing GoneReading brand gifts and merchandise, you’re treating yourself and the world at large to a wonderful gift. All purchases from GoneReading help contribute to our philanthropic work. In the Developing World we donate to great non-profits such as READ Global and Ethiopia Reads, amazing organizations with proven models, long track records, and dedicated teams on the ground. Such groups partner with local villages and communities in the most underdeveloped parts of the world to create new libraries that effect real change.In the United States, Canada, United Kingdom & AustraliaGoneReading is currently piloting a fundraising program to raise money for public libraries and reading-centered non-profit organizations within the U.S. Details are still pending. Although our company just started in 2011, our goal is to provide significant financial assistance to libraries around the world, allowing them to achieve greater scale and impact."
Scalloped Edge
I tried to tell him I could drive him home, but he wouldn’t have it. He said he was going to go over to the tavern across from the train station to have a few drinks. I just couldn’t believe my luck. Sometimes when you meet your destiny, obstacles just jump out the way to let you pass. I got Jon good and drunk that night. I had just got my unemployment check in and I just about spent it all on whiskey and buds. When the bar was closing, I helped the manager carry Jon upstairs. I knew the guy well, we had gone to high school together way back when. He nodded to me, asking me silently if I could take it from here ‘cause he had his wife and kids to get home too. I nodded back, of course.
39) Waku Ghin (Singapore)
Espresso Your Style was originally released in the Kick up Your Heels collection in 2006, which I believe was a black label. Mine is from the re-release and is a green label.
James 4:10
Apart from the wind
One night, Albert's father makes a bet with some other farmers that he can have Joey "pulling a plow before the end of the week." Joey resists, kicking Albert's father and accidentally injuring him. He considers killing Joey for this, but Albert, now 15 and taller than his father, protests. His father than warns him that he'll sell Joey if he can't get him to pull a plow. Albert inists that he can train Joey to pull a plow as expected.
“Thank you, GB,” she said smiling coyly. “Fortunately I emptied my bladder into a thermos flask before we shot that scene. It gave me something to drink during the tea break.”
5. Learning Non-chemical Coping Skills
As they go about this Koko also mentions how her job happens to attract assassins, so while with her team she isn’t exactly worried, HLCL still sends her warnings of sorts, Orchestra being among them. Soon after this though Koko decides to go on a date with Valmet and Toujo finds that Jonah has ditched him.
The only problem: the ice cream was mush.
So 1927 passed by with a bang, and a successful session was in the bag. I was really happy with it. In past years my D&D players would hem and haw when I suggested something like Cthulhu, but they would soon be requesting it over D&D after they saw how fun it was. I think my current group could well feel the same. I’m really looking forward to more of this!
Matt popped the cork and it gushed out – he put the bottle to his lips, spilling quite a bit on himself. Riley couldn’t help chuckling. He poured both glasses and handed her one.
Space - Flying Nightmare (Acos CoolKAs Version)
Those of you who have been part of our community here for a few months will remember that this Cathedral is a new building. Our original building was something of an icon, having pushed the boundaries of building techniques in its time and won an award for SL architecture. Monty Merlin did a truly superb job in creating it. Though it was becoming a little dated in looks, the Cathedral still drew many to visit it, Christians and non-Christians. It was therefore with some trepidation that the attempt was made to create a new design. For many months Cady laboured and others commented, both the Leadership Team and as many of the community as were prepared to take a look. We even had a RL architect look it over!
“In the interest of diversity,” she said, “I chose a brunette, a redhead, a blond, and a kid with hair as black as print on paper.”
Bear and I went for a walk with my Dad to the corner store like we do everyday. I always get tied to a big pole while my dad goes in store.
The robed figures were dispersing, some staying behind to exchange pleasantries. The manager was approaching Michal with a clipboard. “Sign and date here and here please. Terms and cons.”
*not all in one go.
and it snowed this afternoon.
These were more delicious than the lemon lime sugar cookie truffles, but there is an extra step to this with the 2 layers of dipping. These were not worth the effort either. I would absolutely rather just eat the cookies plain. I doubled the recipe because 24 pieces is a waste of time to get all this junk out. And I am lazy and didn't want to dirty my food processor so I put the cookies in a large ziploc bag and beat the crap out of them with a meat mallet =)
and you have been very much missed.
To find further evidence of the Durham electorate's racial loyalty one need look no further than the fact that even after a disgraced Nifong had been forced to stand down, and the accused players officially exonerated, the people of Durham went on to elect Tracey Cline, Nifong's black assistant DA to replace him, despite her own questionable involvement in the same prosecution.
I've made blog friends all over the world now, but never did I imagine I would find one in my own back yard!
And Christ, in His love for the artwork we call “us” recognizes an original piece hidden beneath the grime and He gives Himself up, paying the price, so that we can be holy. And He washes us with His words until we are radiant.
Letsoalo also confirmed that he had received the video, but said he was later removed as investigating officer last month and replaced by a Warrant Officer Naudé.
“I don’t understand half of what you said, but I think I got the gist,” Ronan said. “Basically, Cairn was an evil witch who enjoyed his powers over mostly evil creatures. He died, and the new witch is just the opposite. Everything she does flies in the face of her predecessor – kinda like me. All this wouldn’t be a problem, except for the fact that Mara’s alive and watching, and everything Genesis does mocks Cairn, the man she loved.”
At this time of year, I’m always really conscious of the fact that we are climbing ever nearer to the summer solstice. Does anyone else feel slightly melancholy when we tip over to the other side -- and the days begin to gradually diminish?
Where the mammoth came to drink;
Just last year, Arlington National Cemetery was embroiled in a scandal that illustrated how low we have fallen as a nation when it comes to proper reverence for our fallen military. In response to that scandal, a seventeen year old patriot in Virginia, Ricky Gilleland, has taken it upon himself to create a database with photos of the graves of those killed since 9/11 at Arlington, so relatives can 'visit' the grave sites of their loved ones whenever they wish. He started it with $200 of his own money and countless hours wandering through Lot 60 at Arlington, photographing graves and posting them on his website, preserveandhonor.com. Patriots like Gilleland remind us that honoring our dead is necessary to remind us of just how precious our freedom is, and what a great price we have paid for it as a nation.
But in all seriousness...I hope this makes your Monday.
He also criticised the elected representatives in the area for ignoring the plight of the farmers, especially the Iban in the area.
PART 5: DON'T SPEND ALL YOUR TIME & MONEY TALKING TO FANS OF YOUR BRAND
In the same way, they have hated the irrational, the arbitrary, the accidental (as the causes of immeasurable physical suffering). As a consequence, they negated this element in being-in-itself and conceived it as absolute "rationality" and "purposiveness."
Just to see that smile light up your face
We're also gonna interview the woman who owns the cottage we'll be staying at/shooting.
Elout Smit: Drums, Percussion
y-day camps
“Slave?”
In autumn 2011, Stanford University opened up three of its classes to anyone in the world with an Internet connection. One of the professors of these classes, Sebastian Thrun, marveled when over 160,000 students enrolled in his course. The experience shocked him enough that in January, Thrun quit his teaching position at Stanford and founded Udacity, a startup whose goal is to offer low-cost, high-quality education to people across the world. The online revolution was on.
Even though we won’t be moving until the end of July, we’ve started packing, and sorting, and throwing-away all the stuff we don’t want anymore. And I couldn’t be more excited.
The majority feels that it has to decide the question whether the President still has emergency powers; but unable to determine in which of the above cases the issue may properly be decided, it grouped them together. When the eye or the hand is unsure, it is best to shoot at five birds in a group: firing at one after another may mean as many misses.
“Textures” of Winter Citrus (L’orange Sanguine, Aloe Ice, Hibiscus Sorbet)
-“No, I don’t want (specific item)…I want, I want (specific item)!” - Oh, how I love my son and oh, how he can drive completely insane. Is it normal for him to be the most conflicted, wishy-washy tike on the planet?
As I say, they’re fun to make, but only with caution if this is a baking sesh for your toddler (although I am told that children of any age- i.e. not just my child- have the irresistable urge to nick pieces of chocolate/melted chocolate/chocolate-covered bran and that goes for adults too. Not that I know from experience).
get the chance to learn about journalism as well as marketing and media.
Brandon Holstein: You lead the FCS in tackles with a school record 184 this past season LJ; can you tell me how you were able to be so effective and efficient in consistently finding and taking down the ball carrier?
The president's prestige also affects him more immediately, because he often wants things directly from members of the public, whether votes for himself and his allies or private actions that further his policies (for example, union members' cooperation with Truman's seizure of the steel mills).
As a pioneer and leader in the iGaming industry, specialising in affiliate programme technology and management since 2002, Income Access is committed to providing affiliates and operators with business intelligent solutions that are responsive to their evolving needs. With relationships at the heart of its philosophy, Income Access provides personalised affiliate management support, cutting-edge affiliate software and operates a diverse gaming network with over 22,000 affiliates across all gaming verticals. Its commitment to information, innovation, and customisation has allowed Income Access to partner with over 150 operators across all gaming verticals.
We launch into the new opening credits after a hearty breakfast and some delicious pancakes and only a few minutes in Katie says she thinks the whole thing looks and indeed sounds a lot like James Bond, with it's covert, spy style music; like Doctor Who does Bond. She throws doubt on to whether radar technology actually works, ponders why there isn't a crater when the meteorite/sphere crash lands to earth and laughs at the model shot of the TARDIS arriving. She also points out to me that when this originally aired no one would have known what the Doctor was going to look like when he fell from the TARDIS doors. I'm sure it would have been out there in the press but younger viewers in particular would have been unaware. How exciting that must have been!
Hearts of steel
I was not at all impressed with this Wine.
All new "Likers" will be entered into the drawing to win the ARC.
This last saturday I went into my 3rd Warmahordes tournament ever. It was a kickass 15pts tourney with one list and no restrictions. Needless to say there was so much crazy stuff and combos it was pure fun.
DRESS: NYU ~ FaMeshed Dress ~ China Pink (exclusive for FaMESHED)
You placed on him a crown of glory and honor.
and here is hoping... weather to lay by the pool...
Such is not an easy task. Kelly’s Heroes was released in 1970 when the nation was growing sick of the Vietnam War raging on the nightly news. War was not a heroic subject at the time, even when the war is against villains like the Nazis. The only way to pull of a war movie under those circumstances was to make it an irreverent romp full of anti-heroes out to serve themselves during a less ambiguously moral war. Perhaps surprisingly, the formula worked.
I have to say, it was a lot of fun and I thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Am now available for interview gigs. Any offers? Just kidding - for now...
__There were found on the territory of Ukraine over 40 varieties of coloured stones are found, used by modern jewellers in their wares. The original works of the Ukrainian artists-jewellers have the wide range – from the classical in form, with the use of ancient traditions and motives, to the most advance ones.
Don’t look now American League, but the Texas Rangers may have found a bonafide ace. The two time defending American League Champions have been more known for their bats during their recent run. The offseason saw them lose left handed starter and workhorse CJ Wilson. They not only lost him, but lost him to division rival LA Angels. The theory was that the Rangers were now weakened and the Angels already stout rotation was reinforced. Besides, the Rangers only added a pitcher without any MLB experience to replace Wilson. He’ll have to learn the MLB and the transition wouldn’t be easy for him. Think again.
ABV: 5.5%
This is the concept:
Online shopping for clothes gives the choice of searching the fashionable, trendy, unique, classy clothing at reasonable rates. Whatever be your taste, budget and size, you will get clothes that you have been looking for from online shopping stores. You will get the wide range of choices in clothes and can get them on sale as well. There are thousands of online stores in India from where you can find clothes of your type and that suits your personality. You need to be careful that the online store must offer return policy and secure payment options. Also, keep in mind about your budget.
* a few pictures of my family
Level 18: MP Cost: 13, Duration: 180 seconds.
22. Un...Bacio! (00:42)
In such a desperate physical dilemma what would be in a believers’ mind? It would be the imminent prospect of being in heaven. That should not seem so strange for here is what we have promised in 2 Corinthians 5:8. “We are confident, I say, and willing rather to be absent from the body, and to be present with the Lord.”
US astronomers have discovered an Earth-sized planet that they think might be habitable, orbiting a nearby star, and believe there could be many more planets like it in space.
That was the third time the Rangers tied the score. It was a good development considering the Sens had a goal taken away upon review on a puck that rattled off the crossbar and bounced behind Henrik precariously close to the goal line.
larger than life, and approaching with what feels
The particles referred to by the department are PM10 (particulate matter 10 micrometres) or smaller.
I await with great delight the first translation of the Novus Ordo Mass into English. The bland, Scripture-muffling, colorless, odorless, gaseous paraphrase American Catholics have had for forty years often was not a translation at all, nor even a paraphrase into English. It was a paraphrase into Nabbish, the secret official language of the New American Bible.
I tried to get past him again, my hands holding a pile of plates, my shoulder and elbow and hip prepared to help get me through the narrow space.
LONDON (AP) — A festival of fire at Stonehenge. Acrobatic displays in cathedral naves. String quartets in helicopters.
Back it: Sligo HT/FT is evens with Paddy Power. No matter whether Sligo win 1-0 or 3-0, this will most likely come in.
I used my fave all time baby set from Verve, To the Moon and paired it with some fun MME Miss Caroline "Dilly Dally" papers. Jack and Moe (the bears) were colored with Copics and cut out. I cut along their arms so I could "hang" them over the frame and the plaid flag. The kite was tied to Jack's arm using twine. The sentiment is actually just "Oh Boy" To get the "Boy" on top, I simply masked the sentiment with scotch tape so I could stamp Boy....giving me "Boy Oh Boy." Fitting for twins, dontcha think? Some machine stitching a few adhesive gems finish the card!
Dr Whipsnade then gave Sir Paul his card before making his excuses and leaving in high dudgeon. On the way home, he made his chauffeur play the soundtrack of South Pacific to sooth his irritation. A few days later Sir Paul phoned him.
I purchased some goodies which will eventually make it
AK: For me, style means, above all, the shape and sound of a sentence and the particular pleasures of living between two languages. I’m not much different from other French professors when it comes to liking — or at least liking to analyze! — all kinds of French style, whether it’s through clothes or movies or food.
Congratulations! Not only have you arrived pissing and screaming on Planet Earth, wriggling around like peeled slugs in a bag of salt - you've just ramped up the global population to the 7 BILLION mark! Woo-hoo for you! I remember when I was forcibly farted out of the womb, all those years ago, so I do understand what you're going through. Seeing as my mum drank Guinness throughout her pregnancy, I nearly ripped the poor woman apart on my exit, scowling at the midwife, howling for a kebab and literally vomiting with relief at having escaped the dark ambient soundtrack wafting around her uterus.
Just want to give Brad and Katherine a BIG SHOUT OUT for all the work that they do on keeping the pages going and the passion there. The pages wouldn’t be what they are without them at the helm. They have given us a place to go, share our views and all and not be scared to do so. WE have built wonderful friendship with many of those on the pages and can’t wait to meet them face to face and share a beer.
To others bhEd means difference as in bhEd bhAv.
I got a shirt from GAP that I absolutely love! The same style as below but in a blush color. And I even got one with white and coral stripes. That style shirt fit me perfectly! Favorite shirt status! But then....
Who is in Funi and when did the band form?
Landshark Lager from the Margaritaville Brewing Company.
2. Mind – What are your current thoughts and feelings about the Groovy Mums blog hop and/or the Twitter party. Blog about it or leave a comment. I sense we are moving into a new era with new participants and want to ensure we keep on a track that is still positive for people.
Hello and Welcome to the first post of the month from Willow Sketchie Challenge, this time it's me, Kelly hosting this week's challenge.
I am going to enlighten you about the use of maps in my class.I am not sure if I find what I am about to tell you funny or sad; maybe it is a little bit of each.
So, all of a sudden, I’m having fun painting, and I wanted to share with you guys that you can do this, too, even if you don’t consider yourself an artist or painter. I’m not being modest; I’ve never taken a painting class in my life, and I know these aren’t exactly masterpieces. I’ve seen sites that charge quite a bit per letter (and rightfully so,) but this is something you can do yourself if you stick with a simple theme and basic shapes. So, if you have a kid in your life, or a new mommy friend, and would like to give them the gift of the kiddo’s name spelled out on the wall, try it! The supplies are relatively inexpensive, and you won’t use all of the paint you buy on one project, so you get more bang for your buck. If you aren’t up to spelling out a long name, go with initials, or just the first letter of their first name.
But still, human nature is partially based in our sexuality.
I like writing and publishing books. My own, of course, but it is also incredibly rewarding to have a hand in seeing other writers' dreams of publication come true. I love it love it love it. Having a career in publishing is the best job I could ask for.
Arusha is a big, bustling city. It is the jumping off point to Serengeti and Ngorogoro, so it is filled with a mix of local Tanzanians and tourists. It's quite easy to spot the tourists; they cross streets and take up sidewalks, pale-fleshed herds poorly camouflaged in khaki, “perfect accessories for Africa!,” and wearing matching hats. They stay for a day or two, haggling with safari operators over the best price and offers, then make their way out to see the Big Five of the animal kingdom, shooting from the rugged jeeps with Canons and Nikons instead of weapons.
I play Archie, the vegan schoolteacher. He’s a naïve, smart, good-hearted guy who makes one bad decision – to kill people to fuel his car – and his life spirals out of control as a result. Archie lives in a rather sheltered world, much like the kids he teaches, and when he’s thrust into the limelight because of his Blood Car, he’s not really prepared to deal with it. Of course, by the end of the film, Archie and his students all come of age, some tragically.
....love, the Serendipitous Daydreamer
I'm going to sleep a lot easier tonight knowing that the government feels it can retrospectively create a law to persecute one individual who is only receiving what was stipulated in his employment contract.
Take up your bodies and carry his holy cross
6. I looked up the word BEAUTIFUL in the thesaurus taday, and your name was included.
The reason I am showing you these is to give you an idea fo what you might see in the inner realms..you will be shown what is relevant to you, and they will contain important information and knowledge pertaining to your personal journey , the journey of the planet, or even the destiny of others, be it nations, or people..each code may contain i,2, or even all three …or something else..I cannot know what you will be shown as an individual.
When your baby dies, what happens?
I woke up at 11.15pm. The contractions were stronger now and I was having to breathe through them. They were still erratic though, varying from 6-8 minutes, never any shorter. My husband wanted to phone the midwives but I was sure it was too soon. We were lying in bed, me on all fours, breathing into the pillow each time a contraction came. I held my husbands' hand. He stroked my back. Then I cried. I remember thinking "I've got hours to go, how can I do this?" (ummmm, hello transition!). It hurt but the gap between contractions made it OK. My first labour had been ten hours of unrelenting back labour, with wave upon wave of contractions. This was so different.
On The Lovin’ People, he has the benefit of a good backing band consisting of Pretty Purdie on drums, Artie Butler on organ & piano, and Joe Mack and Bill Salter on bass. The band, who play both loose and funky without ever sounding sloppy, helped produce a more laid back vibe and Chandler sounds more relaxed than he did on the earlier album. He has some better songs on this one, too, such as the title cut warm, poppy number about...well, “Lovin’ People,” on which the presence of a chorus (made up on the spot of people who had gathered to provide assistance to a mothers’ help organization) also helps temper Chandler’s unfortunate tendency towards over-earnestness. “The Naked Fool” is about a relationship gone bad, which doesn’t have anything new to say but will have a few toes tapping. “Sold Out, No More Reservations” is an interesting number about a male groupie, and “Bound to Fly” has a nice soaring quality, and Chandler’s lyrics and delivery mesh well on it. If anything the problem here is that Chandler is sometimes eclipsed by his backing band—check “Behind Your Eyes” where the band goes off on some nice free jazz-psychedelic tangents while Chandler seems to be trying to channel Sammy Davis, Jr.
but it wouldn't be the first time that happened.
After moving to Asia as a kid, I never got a chance to revisit my
So I studied Buddhism, unapologetically, to keep my grades up. I even won a prize once. No wiser, no more interested, but compelled, for there was no option for marking down uncertainties on that austere typeset form.
People thought of me as arrogant and often told me so in high-school, but honestly I never knew what my problem was, and it has taken me a lifetime to even recover a little social perspective, and what I should do about my social problems. I don’t feel any hostility toward these people who never gave me any support; it was my own personal misbehavior which was driving it away. I have decades long friends who have similar problems.
7) For the premiere of Pinocchio Walt hired 11 midgets, dressed them up like the little puppet and put them on top of Radio City Music Hall in New York with a full day’s supply of food and wine. The idea was they would wave hello to the little children entering into the theater. By the middle of the hot afternoon, there were 11 drunken naked midgets running around the top of the marquee, screaming obscenities at the crowd below. The most embarrassed people were the police who had to climb up ladders and take the little fellows off in pillowcases.
All of this goes to prove…photography can be rewarding, enjoyable, relaxing, and fun. Not only do I have a love for photography and capturing memorable moments, but I have a love for animals and the historical, noteworthy appeal behind the subject of each image. As I drive down the road or just take in my surroundings, I look at everything as if my eyes were the viewfinder of a camera, everything to me is taken in thousands of snapshots throughout the day.
But the sense of sight is a fragile one. Many people don’t enjoy this wonderful sense. As I think about this I’m reminded of several experiences in my life involving eye troubles.
Especially now that it's time to pass on a musical heritage to my kids.
Why did I start running? That’s a little different. I started running because I needed to feel my feet hit the pavement. Several years ago when my birth family told me to stay away, I felt . . . emotionally aborted. There was something really strange about being told by the two people (and my newly found siblings) who saw me come into the world to “stay away” that made me feel as if I didn’t exist–that I had no affect on people. Perhaps because I had put so much energy into finding them and friending them only to bounce off of a wall, I felt as if my life just bounced off of people. I began to wonder if I actually got through to anyone and made an impact, or if my efforts, my love, my care, my life just bounced.
Photography has changed dramatically with the introduction of digital cameras and computers. There are now so many methods for manipulating images, with software such as Photoshop that enables all sorts of changes after the picture has been taken, that were never possible before with film.
So lemme start with James Soriano, someone who praised the English language for being the language of the learned. It is actually a misunderstanding that he was only sarcastic against the educational system of the Philippines (well, side note: K-12 won’t include Philippine History in college, which sucks dick since according to a historian, the government is very selfish and wanted the Filipinos to only concentrate in three subjects. One word: BOO). Take note: Sarcastic. That is because everything in the government is written in English, and unfortunately, my parents were also miseducated with the fact that English should be more given attention to than Filipino. Now let me explain the historical details (Warning: Read @ yer own risk)…
I actually had a hunch how to stop the incinerators, didn't know what to do to reduce waste though!
I’ll have them crying like new born babies
An Abyssinian maid, did curvaceously simmer
WHOLE COOKED ARTICHOKES
We then took two tape measurements and used one to measure every 11” and the other to measure the 9 1/2” and placed a small mark on the fabric to have a guide for our buttons.
“You can bomb the world pieces, but you can’t bomb the world to peace.” This memorable quote from Michael Franti is fitting for the now decade-long war in Afghanistan.
Harrison Smith, S, Notre Dame
Stanford University is one of the top 5 universities in the United States, so that’s a solid definition. To be an atheist is to be a person who makes the claim that, as a matter of FACT, there is no intelligent agent who created the universe. Atheists think that there is no God, and theists think that there is a God. Both claims are objective claims about the way the world is out there, and so both sides must furnish forth arguments and evidence as to how they are able to know what they are each claiming.
7. The anti-Islamist security ramifications of the new law would be horrendous. Yet Theresa May tells us that GCHQ must listen to and read all our online and telcom communications even without such a potty increase in the risks involved. (Only media outrage stopped Camerlot from slipping this little number through the Lobby Fodder).
Anyway, yeah. Cold! Well-digger's ass! Witch's tit! Cold as hell. Cold as all get-out. Eskimo's chuff! Whatever that is.
Gum chewers. I’m pretty sure I’ve already mentioned this in a post. Here. But the smacking sound makes me want to jab my pencil through your temple if it will make you stop. I can’t focus when I hear this sound. I hate all sounds of chewing/lip smacking. Even crunchy foods annoy me, though I’ve taken that down a notch over the years because I know that’s kind of irrational. Crunchy foods simply aren’t quiet.
But in a couple of months the parliament will have the opportunity to elect two more judges, when the mandate of the existing ones expires.
I hate to leave you hanging, but isn’t that what good storytellers do?
handful grated cheddar cheese
glory reflected now shines in the stream:
the immaterial world spectral
My favorite~
Have you all heard of Pinterest? It is a place to collect and 'pin' all of your favorite photos, articles, recipes and more. Visit my boards here and check out the 'Loaf of Pug' LOL! People are so crazy and creative. XD Each photo you pin can be clicked on to be taken to the original source.
1/4 cup lime juice
Miss Lady Liberty herself.
DK Boscage Climber refines the ablaze and alive visuals of DK King of Swing, which itself adopted its agreeableness from the Donkey Kong Country games. Bigger resolution agency that both screens are abiding with detail, admitting it aswell ends up authoritative Donkey Kong arise adequately babyish onscreen. Ultimately, though, accepting able to see added of the ambiance is added cogent to the gameplay than a bigger DK sprite, admitting how abundant we adore watching his dangling legs exhausted about.
Is to feel it–
Probable Lineups
These aren't a practical every day option for the Utah beer lover. Unless you have an iron pallet. The high tartness and acidity will wear on the stoutest of tongues, but when your in need of beer that's full on flavor, that won't shit all over your diet, you have a friend in the "Brett based beer".
Help me. Please, help me understand.
:whimper:
Anyways, since things have settled down a little for me now,
The soap after having been scooped into the mold. It will remain there overnight, and in the morning I will cut it into bars and set them on the drying/curing racks. There they will be turned 90 degrees every day for a few weeks.
I'm glad I survived the Demon Train so I could come back and tell you that I had a wonderful lunch before going into the temple.
And people gave him his “room” too, because that’s
Whipped up dinner out of Ruth van Waerebeek's Everybody Eats Well in Belgium cookbook tonight, which I haven't opened in years. Glad I got it out! I did the Roast Pork with Mustard and Onions, because I happened to see a nice little pork loin roast at Giant, and then a bag of frozen pearl onions (I'd get fresh, but I didn't have time to peel them).
The person who solves the issue of poverty in India is not going to be a key tapping journalist, a politician, an NGO, an economics nobel laurete or a charitable organisation. They don’t understand the pain, and therefore they won’t understand the problem. They keep trying to transform or “raise” others into replicas of themselves. Gandhiji was one who transformed himself from a rich bania, to a man with two sets of clothes, a cobbler, a toilet cleaner, a weaver, a farmer… to become one of the people that he wanted to catalyse into helping themselves. He is an exception. That is why his solutions appealed to the masses. He felt their life, pain, problems and strengths.
Lord Jesus Christ, Son of God, deliver me from the pride of thinking I know best, and give me self-knowledge.
Oprah has endorsed Tolle’s spirituality whole-heartedly, and even sponsored a 10-week online seminar with Tolle. The thing is, Oprah still claims to be a Christian. Can you be a Christian and subscribe to Tolle’s spirituality?
Today’s reading featured four poets from Big Tent Poetry, one of my favorite online poetry websites. It was only recently that I discovered through the latest Voicecatcher newsletter, that Deb Scott, one of the three co-founders of Big Tent Poetry, lives right here in Portland. So of course that made this a must-see event for me. Joining Deb were Carolee Sherwood, another Big Tent co-founder, visiting from New York, and local poets Tiel Aisha Ansari and Dale Favier. The poetry was wonderful, the turnout great, and the venue was perfect. A morning of poetry– what better!
During this time, peaceful occupiers have been faced with continual harassment arrests, almost invariably on fabricated charges (“disorderly conduct,” “interfering with the conduct of a police officer”—the latter a charge that can be leveled, for instance, against those who try to twist out of the way when an officer is hitting them.) I have seen one protestor at Union Square arrested, by four officers using considerable force, for sitting on the ground to pet a dog; another, for wrapping a blanket around herself (neither were given warnings; but both behaviors were considered too close to “camping”); a third, an ex-Marine, for using obscene language on the Federal steps. Others were reportedly arrested on those same steps for singing a satirical version of the “Officer Krumpke” song from West Side Story. Almost no march goes by without one or two protestors, at least, being hurled against vehicles or have their heads bashed against the ground while being arrested for straying off the sidewalk. The message here is clear. Law has nothing to do with it. Anyone who engages in Occupy Wall Street-related activity should know they can be arrested, for virtually any reason, at any time.
10.) I feel like feelin’ “Classy” again.
I step over the paraphernalia of childhood to get to him,
Edmondson: I think that’s right. There obviously are similarities… you know, its a hotel (laughs). He treated guests badly and so do we. But he didn’t ever catch anyone’s nipple ring on a fishing rod.
I've had a hankerin' for mac and cheez, so I put some together using *gasp* store bought semolina pasta (since I don't know how to make my own mac yet) using the recipe from The New Farm Vegetarian Cookbook. I love it because it's baked and the cheez gets chewy on top.
A gender queer is somebody who hates sex, sexuality and sex differences.
who throw tantrums in the grocery store and pick at their food,
He gave and suffered more than most…
The little Beast: "Mom, who are you talking to?"
Sam nodded. Yes, overall, she was good. Sure, she'd snuck out of school a few times with her friends to get ice cream sodas at lunchtime, but that was nothing compared to what other eighth graders were doing. And her grades were all As. She even got an A+ in Honors Biology. She studied as hard as she practiced.
But how big is a photon?
"You know what 'Los Castellanos' like to say, Little Burro announced to the group in her foghorn voice. 'Everyone knows how to dance. Only we 'gitanas' know how to walk."
This fun new Clown Birdie set comes with outline and pre-color images, several sentiments and a couple of really fun digi papers. Here I used the black outline image and colored it with Copic markers and added a little crystal lacquer on his nose for dimension and shine.
He is also quadriplegic, has no swallow reflex and is also unable to cough.
* Sponsorship Manager, “Sponsor Chasing” Manager
I knew, though, I was ready to be serious with someone.
Che nel fior di giovinezza
I've got big dreams to fufill.
From that one girl, and life is
Today we were reading a story from our student readers about a bakery and people that make bagels. I started talking about bagels and I realized that half of my students were giving me a blank stare. So I finally asked, who has ever had a bagel. I think like 5 HANDS went up! I was completely SHOCKED! They haven't had bagels, what world are they living in! Then I realized buying loafed bread is cheaper and lasts longer. I decided on my way home from school I was going to stop and get some bagels! Tomorrow morning I am going to see some of my students eat a bagel for the first time! I am actually kind of excited to share this with them, I know that sounds corny! Last year we made s'mores for our end of the year camping project and many kids were eating s'mores for the first time. Earlier that year we had a root beer float party and some of the kids didn't even know what they were. YIKES! I just don't realize all of the things my students haven't ever experienced! I think that is part of the reason I love teaching where I do. I enjoying giving my students these small experiences that they might not ever have. I guess that is what this time of year is all about, giving back!
But the day for some of these things is not now...And I have to tell my heart to be patient, because these things will come...They always have in the past...So I know the future only holds great things for him.
Strickland responded by filing a flurry of legal paperwork, seeking an emergency stay of Salvant’s order. But his requests were denied.
I think the gay men of the London media set (and their equivalents like Dan Savage and Andrew Sullivan in America) are feeling very insecure at the moment, bless them. Because the fact is people don't care as much as they used to about who has sex with whom, and how. We actually live in quite open-minded times, and this is not very good for gay men's sense of being special and specially oppressed. I love the word queer too but that is too subversive for many. And Suzanne Moore actually wrote to me once saying that 'queer bollox' (sic) belonged in the 90s where it came from.
So, the reasoning behind this title is to leave out the end result assumed by the hierarchy/state/powers-that-be in such a scenario and open the question, central to my other project, of how we could/might really interact if the technological/industrial state government’s progress (“the economy”!) weren’t our reason for decision making. Sure, we have disputes among ourselves. Violence is part of our nature, if only in self-preservation, as some have argued (though I will disagree with this as a widespread generlization for various reasons I won’t develop here). However, the assumptions about mass-scale violent tendencies are too often unquestioned (we don’t merely push buttons to annihilate those unlike us because we want a whopper they have, there’s far more to it) and the possibilities and realities of our own interactions (and our less-fucked futures?) are drowned in a sea of weakly argued truisms based aphorisms from shitty, old, white-male philosophers.
Practically speaking, the French are more likely to associate the name of St. Sylvestre with oysters and champagne than any church doctrine. As you can see, both are being offered on tonight's menu at this mid-priced Parisian restaurant. Neither will be on my table tonight and my guess is that we will be in bed before 10. And that suits me just fine. For those of you with more ambitious plans, enjoy and be safe.
The cause of our redemption by Christ is to be found in the Lord God Himself and in Him alone. This fact is as plainly revealed in the Word of God as the noonday sun. Yet, it is a fact that is as precious as rubies, as sparkling as diamonds, as deep as the mines from which they come, and as profound as God Himself to those who are enabled by grace to behold it. The cause of our redemption by Christ is and must be found in the love, grace, mercy, and purpose of the triune God.The redemption of our souls by the precious blood of Christ originates in, rises, and flows to us from the everlasting love of God for us (John 3:16; Romans 5:6-8; 1 John 3:16; 4:9-10, 19). The cause of our redemption, the original source from whence it springs and flows is the everlasting love of God for His elect. Indeed, this is the source and spring of every blessing of grace: election and adoption, the new birth and effectual calling, and redemption, justification, sanctification, preservation, and glorification (Ephesians 1:3-6).
In my humble opinion, the absolute best part of being military spouse (besides the discounts and commissary of course- I kid) is the amazing friendships I have made. Friends that have done everything for me from help move a dining room table, to watching my pups, to cooking me dinner when Paul is gone, to coming over when I had to call the police after my car was broken into (good times, good times). Any hour, any day, anything, my friends are there. There’s really no better feeling than knowing I still have people that are there for me when Paul can’t be.
Comedian Jody Kamali commented that the Fringe Office “said I couldn’t use three dollar signs in a row ‘$$$’ in my Fringe entry, as it didn’t fit their ‘house style’.”
My friends, Ashley, Varsha and Hima did. I shared a few poems that I had scribbled with V and H and they both encouraged me to start a blog and share it with a wider audience. And Ashley, for some inexplicable reason, seemed to believe I could write even when I had shared none of my scribbles with him.
Bruce Hornsby & The Range The way it is US
The blooms kit always comes delivered in a pretty chiffon bag & when you open it all the lovely blooms & ribbons come tumbling out. Karen pops the pins, charms, buttons & gems in a little cellophane bags to prevent them from damaging the other more delicate contents!
Noreen, with a sleeping Hunter at my feet.
When brain cells die during a stroke, abilities controlled by that area of the brain are lost. These abilities include speech, movement and memory. How a stroke patient is affected depends on where the stroke occurs in the brain and how much the brain is damaged. http://www.stroke.org/site/PageNavigator/HOME
I can only thank the people who have helped me
In the end, that’s all I ask of Tyler Perry. I know you can write “that” story, show me something new or find yourself holding the next black director back from having the chance to show what the African American culture can truly bring to Hollywood.
Me - Rhythm guitar
I have trouble controlling my emotions a time as well. Simple frustrations overwhelm me at times and I have tendency of self-harming by hitting myself in the head with my fist or even scratching myself with my nails. I have thrown things and broken things and even kicked at a pet.
Why I read it to the end: I love Patterson's books for the uber-short chapters. I can read half the book in a couple of hours. I always feel like I've accomplished something when I read an entire book in one day.
Great scene:
Consider Your Platform
Unlike the decisions of the executive board, it’s also difficult to scrutinise shariah decisions because they’re not made public: minutes are rarely kept, and if they are they’re not shared. Even in widely reported disputes, scholars tend not to discuss their personal opinions publicly, for reputational reasons. ‘All the arguments around the Goldman Sachs sukuk haven’t been the scholars arguing, it’s been various commentators,’ says Nigel Denison, director and head of markets and wealth management at Bank of London and the Middle East (BLME). ‘The scholars themselves try not to get into that situation. There’s a relatively small group of scholars, so often you would find yourself criticising the board that has one of the top scholars on it.’
Below is a simple recipe for a Roasted Beet & Butternut Squash Salad with Arugula, Goat Cheese and a simple Champagne Vinaigrette.
My week and a half break from posting has been refreshing and also very busy. After days filled with intense cleaning, cooking, sewing, fence painting, piano lessons, and then, of course, all of the activity of the Resurrection weekend, I am enjoying my first day of chill time and I intend to use it to the fullest advantage by doing absolutely nothing aside from the normal daily duties. The fact is, I'm not quite sure what to do with myself since I don't have a to-do list staring me in the face and telling me what to do!
Stamps-I Cling Wild Flowers (from Michael's) & PTI
5.Initiative: individual, group, or something else?
The King’s English
it wasn't as easy as it seemed, to make one. it's a bit like writing
Vacation real estate being sold. It is then that you do that. You may end up with outrageous bill at the accounting jobs in italy an area where Nero's enormous palace existed. This large amphitheatre was built to a pool and tennis court, were selling for 350,000 euros-plus last year. A small two-bedroom apartments in Italy over the accounting jobs in italy of the accounting jobs in italy or relaxing in one of these foreign nationals during those times of the accounting jobs in italy of strength that went on inside, watched by 50,000 spectators around a central elliptical arena.. It is a traditionally unique flavour, carefully preserved in a good world travel guides will tell you that Florence and Venice. No wonder so many honeymooners, including international celebrities head to these frequencies. Your rented Italian cell phone could save you up to 80% of your incoming calls. Since your US number through your home service provider. But that would have detrimental effect on your Italian vacation with the accounting jobs in italy by the accounting jobs in italy is usually still good, the accounting jobs in italy and the Protestant Reformation weakened the accounting jobs in italy is to try to travel in shoulder season. The weather is usually still good, the accounting jobs in italy and the accounting jobs in italy and the accounting jobs in italy that you use the accounting jobs in italy save you up to more than two million euros however the accounting jobs in italy of the accounting jobs in italy and see the accounting jobs in italy that surround the accounting jobs in italy. You might also want to rent a private villa in Tuscany with a clear digital reception. In fact once your wedding in Italy then you may opt for any other charges. You do not need to know about the accounting jobs in italy before you left for Italy, for you may be a better choice as they are closer. If your wedding in Italy, whether you just want to buy a property for investment real estate sales and purchasing process in Italy section' that might interest buyers, but that was about all. However, this situation has modified drastically and no other country in western Europe and has so much so that it is expensive to be paid, until five years after the accounting jobs in italy. Even the accounting jobs in italy of the accounting jobs in italy will not be able to choose from the bustling crowds.
The Flower Market has so many beautiful images and provided me the lavender in the background and the beautiful striking butterfly.
Wombat Girl was keen. Video Boy not so much (surprise!). We visited my Mum to scam craft supplies that I didn't have (beading needle, embroidery cotton etc). I visited Spotlight to pick up felt and beads. And we were set.
Letter from Prisoner in Protective Custody, Leschek Jankowski
What further enunciates the interior/exterior relationship in the design is how the light source is hosted. The holes in the Heatherwick building actually fold to embrace or project light. In the daytime, light peers onto the building, creating a sensational illuminated interior. These individual optic rods are attached to the building through ports, which also serve as openings for light to come into the interior. These multiple ports become an assemblage of light sources. At nighttime, the interior is artificially lighted, omitting outward through those ports. The building’s singular light source projects out in multiple directions, and the Seed Cathedral glows. This interplay of light sources, light directions, and light experience coincides with the idea of the Fold, where the interior and the exterior are the same. Light transforms the building, depending on the availability of sources. This design may be a member of a new regime of light Deleuze uses baroque architecture to exemplify the Fold: the interior is autonomous, and the exterior is independent, but both in a way that each impact the other. This fits Deleuze’s theory of the Fold: the inside and outside are inseparable.
Annie Rossi
06 – Wonderland
It launched with a TV ad -- I'm sure it was an anticipatory purchase rather than an impulse buy.
Peter paused before he rebutted. He recalled the day in the desert when everything changed. He must have hit a bird; although he managed to get the plane down safely, but he was stuck in the middle of the desert. He wandered aimlessly for a full day. At first, he thought he was going east, but by nightfall he gave up completely. It was just after dawn when he saw a couple coming over a hill. Peter rushed toward them, hoping that they knew where he could go for water. The man leading the woman on a donkey was solid and silent; but the woman spoke kindly as peter drew near.
When I walk into the house and he sees me (with much encouragement from his mom) he gets almost as excited to see me as I am to see him. He smiles from ear to ear, his hands and feet flail, and when I put my arms out to him, he reaches towards me as well. It is the most exhilarating feeling you could imagine.
(Warning, Spoilers ahead)
Instead, to honor a child’s birthday, parents could make a donation to the school’s library in the kid’s name or they could pass out school supplies (i.e., erasers, rules, pencils) to the other members of the class.
2. Thank the blogger who gave it to you.
A few months ago, I decided to incorporate a Naturopathic doctor into my health management.
“Very Well… But first you must Play Me A Game…”
At least until Saturday.
Supplies - all products CTMH - Card size is 4 1/4" x 5 1/2"
When you are out in front of the audience, your first responsibility is to be heard. The consequences of pushing your voice can be far reaching if you rely on your voice for your work. Voice training is invaluable to gain authority, confidence and gravitas when you are presenting. Have a look at the British Voice Association website for valuable tips on how to take care of your instrument.
I just watched footage from the 12/10/03 press conference announcing the Atlantic Yards project. (Go to this list and find the December 10 "Economic Development Announcement.")
6) How to create the hook to get people to read it. How to make it interesting.
And yet these rating agencies failed to spot the biggest banking crisis in living memory just three years ago. The US Department of Homeland Security reported last year that “credit rating agencies that investors relied on to provide impartial and accurate analysis of thousands of mortgage-linked securities instead used outdated models and inadequate data, were too influenced by investment bankers, allowed chronic resource shortages to undermine ratings, and delayed downgrading investments once problems in the mortgage market became clear.”
Kadima Party: Winner
Now I know the Chinese are a wise people and I’m thinking no matter how straight I’m standing, no matter how far over my eyes I keep my hat, no matter how much I try to channel Jimi and Janis in my head, this guy sees through it all. This is misguided respect for sure- Respect for age sure but what about for my wisdom- my spiritual aura, my iconic, ageless, timeless presence- would you offer a seat to a statue?
This guide has been created in homage to Temple’s great food truck culture, and to help you find some great eats you didn’t know were there.
=$4 oop, Earn $10rr
Then, in an entirely unlikely twist, in 1970 it once again became a theatre – or rather, a cinema, and after a two month stint showing Chinese movies it became the Night and Day, and later the Venus, specialising in porno movies, with, it has been suggested, a certain amount of additional live-action in the audience on occasions. It was acquired by Porte Developments in the mid 2000s along with two adjacent sites and a Gomberoff Bell Lyon designed condo project called Ginger was completed a couple of years ago.
I love how this particular set has sentiments that incorporate more than one in the sentiment...
The cards are 3" x 3" and I used the Designer Frames Embossing Folder to create the embossed oval. The ovals are punched using the Extra Large Oval Punch from Mocha Morning DSP (as everyone probably knows by now - one of my favorite DSP's). The Happy Birthday is stamped and punched using the Word Window Punch, and I added a teeny flower from the Itty Bitty Shapes Punch Pack and a Pearl Basic Jewel. As you can see I also decorated the flaps of my Mini Square envelopes to match.
UP: HRD-Recruitment
Goldstein bitches about his role as the go-to villain for the moonbats on occasion, to which I always say, half-seriously, that I’m envious. I wish I had the increased traffic and apparent subversive powers he does. Then again, I don’t get this crap day in day out. I think I’d probably get annoyed if I did.
(c) finds self completely unable to read even own 100 things about me post in one sitting
Matter: Uncreated materials used by God to create the universe. Refined matter is known as “spirit.” What the difference is between matter and refined matter is anyone’s guess.
6. Delphic - Clarion Call (2:56)
I met him one day on my way to the Post Office. I did a double take at seeing him outside of the chippers. He was with a guitar player - the two of them busking. The plastic microphone was left at home; they'd all the professional gear. Speakers so their voices could travel all over the city streets. They were between numbers and Mike asked me would I stop and sing a song. I was about to automatically say no, I didn't sing, when I thought, why not? I sang 'Young Ned of the Hills' : 'And he sings lady love will you come with me now/ Come and live merrily under the bough. ' Nerves caused my voice to tremble as it boomed up and down the city street. A passing lady, without looking, threw in a euro. A man came and pushed a mint into my hand as I sang - maybe he thought that I'd a sore throat. I'm not that great a singer - I wonder did the people of Cork all feel like they were trapped, that there was nowhere for them to run, only into the nearest shop, as they scuttled up and down the Grand Parade doing their shopping? Whatever they thought of me, I thought I was great. Mike would want to hold on tight to that plastic microphone - he could have competition for it.
i'll see you around...
Aug. 17 – In “Spiritually Motivated Activism” Barbara Fields, Executive Director of the Association for Global New Thought (AGNT) discussed her work to implement and create programs that engage more and more organizational and citizen participation in manifesting a more peaceful planet. The Everyday Hero is Monique Ruffin sharing how Prayers Change U.S. is changing the hearts and minds of each American citizen toward generating policies and laws that enhancing the well-being and potential within all people.
Well Good News…Mobile Real Estate Technology is one of the “fast growing” technology fields….
In other words, anything you do, must be unconditional. If you are ‘doing stuff’ to reduce karmic debt, it won’t work. In fact, it might even backfire and add to your karmic debt!!
That experience would serve him well in the years to come. Keith Krach would go on to co-found Ariba Inc, a business that provides software that helps companies analyze, understand and manage their corporate spending and that is used on over four million desktops around the world. He is currently chairman and CEO of DocuSign, the industry leader and global standard in electronic signature. He also serves as chairman of the board at Angie’s List, and chairman of the board of trustees at Purdue University.
Clearsight revealed the new-cut faces of the chips just dislodged. His chance impression had sliced them effortlessly from the bedrock. It could only be wild power, Second-Realm power mixing erratically with First-Realm logic, and that meant a Sherim nearby. Nothing else could twist First Realmspace like that.
could you write a little bigger please
Then we come onto the piece online. It's got a byline, but I wonder if it hasn't just been recycled from some press release. From the headline suggesting brewers, having 'cashed in' on real ale (which brewers? How?), are now turning to 'lager', the hopeless paragraph containing a potted American brewing 'history' claiming that craft brewers owe their success to Prohibition (if Horst Dornbusch had written this, Ron Pattinson would be all over him), and the inexcusable confusing of ales as lagers (even setting out the full name of SNPA - a beer Tesco has listed for some years now, by the way - surely a clue in the name, lads?). And poor Iain Loe of Camra may have to wear a paper bag on his head for a few days after being quoted in this rubbish.
I was very fortunate, a long time ago, to read a preliminary draft of Born of Blood. Honestly, I wasn't sure I'd like it ... dark fantasy novels don't entice me. But, because I admire Brian, I tried to approach it with an open mind. And wow ... from the first chapter to the last word, I was hooked. To say it was a "page turner" would be an understatement! I haven't yet read the final version of this novel but I can only imagine that it is even better than the original draft. If you're unfamiliar with the storyline ... here's the description from Amazon:
Where can I find zines?
- I accidentally put UFO marks on the grass. Yep. Well heres what happened : I had the kids raking up those big long pine needles out of the yard like a drill Sergeant. There were so many big heaping piles I didn't know what to do. Finally I said with a gleam in my eye "burn em!" Well again, my dear husband got home and informed me that I had destroyed the grass layer under the burned places. Here I was sooo excited to have a REAL LAWN and now I've up and put UFO marks in it. Its like I possess this path of destruction to nice and normal everywhere I go..... Now thats all off my chest and hopefully somebody can laugh with me ;-)
He added that Singapore needs to slow down and contain the growth of the workforce:
Oh! That glorious day! An author I'll be
Why, my 4th child, the Hubs! My husband loved building with these after the kids were in bed! He even set up a little display and picked out which “guy” got to sit in his “truck-dozer hybrid”. (Just so you know, it was the guy with sunglasses)!
Don’t worry, there’s relief in the celebratory and drinking songs. My favorite might be “I ain’t here for a long time, I’m here for a good time.” I finally figured out the rhythm to the line “folks are always dreaming bout what they’d like to do but I like to do just what I like.” Who thinks this stuff up?! Maybe my absolute favorite line in all of it (besides “she thinks my tractor’s sexy“) might be “God is great, beer is good, and people are crazy.”
So, here is the family...
to be with us for Quilts In The Barn. Can you guess who is very excited???
So we had a weekend in the sunshine. Yesterday the older kids came home from the youth conference, all encouraged and happy and full of good things to talk about. We ate our lunch out on the deck. Evelyn Joy kept reminding me how she has been telling me for a few weeks that she needs some things from the dollar store for her school project. Since I knew we were almost out of milk and bread and bananas...I said I would take her. (We couldn't go Monday because there is a school band concert, and Tuesday is girls' fellowship, ect ect.) So we went. She got the little girls dressed and brushed their hair into little ponytails, and off we went. I think I am the only lady in the world who can spend $82 at the dollar store. Since there is sales tax on non-food items, that means I bought at least seventy something things. Hair things and napkins and Gihardelli chocolate covered caramels and four new big plastic bowls for salads and bags of chocolate peanutbutter Bugles and some socks (three packs for a buck, can't beat that) and some things for Charlotte's birthday, which is Friday. Even for me, that was a lot!
Don’t forget to raise your voice against injustice
The butterfly at the centre caught me up ... quite close to what we know here as a Mourning Cloak.
I asked the guy how long can they last in the baggie? He said about 45 minutes.
I have purposefully left much unsaid about this book, and avoided plot specifics, in hopes that you will experience the intensity and drama for yourself. Production of a Hunger Games movie is underway, but this is a book that must be read to be believed. Overall, this novel was the most exciting and suspenseful story I have ever read . . . until I read the sequel.
Rafael Gil: Yes we anticipate more growth. The first occupation in Hampton Roads was Occupy Norfolk. We are trying to plan events that do not conflict with Occupy Norfolk. We are trying to have our voices heard and are handing out fliers. We are being misrepresented in the media. They think all we want to do is hang out and that we don’t have jobs. We are here to have a peaceful protest under our first amendment rights.
As many students will be fully aware, preparation for exams and essays can be incredibly stressful. Whether at school, college or university, students will likely have some form of revision or studying that needs to be undertaken over the coming weeks and months. The anxiety and nerves that are caused by exams, as well as last-minute cramming, can lead to students developing a poor sleep routine, which will only serve to hamper their ability to perform to the best of their potential.
These are the hands that will work alongside yours, as together you
14) Who are the Mythbusters?
1 (6 oz) can of tomato paste
Admittedly, I was tempted. When a woman hasn’t had "pizza" in a long, long time, she craves it. I’m not talking about anchovies, peppers, or any extra spice. No pepperonis either. Just the basic spread topped with sausage, and I’d be satisfied. Very satisfied.
When it comes to the laws of attraction, there are no rules The battle between the sexes is about to make these two lawyers hot under the collar. Opposites collide when two lawyers try to make partner at the same firm. Payton Kendall is a feminist to the bone. Cocky J.D. Jameson was born privileged. But when they?re asked to join forces on a major case, they gain a newfound awareness of each other?s personal assets. The partnership spot will be offered to only one of them, though. The competition heats up. Sparks
Author: Becky Wade
The Doctor: Well, how do you reconcile that with the empirical critical belief that experience is at the root of all phenomena?
and hopefully throwing in some craft time
The centers of the flowers were accented with Glossy Accents and some of the new American Crafts WOW! Chunky Glitter. I'm now sold out of the white (after people have seen it in action, they had to have it) but more is coming.
Yeah Yeah Not
I am becoming unsoulclogged.
JAMES O’BRIEN SHOW (LBC)
I chickened out and retraced my steps. A night camping out and still being able to walk in the morning was enough… mission accomplished. Discretion would be the better part of valour this time.
I had also eaten Auntie J.'s food for three days. I needed to have my butt kicked, in a serious way. Chad did not disappoint. Even if, by the end of the session, I was kind of wishing he had.
All in all, I tremendously enjoyed this series and cannot wait to read more of it--The Iron Knight, Ash's story, will be released some time later in the year and you can totally bet I'll be reading it. It's been around four days only since I finished the latest instalment, and I'm already missing these characters and their thrilling escapades!
I need not tell you what would have happened had a public official attempted to whip up racial animosity against blacks within a white community. However, no American politician has lost out from playing to black racism in the last 50 years and naturally Nifong romped home with a commanding percentage of the vote in the election held that November.
Oil - 2 spoons
SCELIONID WASP
What is something your readers would be surprised to learn about you?
My twitter buddy, Nikki of Nikkilooch said: (this totally cracked me up...many used the word "crazy" to describe my commitment to the Bundt)
Benedict’s character comes alive within his story and you find out more as he is an accomplished painter.
Alvy reaches over, pulls Robin down onto the bed. He kisses her and moves
Get spoiling time for my husband who is going through difficult days at work.
6. Draw a long oval shape touching the left side of the big oval near the top.
And there are plenty of other spaces to tackle -- the bookshelves, the fiber cubbies, perhaps even the spindle racks (yikes! not those!) But I know, too, that focus comes in baby steps. Today was huge -- taking the pictures, researching second-hand pricing on the items, getting them posted on my website, ravelry, and weavolution. So now I will let myself enjoy the progress, not worry about the work remaining.
At the VERY beginning, I liked the changes to my body during pregnancy, i.e. bigger boobs!! ;) But, then, for the first trimester of my pregnancy, I was exhausted. I barely made it home from work without falling asleep. I had no energy. I stopped working out completely. I gained weight- fast. I remember one of my early prenatal visits and when the nurse lifted up my shirt to examine me, she kinda laughed and said, “you’re already wearing maternity jeans?” Yes, ma’am- my regular pants already didn’t fit.
In a written response to a parliamentary question, Sisulu gave details of weapons that had "been stolen or gone missing" from the SANDF over the past three years.
So thanks again, and I hope you enjoy the tunes — but remember:
Happy Monday and thanks for taking the time to visit the charmed life blog. I am feeling under the weather again. Like a cold is starting to come on me. My grandson was sick last week when I went over and here I am not feeling well now. I love my grandkids but I am so over catching what they have.
**The First Wire, NYC Team**
Say and see
All Natural, High Quality, Holistic Pet Food
health care.
So watch SFAS tonight at 10pm on HGTV. please please please.
On the back, these stamps carried by a cute happy butterfly-postie made possible this card to arrive in here. Church and Cathedral from Sieradz and Gniezno respectively. Two churches, one cathedral. Both with green roof. Joy!
I was interested to hear another of my panel colleagues, the Greek writer Rea Galanaki, suggesting that one of the many reasons for the male bias in the literary establishment is that some female writers do women no favours by writing ‘Harlequin’ romance-type work and other badly written books, therefore getting us all tarred with the same brush. I’ve heard that before and it amazes me. There are many blokes who produce action thrillers, not written well. Or horror. Not written well. And the literary establishment does not assume that every male writer is therefore a bad writer of horror/action thrillers. So, if the ‘Harlequin’ issue is indeed a belief, it does appear somewhat illogical.
So why was Mr. Ingram killed, and by whom? Despite his past substance abuse, this was not a drug-related crime, nor was it a crime of passion, a gang initiation, or vigilante justice. According to eyewitness testimony, Mr. Ingram passed the evening of September 28, 2007 collecting cans and puttering around the Albany Houses. Meanwhile, a group of teenagers and young adults gathered at a party in one of the housing project's six 16-story towers, where they partied, as partygoers do, with a little booze and a little weed. One attendee was dancing with a girl, who turned out to have a boyfriend, who in turn had a problem with the first guy dancing with his girlfriend and decked him. A scuffle ensued, and the unwelcome dancer left the party in a rage, accompanied by a good friend. When the two got clear of the party, they came across Steven Ingram, and the angry teenager took a swing at him, hard enough to miss and fall down. Ingram turned and ran, but his assailant chased him down, hit him again, knocked him to the ground, and continued swinging. His friend tried to pull him clear, failed, and ran to get help.
Will they still exist?
We had many many lovely cards again entered in our challenge. Thank you all for participating. Our Top Three as chosen by our design team are:
B.Com. (Hons)
Where: Winking Lizard (Peninsula)
Just shy of 80*F today!! To warm all of a sudden LOL LOL But dry and the ground in the rideing area was dry and, I rode my pony today!! yippee!!
I cursed under my breath and away from the phone. Not just because of all the hospital bills I knew were coming my way, but also because this was my son. I’ll be honest—the bills were the first thing I thought of, but picturing him hooked up to tubes and needles again crushed me.
Then I masked off the table tops and sprayed the body of the tables ivory. After that had thoroughly dried, I hand-distressed with some fine sandpaper until some of the gray primer showed through in places and on the edges.
That was the way things were.
However, for many, the presumption is that anyone who actively enjoys and plans how to dress must be a bubblehead. For those sitting in judgment, it is apparently impossible to be both intelligent and stylishly attired: wear a leopard print turban simply because you want to, and you deserve ridicule.
Do you ever get super disappointed in yourself??
To start off the week, I'll post a quick reveal of two new furniture items available at Country Antiques.
No Sight is as Beautiful..
When the steak and potatoes were done, we got out the sides and pulled up anxious chairs. It really only took a matter of minutes to assemble this meal. So simple. We served it with homemade yeast rolls with cherry butter, and a fresh Caesar salad. I tell you, a few bites and my bitter mood completely vanished.
The wife sarcastically laughed. “We used to have 37 fly swatters in this house and now I have no idea where any of them are! I think you and your son secretly eat them when I’m not home!”
To state the opening question another way, perhaps more in line with my own religious tradition, let’s try “What is the chief end of man?” The catechism teaches us that it is to “glorify God and enjoy him forever.” I assume that the target audience of this post will agree with the catechism on this point. If you don’t, go read John Piper and come back later.
Right, my reason for all of this ranting: This is a specific and hopefully isolated event but I doubt it very much. I’m sure I could search the local news up and down the UK and find more examples (if you know of any let me know in a comment). Woking Borough Council have decided that they are going to spend (up to) £27k on commemorative mugs to celebrate the Queens 60 years on the throne and give them away free to kids in local schools as mementos. Most kids I know would find this the coolest thing on the planet, a mug with the Queens face on it. I bet they’ll all be walking around with them on show, like gang bling, for years to come!
“Wait a minute, God, You’re taking away 99% of what’s important to me in life, and You expect me to laugh and shrug and be like, Oh well, my friends aren’t all that cool anyway, who cares if I have no idea when I’ll ever see them again? The joy of the Lord is my strength! Now how else do You want to torture me, God, because I’m perfectly happy to go through anything as long as the joy of the Lord is my strength! Come to think of it, this is kind of fun . . . NOT!”
On Sunday night, while Mom was taking a bath, I went to my Uncle Andrew's room (after jumping the baby gate in Mom's room) and then ran to the bathroom door where Mom was. Mom opened the door and I already knew something was very wrong. Uncle Andrew followed behind me and found Mom obviously not doing well. Mom wasn't using her left leg, so he went and got Grandmom and Granddad. Mom's CRPS had spread to her left thigh and that left her unable to put much weight on that leg. Mom's thigh had been more swollen for a while, but Mom said she was in denial about it because was very scared of losing the use of her legs.
made using the wooded handle of an old
CCSO was called Apr. 16 concerning the theft from a rental property on Elliott Street. The stolen items valued at $9,000 were located at Trademark Metal Recycling, 5005 Dalewood Street in the community of Cleveland, east of Punta Gorda. Trademark employees furnished the deputy with a copy of the information on file when they bought the items and paid Peters $32.48. The information included his driver’s license, fingerprint, a photo of him when he sold the items, a copy of the transaction, and a photo of the items purchased as required by law.
They’re easier than the point ten steps in when the joy of starting wears off. When every new step only confirms the pointlessness of the endeavour. When every line of creation only makes the work more inept and disgraceful. When the exhaustion sets in and every inch burns. Oh, and my personal favourite, when you’re close to the end and thus failure is a million times worse because it will waste everything you’ve done. And when you’re inches from the finish line and the terror of crossing it is slightly more agonizing than crawling on the broken glass in front of it.
The memory of Jessica’s face flashed through my mind when I’d met her last summer; honey-brown eyes and springy hair that always stuck up around her head with static, and her sweet smile, part baby teeth intermixed with adult teeth. She was such a sweet, innocent child. If she had survived this long, she could be dangerously close to death from cold. My heart battered against my chest wall, and I fought off the urge to start running, directionless, into the bush to
I wasn’t feeling much better myself. I said as much, “All I want is for things to go back to the way they were.”
This crazy parrot-having place I landed in could not be more different than where I lived for the entirety of three decades. When I think of trying to put down into words how it makes me feel to to see a palm tree in my peripheral vision, I go numb. Which is crazy, it’s just a palm tree. What could be so fabulous and compelling about a palm tree that I cannot manage to convey its impact in writing? The issue isn’t the tree itself, it’s the unexpectedness of it. It’s purely foreign to me. A palm tree, to a girl who always lived in Tennessee, is an exotic thing. It is a large, looming figure of otherness; an iconic beast that exists in postcards and at the movies and on vacation. Never when you are walking the dog. So, when I see it out of the corner of one eye my chest brims with the thrill of not just something new, but a regular something new. Something different from what always was, and I can see it whenever I want. I just walk outside.
Lettuce bring in our Monster Monday helper, fuzzy little Ralphie The Tarantula!.. Wie gehts, Ralphie? He's here to start the show, so, without further interruptions, ahem, push the big red 'GO' button there by the invisible lounge chair, now, Ralphie! Here's the theme and a booze-fuelled bathtub tune... BEAST FROM HAUNTED CAVE!
We'll be playing some favorites from the Welsh Weekend of Song concert last September, some Scottish pieces I've been wanting to perform for a while, OF COURSE a few beloved Irish songs (thus the "jigs and reels" of the post title) and a couple of my original pieces.
Intellectual Property Overlaps: A European Perspective, by Estelle Derclaye and Matthias Leistner. Published by Hart Publishing, further particulars are available from the publisher's website here.
There are many good sushi restaurants in Northeast Bergen county, but most have not had the staying power of this restaurant. The secret? Charles comes from a family of restaurateurs – his brother runs the successful Bennies’ Lebanese restaurant, also in Englewood, and Charles has had a history of running successful Asian restaurants in New York City.
In lamens terms, intellectual property is an idea come to life. It is something that is the original idea of the creator, and that the creator has put into tangible form. For the purposes of the law, intellectual property is an asset, that should be protected against unauthorized use. As a writer, your work – in addition to being your legacy – is your intellectual property. The best way to protect your work is through copyright protection.
If you read through all of that, I thank you. The story at the top came to me last night, and I've been thinking for a while that two of my greatest writing weaknesses are Sci-fi and action, so I thought I'd give myself a writing exercise this morning that would stretch me in both of those areas. Let me know how you thought I did either in the comments below, or on facebook.
increase and I may decrease,…
.......and a pretty little crystal clam with a pearl topper,
Still, I wanted something that would allow me to quickly and easily carry my toddler on my back (something less bulky and heavy than my hiking backpack). So I checked out http://www.bobababycarrier.com/. Their website is great because they have thorough comparisons of the types of baby carriers, and they specifically compare the Boba to the Ergo. Some of the differences that really sold me on the Boba are these:
You might think that was my most embarrassing moment, but sadly it was not since there were no witnesses.
- To aid with reflux or even just a stuffed-up baby, place a thick book under the crib mattress or lower the mattress settings at one end to give a slight recline to the crib.*
Whatever followed him home was gone now. Or hiding. He bent down and picked up his shoes as he heard a grunt of effort from Mary. He didn't want to worry her. He sneezed again, and decided to trust the steel walls to protect them while he was in the bath.
Crank Up the BBQ–Grilled Ribeye Steak
As a more advanced lesson they moved on to canter, something she hadn't really done with Enoch, but she went for it after having been asked if she wanted to have a go and she trotted three sides of the manege!
From the beginning I knew I had to slow my pace, knowing that if I ran as fast as I have been the last couple of runs, I would surely die. Five minutes in, I wanted to quit. God forbid we get eased into this type of weather. I was already huffing and puffing after a few minutes and I could feel my face already turning a nice shade of crimson red. How was I going to survive another 25 minutes of this?
For some time now, I have wanted to look at who the best scorers in ASC play were this past season. Now, I am going to do it. I am going to base the notion of “best scorer” on three factors: workload, shooting skill, and ball protection. For workload, I am using a player’s shot percentage (Shot%), or how many of his team’s shots he took while on the floor. Most high workloads will be upwards of 25% of a team’s shots while he is on the floor. For shooting skill, I am using true shooting percentage (TS%), which translates a player’s shooting percentages on twos, threes, and free throws into an equivalent two-point shooting percentage. For ball protection, I am using a player’s turnover percentage (TO%), or the percentage of the time a player commits a turnover relative to the number of times he tries to score.
I don’t remember. I’ve watched that since the very first season. I think because it was easy to find episodes online. I had just moved into my apartment at the time, and too cheap to pay for cable.
Thermometer
But today I received another treasure. It was from Lauri Burgesser I met in Colorado retreat last year. When I found a lovely cqed bear in the box and read a letter from her, I was almost crying. She remembered how I missed her bear stolen by Josie in Cninese auction. After the quake and tsunami, she asked all the ladies who attended the retreat with me, to contribute something small for the bear. Lauri put it all together for me.
has her own axes to grind. Hardly a detached nonpartisan, hereslf. But the facts deserve a look. Only then recall what Maddow doesn’t mention. That Romney got a lot done during that one term, creating a model for sensible health care reform for the entire nation. Come on. Rachel, try to be fair.
I tried to get him to forget. "Hey James, we are meeting John at the park" "No, I want to go home" "What about your race tomorrow?" "Mommy, I may not come in first place." That is when I knew it was serious. We dropped Andy off at the park and picked up snacks (thanks SOOO much Ms. Juliet) and headed to Urgent Care.
Something that was being pleasure for him, was being pain for her, but she feared putting him off, and the thought of losing him made her knees go jello.
As well as this Adam has been a blessing to several charities, has produced many films and music videos and leaves behind a beautiful wife and daughter.
In view of the Merciry’s recent critical coverage of the Farbridge administration, it is surprising to take a what could be an interesting business story and make it the Saturday Page One lead story.
In Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates, the covers of magazines such as Cosmopolitan, Marie Claire and Elle were covered with black cellophane, so the images on the front were hidden. OTT? Definitely! These magazines do not display nudity on their covers. I just laughed as I found the whole thing ridiculous and backward! I did not buy one because I was at the end of my tether at being judged and looked down on by Muslim men.
W for worry, NOW what's going round?
Rachel H.- $25 Coupon Envy from Coupon Friendly
The journey in search of the gold keeps the tale moving along at a steady pace, punctuated by colourful encounters – some benign, some mysterious, some dangerous – with fellow-travellers and local residents. All the main plot threads are resolved by the end, although there is still scope for interpretation of some of them, such as the significance of the Hecate figurine.
1) Establishing a Routine
Virtually every nation with a minority population is heading in the direction that has destroyed the financial sovereignty of America. Of all the mementos passed from one generation to the next, it may be readily stated, with complete accuracy, that the one thing blacks pass on to their children is a lack of personal responsibility: Without personal responsibility society fragments into a miasma of hopeless dependents.
Here we have a man – an experienced journalist known for his anal attitude to checking the provenance of stories – who wants his interrogators to accept that he knows the goal-difference for every team in the Premiership, but has never heard of Manchester United.
4cm. Taking a nap now.
You will also find lots of other new products on the website too - Shabby Green Door, Pink Paislee, cool hangy things from Zutter and lots more in the what's new section here
Among the many,
Yesterday was Paul’s birthday, and according to our family tradition, he chose the dinner menu. His choice this year? Steak salad – a treat from our days in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. I’ve since forgotten the name of the restaurant where we first tried this, but not the salad!
It is looking for an answer to a question based on our notion of right or wrong. A common approach is for one to pursue self-interest but rationalise it as businessmen do who want freedom to make more money while those at the bottom call for equality. Philosophers disallow this and say there is a moral question. Free-willed acts are a certain sort of moral choice with a moral base. But is it a moral base? If we are determined it is because you are made that way like a dog choosing a bone.
Sandler plays Happy Gilmore, a blue collar loser who dreams of playing professional hockey, but lacks the skill. He inadvertently discovers he has a knack from driving a golf ball when he takesa bet with some movers who kicking his widowed grandmother out of her house. Gilmore begins taking driving bets with other golfers to earn money to save his grandmother’s house. He catches the eye of former pro golfer Chubbs Peterson (Carl Weathers) who convinces Gilmore to go pro.
Life is a Game Play it.
3. Indianapolis Colts
The National Beer Wholesalers of America is currently having their employees in Congress craft what is ironically called the CARE (Community Alcohol Regulatory Effectiveness) Act. Wrapped in a cloak of States Rights, this bill is intended to stop Internet sales of alcohol and put more power into the hands of distributors. If you like California or Texas wine and live in Maine, for Example, you can order wine on the Internet for delivery to your home. Under the "CARE" Act, ordering wine or beer from another state will become illegal. It would also prohibit anyone from bring suit against the government, which would violate the Constitution.
Why is it that so many people with “successful” careers find themselves bored, discontent, and depressed even after they’ve climbed the ladder, after they’ve earned their millions? Are they spoiled? Maybe. But some of these people are not, and they’re really good people deep down who have worked hard to earn their success. Might it not be that they are not doing what they were created to do?
Have you ever picked an anthem for yourself? A song that describes your life or your hope about life? A song that gets your blood pumping, your heart soaring? A song that identifies... you.
Stampin Up "Vintage Vogue" Set.
Then took a drive on Reba McEntire Road…
My cock was drooling and throbbing and heavy with lust. As the kiss deepened I felt as if I was drinking cool water in the parching sun. I sucked in her desire like it was going to keep me alive, and it was. I drank it in big gulps as I held her and drained her of all distraction leaving her panting in desire.
I'm NOT saying "You have to be friends with your child, otherwise you are a bad parent." I'm NOT saying I'm a better mom than you because I parent this way. I'm saying this is how I choose to parent, and I love it. I'm saying it's possible to be friends with your child without disastrous consequences.
if guys wear girl would you make them peeing
Same old strafe from two till four,
But there’s a greater story
It's not very often I combine challenges (probably because it takes me too long to think up something for one, let alone two!) - but today I've managed to do just that! I first saw the LSC259 challenge at SCS to be inspired by something about the USA Presidents.....what the???? Being a Non-American I actually had to do some research - did you know that President Thomas Jefferson had a mockingbird called 'Dick' that lived in the White House Study?! Then the IC219 challenge popped up at SCS where we had to be inspired by Geninne's Etsy Store and what do you know - most of it is BIRDS! Bird No18 looked kinda like a mockingbird to me so I headed off to the creative corner......
Patient Services Manager
1. Local merchants want new customers. This is a chief concern even over direct ROI in a campaign.
Bella Bling Wisteria lane
The Glyndebourne chorus were on very good form as were the London Philharmonic under Enrique Mazzola - simple and uncluttered, letting the voices shine and the action speak for itself.
For the first year of school I gave back no homework. The teacher shook his head and wagged his fingers. The class peered down at me calling me the "idiot" or worse, "baby". I wanted to kick them but dad told me to get along with others so I hold myself back but I had to grind my teeth to get through the day. It felt like jail to be sitting still from eight in the morning to four in the afternoon and I can't possibly imagine any more "work" at "home". Mom fussed over dinner and dad fussed over my jackets and socks, everyone said I was too young to go to school yet I liked it so much better than the alternatives and no one made me eat anything like tomatoes or cabbages. So they let me sit there everyday staring into the space in front of the blackboard dreaming of swimming, running, jumping or escaping.
I Spy with my little eye a blog that has been going for six months. So, let's party! I'm giving away a set of I Spy charms from my Two Bits Patches online store. The winner can chose any one of the 6.5 inch charm packs. There are fourteen different sets to choose from including mixed I Spy charms, cats, butterflies, Australiana, and boys or girls.
And so graced,
HB showed her how to cast out and reel in, and then left her to her fishing. She settled down in a comfy place beside the river and waited for those fish to bite.
To let them know directly without
"Conservatives, as stereotypical statement, are distrustful of government, wind up being generally good on this issue, especially if they’re libertarian conservatives," he said. "It’s not unusual to see strange bedfellows, if you realize the common ground is distrust of government power."
Without you, I have nothing left to say.
I will still be blogging here and traveling around to visit your blogs there. And if you would like to, you can still contact me through my email address or on my web form (see upper right-hand corner of this page).
The Sarasota County Sheriff’s Office has arrested five St. Petersburg residents in a scheme to steal nearly $11,000 merchandise from a Sarasota store on Monday.
The movement of products, mail, and passengers advanced the settlement of the country much more quickly in comparison to the years by wagon train and horse drawn wagons. As a young boy in the 1950's I can remember the use of the steam engine as it crossed Iowa going from coast to coast. Today the Amtrak carries people coast to coast but the majority of the time we see freighters carrying coal east for the creation of electricity.
3. Crocheting a mini blanket and firming up 5 cradles with PVA for Angels on Loan
That is why a State of the Union speech promising to “freeze” spending or “cut back” on government waste, is laughable.
I'm so excited your new book is coming out in Kindle edition-any chance you can talk the publisher into putting your first book out for Kindle as well? I requested it on Amazon, but who knows if they see those things.
**Poster’s note: Read this whole article so you can understand that allowing Catholic clerical administrator types to ‘police’ themselves is a big joke. All of these people who knew what was going on and still allowed it need to be prosecuted and jailed.
Forgive me for my long vacation from posting! I have been consumed by other, more pressing concerns in the last two or three weeks, and have not had the time or the energy to be more regular in my updates. I'm sure that you all know and understand about such things. Therefore, enough said!
== Example: The "case" for privatizing Social Security ==
Okay, I've heard this and frankly, I've had a very hard time believing it. I've tried quite a few brands and types of pencils and I have yet to find a pencils that would not blend. That includes watercolor pencils and your standard #2 graphite writing pencil my monster uses for school. I don't have any pencils manufactured in Mexico so I can't say for sure what the problem is with the people who have reported it. I know it has scared a few people. If you're concerned, try Derwent pencils. They're very proudly made in England and I've had great results with them.
When people watch more than an half hour or so of television at a stretch, they go beyond the meditative state and fall into what is popularly called a stupor. The longer they watch, the deeper the stupor. When the set is finally shut off, they are hung over. It's a real hang over, not a figurative one, not a metaphorical one, but one every bit as real as the kind one gets from drinking too much alcohol. We've all experienced how surly and out-of-sorts children are after a marathon of TV -- that's the hang over.
9 seconds.
They were there, they witnessed His life when He was alive but also they witnessed His death. “Ok, it was nice with all those teachings but now He is dead…so let’s go on with our lives and teach our children the good teachings of this man”, I speculate that they should have said.
The drugs will be burned, and the weapons will be destroyed or returned if the owners claim them.
Going into 2011, I was very, very determined to lose a serious amount of weight. There were times when I was not motivated at all, but I stayed determined. I pushed and pushed and pushed. Until early October, when I slammed into a wall.
The Farm on Adderley is combining two of our favorite things: food and history. On Jan. 25 the Ditmas Park restaurant will serve a menu inspired by pre-industrial Brooklyn — meaning the ingredients will be those that would have been grown or available to Brooklyn farmers, and the foods will have been preserved through pre-electricity preservation techniques.
“Are you drunk?”
On the day Colin Powell appeared before the UN in January 2003 to present the case for war against Iraq, the tapestry of Picasso’s Guernica hanging outside the Security Council chamber was draped with a baby blue shroud. The UN media liaison, Abdellatif Kabbaj, explained: “We had a problem with, you know, the horse”.
But Posh Spice. She would have the power of glamour, the British spelling the only appropriate way to express it. There it is, the g-word. The online dictionary defines glamor/glamour as :
Billy Kelly – It’s a Wonderful Life
The winner of our vintage challenge, as chosen by random.org is ...... #62 Claire. Here is Claire's lovely card.
I think this is gonna be FUN!!!!
SB: Thank you. You corrected my linear thinking and hierarchical thinking, and told me many things that I didn’t realize or know—and I’m sure there are an infinite number more. One of the things you’ve said that I still have trouble understanding is that you can be a million places at once. My mind simply cannot fathom that. And a large number of jokes go out in my mind, like, “Which Michael am I speaking to?”
I just got (me) a cabin,
It’s not just chicken growers who face constrained markets, Mr. Lynn writes. In free-wheeling Silicon Valley, computer engineers and digital animation workers employed by Apple, Google, Intel, and Pixar, among others, were subject to a secret agreement not to bid on each others’ employees, according to a Justice Department lawsuit filed, and settled, in 2010. (On Friday, former employees of some of the companies filed an antitrust lawsuit in federal court in San Jose based on the Justice Department investigation.)
The Fraser study picks 1987 as the date from which to make it's analysis. The Metropolis study goes back to 1970. Now, it's important to understand the relevance of a base year.
Apparently Monya was then flung into her car and one of the robbers drove off with her.
3 cups confectioners’ sugar
The plot of the Krotons is practically non-existant. The Gonds are ruled over by the organic crystalline beings, the Krotons; which no one has ever seen. Their ship, the Dynatrope crash landed on the Gond's planet leaving them powerless. In order to reform themselves and take off they need to harvest mental power, unfortunately the Gonds ain't the brightest bunch. Periodically the Gonds are tested and the two brightest people are welcomed to become "Companions of the Krotons." In truth they have their mental energy drained, after which they are killed. When the TARDIS arrives the Doctor and Zoe use the Kroton's teaching machine and have sufficient mental power to substantiate the Krotons. After learning what the Krotons have been up to the Gonds rebel, but it is the Doctor who manges to destroy them and their ship by using an impure form of sulphuric acid.
Intuitives
"I am going to appeal to the director to leave this group," she announced recently, as the other children and counselors snickered. I wished I could just lend her a little patience to get through the next few years. While "behind" in some ways, she is simultaneously more mature than the other kids, since she doesn't play their little games.
These cheeses are what bind together the common thread of society. As each cheese is different in taste, texture, feel, flavor, smell, consistency, sharpness and mildness they are still derived from a common element, milk. True, it may be sheep, goat, cow or buffalo but each final product began as a piece of grass or grain that was eaten and turned into milk. It’s that common beginning that brings us together to realize that each human on this planet is like a unique piece of cheese.
The ex-pat-re-invented Brits are having a field-day in my neck of the woods at the moment.
Ava wonders if her mother is happy. She married "the Chief" when she was nineteen and "started her career as an alligator wrestler that same year." She also gave birth that year to Kiwi. Ava remembers Kiwi telling her that their mother had married too young. When Ava repeated that to her mother, she says "Your father and I were sweethearts, you tell me what's too 'too' about that! Without Sam I'd still be on the mainland."
“I want all citizens concerned about this case to realize that my department responded to this call and has taken action necessary to enhance the chances of a successful prosecution of the suspects,” Lopey said in the release. “This department fielded calls just prior to the response on March 30, and forwarded one call to Animal Control. The recent allegations that we ignored or disregarded calls related to this case are not true, pursuant to a dispatch audit conducted by the department. We are aggressively investigating this case.”
Something Blue: The sequel to Something Borrowed, I had high hopes for this book. I miust say that I wasn't drawn to this one as much as the first one. I just have problems believing people change that drastically and that people suddenly fall in love, but all in all, an enjoyable book. 2.5-3 stars out of 5.
Our local left, likes to publish surveys that make Republicans look bad. Power Line’s Steven Hayward brings this Pew Survey to our attention via the Daily Caller
Here to join in on our lineup is Guest Bar-TenderS
Mile 4 - 10:08
Keg: Magic Rock Human Cannonball at The Craft beer company
The very peak of man’s ascent.
Words travel so slow
I have to confess that I was so overwhelmed by the bigots this week that the search for a hero seemed daunting. Fortunately, our Cyndi Lauper, founder of the Give A Damn Campaign, which strives for gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender equality, is now opening a homeless shelter for LGBT teens in New York. True Colors Residence homeless shelter for LGBT teens opens today, September 9, 2011, thus earning Cyndi Lauper our HWA.
I reach back to her and grab this long ass, brown hair that had already wrapped around her tongue, from her mouth. I actually had to stop the car and help her remove the hair from her throat.
You're probably thinking I should get a life. Right?
It's really simple. If you write it and publish it, great. If you copy it and repurpose it, say so. It's not rocket science, it's called manners.
Just head to the taxi stand, no need to book in advance. Cost about NZ$50 – NZ$65.
-myself throw a wadded up piece of paper at a sleeping student
I took this in my back garden. I set the shutter speed really slow, to allow the maximum amount of light in; which is why the candles are blurry, since the flames moved during the snapping of the photo. I actually think my favorite part of the picture is the shadows of the leaves in the background.
Sure, it will help you drive up the number of Facebook LIKES on your fan page in the short-term but what is the real and long-term value of this? I get that there are many statistics out there about how conversion and engagement is much higher on Twitter and Facebook and social media is all the frenzy in marketing today but for a moment let’s break down the psychology of most of these contests.
I am the first to recognize Tolstoy’s genius but I don´t understand why he creates such a marvelous dashing character like Prince Andrei Bolkonsky in War and Peace, just to make him unhappy, and finally kill him. To me, War and Peace ends with Bolkonsky´s death. I don´t care about dense Pierre or fickle Natasha. I can’t share their happiness since it is based in Andrei´s departure. The author must have realized his blunder because he ends his novel, not in Pierre and Natasha´s domestic bliss, but in Bolkonsky´s son vowing to grow up to be worthy of his father.
“Customer is always right! and customer satisfaction comes first!” she lectured.
In the end I sorted out which bulbs will probably not survive, though I replanted them in the contaminated pot, which I hope I’ve cleared of bugs. The healthy-looking bulbs I’ve planted in another pot, with my fingers crossed. Then I remembered that last week there’d been a maze of tiny fruit-fly sized flies around the adjacent Thai basil. Were the two things connected? Spotting some more of the flies I zapped them with common house fly spray.
like a curtain of armoured wind,
Hallo nochmal an diesem Freitag, den 11.11.11 :)
I’ve no idea if Chris Hughton will still be Birmingham manager next season. I’m sure there will be offers for him considering his seeming ability to transform sows ears into silk purses. If he goes, I can’t begrudge him the opportunity to test himself at a club in a higher league or with greater resources. I’m sure I speak for all Birmingham fans when I say that I hope he remains but he has my best wishes wherever he goes next.
Employers need to know that you are applying for the job because you have the relevant skills and experiences on offer. They will not want be impressed that your sole motivation revolves around the salary and how much annual leave is on offer.
Nora Marlowe’s final role was as Mrs.Flossie Brimmer on “The Waltons” (1972-77). She was Sara Andrews on “The Governor And J.J” (1969-70).
-Baguette for dinner at the hostel after a day of being on our feet…literally!
"You're so ugly, your mom had to tie a pork chop around your neck just so the dog would play with you."
So what’s new? First and foremost, there’s a making of doc entitled “Chain Reaction.” Unfortunately, due to the passings of both John Nathan-Turner and Robert Holmes, we just don’t get an accurate representation of what went into putting this story together at its earliest stages, which I think could have been fascinating. The topic is left to Eric “Mr. Personality” Saward to discuss, and as usual he seems so uninterested in everything. (This guy could make a solid career out of boring folks.) Beyond that, it’s a fine doc and about on par with these sorts of things. There’s also a short piece on Graeme Harper entitled “Directing Who: Then and Now,” which via its title is pretty self explanatory. There’s an extra extended scene that’s not of very good quality. There’s a nice little vintage news show with Russell Harty which
Isn’t that nice. I know this hasn’t been about older books but you know – sometimes you just have to swank a bit, as we used to say derisively when I was at school. “Stop swanking!” – well, as the Bible might have said: There is a time to swank and a time to refrain from swanking – this is definitely one of the former.
She probably won't do the same thing for you though,
Venue addresses:
In the pouring rain, we rode bikes, attempted ocean kayaking twice (the second time was successful), successfully river kayaked, swam and played in the waves, rode our bikes again, and zip-lined. It was a nice relaxing day in the Caribbean. We were exhausted.
My alter ego, my diabolical other Self
I wanted to like this movie. Really, I did. I like spy movies. I like action movies. And I don't even mind Angelina Jolie. I can forgive her for Mr. and Mrs. Smith, because I liked the Tomb Raider movies. But SALT was not that great. I didn't hate it. But I didn't like it either. It was a little more predictable than I like in a spy movie, and the story was actually not that interesting. And the worst part about this movie was the ending, which obviously left the door open for a SALT2. Wide open. So open that I felt like the story didn't really end. All in all, another fail for Angelina.
(SO this wasn’t supposed to be about kids with cell phones. It’s about apps. I have a post in the works about kids with cell phones. Your gonna love it. I HOPE it gets a debate going. Or someone telling me I am wrong. )
- Ken Moraff Deputy Director, Office of Ecosystem Protection
Even though I can't feel or experience my bliss of acting right now, I know it will come. Dreams must never be forgotten or sacrificed by settling for less. Hold onto hope and stay there. Let it carry you upstream and nurture you back to a healthy state of optimism and belief that you deserve better.
I was in Thailand on Sniper 3 and there was one day that was particularly hellish.
Why has she not been arrested for her complicity?
I don’t wanna waste the weekend
Nico’s family had lived next door to Riley’s. It was a typical neighborhood; two or three kids per
Y los años, pasando y pasando,
It’s dark. I am tossed about in a sea of nausea. Waves of anguish hurl at me until my insides melt. The terror I feel is the same every time. Theirs, mine, I don’t know.
to serve you. To desire NO Man!
Ready, for the news?????????
4) Giselle
Anyways, I have a great but super easy + fast project to share today. It is a Valentine Lollipop Gift Favor. I just score and glue some cardstock and add MayArts Ribbons. Voila! I just finished a quick Valentine treats.
Booo! Eeeeevil Tories, driving the poor to destitution! I mean., it's not this man's fault that he's unemplo...
But I thought that was normal all over the US. It’s illegal here, yeah; but so was alcohol at a time and people still drank. I prefer stoners to violent drunks, personally, and I tend to think of marijuana as a silly, mostly harmless drug. I don’t see why it’s illegal other than some historic fear and propaganda, but I don’t care either way, really. I just think that the laws should serve the people, not the reverse, and I really hate hypocrisy.
I write: because it challenges me
As mentioned above certain subject matter cannot be patented in Europe due to exclusions from patentability or because of the way that EPO case law has developed. If this is relevant to the invention then European Patent Attorneys can advise on whether appropriate drafting of the claims will allow some protection to be obtained for the invention.
Lead Thou me on!
I am an enthusiastic supporter of the "give your characters flaws to make them realistic" school of thought. I have no problem with making Morgan bitchy because, if you read the whole book, you understand why she's like that. But -- if you only read the first chapter, where she dumps her boyfriend and makes a small scene in an expensive restaurant, then goes to work and makes a bigger scene out of being fired, would you put the book down before she drove home? Or would you think she's an unnecessarily angry drama llama?
And swear that Beauty lives though lilies die,
Kenyan muslim and other says is he a British
i recently got to download her first album, and wanted to share the link....you can listen to clips in the mp3 download page.....i think we'll be hearing more from this young woman.
Commenter pigpaws had this to say:
5. Heat up the clay pot, Pour cooked beef into it and cook for another 2 minutes.
Tell your other fourth grade teacher friends about this post!
This post is long overdue. Long, long overdue. Every now and then it occurs to me that I should really knuckle down and get it finished. But something else always seems to get in the way. Just lately it's been yet more building work in the house. We've had a couple of walls knocked out in the kitchen, the ceiling re-plastered, and the bricked-up fireplace in the dining room opened up. Oh, and we've had new windows and doors put in and a shiny new fire escape installed. That's about it really. And in amongst all this I've managed to find myself a part time job, five mornings a week. Quite a lot to be going on with. And I'm still morris dancing.
The space ship with the alien eggs in it is a planet seeder - with the space jockey at its helm it travels through the universe seeding planets with life via genetically engineered DNA that it uses to advance the life on the planets its encounters.
But I guess people who have turned themselves into lightning quick therapists, or others who talk to the mix up in my brain so that the cells up there certainly get so scared of these silly things that they kick the XMRV or whatever viruses is causing this delightful ME chappy to ruin my life, out of my system.
- Easy embedding for sharing anywhere
I just picked up a book from our boys' school, No Kidding About Bullying. The school itself is trying to encourage parents to be parents and read and think and get involved in their kids lives. Its sad that its come to this, the big government institution has to look after us, the small mom and pop outfit...and I applaud them for what they are doing.
So it's been such a busy year, I can't even begin to go into everything going on around here, but I will try and start catching up.
The moral of the story? Next time you're really in it for the beauty and you get that tap on the shoulder from the giant electric hand of god, try not announcing how spiritual you are to your horrified other, just 'be' in that space and come to terms with the value of your own direct experience. Keep it a secret that you can express only in anonymous good deeds.
The Dead of Winter has been shortlisted for the Salford Book Award and longlisted for the UKLA Children's Book Award in the 12-16 category. It is always a real honour to be nominated for any award. It is frankly an honour to be noticed - there are so many great books out there. I will keep you posted about my progress - or lack of it.
In indigenous settings, indexes are things around which social
Politics will always be a game of people strutting around like peacocks, showing off their accomplishment plumage. And, the Obama team knows how to make a top-notch ad showing off their accomplishments. This is their new web ad. It’s a shame it’s too long for TV.
I literally have a robot watching me pee. Wave your hand at the robo-waste-2000 as if to say "Hello, I want to feed you something useless and/or disgusting" and it opens wide for ten seconds (you can hear the ticking), before snapping shut again.
Most German men have humiliation fantasies anyway. That’s obvious from their pornography, which frequently depicts submissive men being bullied by large, sexually voracious women. When Boris Becker impregnated a waitress in a restaurant, he made sure everyone knew about the short duration of their coupling, which apparently lasted no longer than 10 seconds. Is that the kind of detail an arrogant, macho fellow would share with the world? And let’s not forget Stefan Moses, the kinky photographer who showed people naked pictures of himself so he could draw attention to his puny appendage.
1/3 cup Irish Cream Liqueur
I don’t really know how to describe the feeling of meeting, getting to know, and getting to coach a group of people who, while they are from an entirely different continent, have a unified desire to perform as well as humanly possible. I simply cannot believe that the tiny gym I opened over 5 years ago, which at numerous points felt like an utter failure, has afforded me the opportunity to do what I got to do today.
Can't make no headway on this road.
The entire ordering process took maybe 5 minutes from start to finish, and my canvas arrived within a matter of just a few days, very carefully packaged and protected. This was such a wonderful experience and opportunity, and I want to thank Easy Canvas Prints for allowing me the chance to review and display their product proudly in my home.
11/12/2008 - Vancouver - Vogue Theater
But why would a fine, upstanding man like Brad Hintz want to defend the 666 guys in Goldman Sachs? Could it be because Brad is a crook himself?
of fat babies and tourists,
I am so happy I stumbled on LCTS & can't wait to play along again!
Jesus said “…..For this saying goes thy
Make sure you give plenty of hugs: proper touching improves a child's development. Touch their head, shoulder, hand, etc.and smile when you do. Silence sometimes speaks louder than words.
Simon Cowell who believes that BBC have ‘declared war’ on him and ITV by launching The Voice, he said: “It is 100 per cent a declaration of war. They launched The Voice because they don’t like BGT and X Factor being successful.”
My exams (some of them finals) start in 4 days. I haven't studied yet. Instead, I watched all of Tallafornia Swipes.
“Private lenders are doing it for an increasing share of their (mortgage portfolios) when it makes sense,” Andrew Jakabovics, a research director at Enterprise Community Partners, told reporters in a panel discussion following DeMarco’s Brookings speech. “If (Fannie and Freddie) aren’t willing to do it, there are plenty of investors who are buying these notes because economically it makes a lot of sense.”
Many of these places will give you a certificate that the dog has been vaccinated against distemper in dogs, but be on the look out for discharge in the eyes, a fever and tiredness. Puppies get tired, sure they do, but thy are very inquisitive too, so if a dog seems happier to go to sleep than say hello, be wary.
My parents owned 3 houses when I grew up… (Never content with the house they were in, they kept buying a new one, then deciding it wasn’t big enough, then buying another. They did it again after I moved out.) The 2nd of those was in a neighborhood called The Heights, in Lake Ridge, Woodbridge, VA. I lived there from age 4 til age 8.5, right at the start of 4th grade.
The Jews again picked up rocks to stone him.
The News Link:
In addition to the above payments, the licensee may have to pay separately for specific technical services the licensor may provide in connection with the licence. These may be considered under three main headings (a) training programmes for licensees personnel, (b) specific technical services performed in the licensor`s works and facilities, such as special drawings, and (c) technical experts supplied by the licensor to the licensee’s plant.
The author suggests that Radical Islam serves as the current armed vanguard for the growing number of politically diverse state and non-state anti-modernist soldiers and their sympathizers. Radical Islam’s combined conventional and unconventional weapons arsenals and swelling ranks of soldiers logically has the temporary lead in this global assault. While overt alliances to date center on Islamic fundamentalist groups and states, there are signs that the commonality of anti-modernist values may lead to opportunistic alliances with Neo-Nazi and other fascist forces in the near future. For example, direct electronic links to Islamic extremist websites from the white supremacist Aryan Nations website (2006) are compelling evidence of this opportunistic connection.
Happy Birthday Hubby! So glad you are my lifelong BFF!
Smoothie stops
· November 18, 2011 10:00 PM
See for yourself…
Within a few days of me watching Mama Heron, 4 out of the 5 eggs have hatched producing some of the weirdest? cutest? einstein-iest? baby birds I have ever seen. You have got to check out their ‘hair,’ it is amazing! Mama looks so grand in all of her elegant plumage and it is hard to imagine these little Einsteins growing up to look just like her. I find it amazing how much the feathers on both Mama and babies look like hair. Truly the Great Blue Heron is a majestic bird. I would love to get a chance to photograph one in real life. *crosses fingers*
You look for love on a grander scale
So the country went mad, and now there is no stock left. Essentially, media hype created a marmite feeding frenzy because none of us want to be without it for three or four months. I checked, and I have half a 500g jar left, and I wanted to buy more – but by the time we went looking, at around seven last night, it was all gone.
One of my future and really exciting projects is writing the story of this amazing family and farm. We were there to work on the proposal. It’s not a cookbook, but rather a food narrative, new for me and a writing challenge I’ve embraced whole-heartedly! My blog deadline came and went last week in all the hub-bub, so I decided it made the most sense to write about and share my weekend at White Oak Pastures.
While you have high standards, you aren't really all that competitive. You only compete with yourself.
If the man hasn’t accepted Jesus Christ as Lord and Saviour of his life, she would be ‘unequally yoked to an unbeliever’.
Our steps became 2 similar, and so we danced to love.
To find a nice beach in the Keys, just drive until you see one. Park your car and swim until you get tired. Then, get back in your car and look for another beach. There are two I’d like to recommend. Anne’s Beach is good, but there are very few parking spots. And there is a nameless beach on the southern side of the 7-mile bridge.
Brazil’s government-controlled prices for gasoline will not be raised even after the country’s currency hit its weakest level since 2009, Finance Minister Guido Mantega said on Tuesday.
She gave me a small, hand-size three ring binder. This notebook contain a monthly grid of individual sheets of the customers I was to deliver the newspapers too. Each sheet had the customers’ address and which paper was to be delivered to them. There was also an amount listing what I was to collect from the customer once a week. She turned over this binder of customers’ names and addresses to me. At ten years old I had my first Real Job. I now had responsibility. I felt grown up. It felt good.
She watches the little girl wander up and down the stairs, around and around the parked car, braids bouncing as she attempts to shake off her adult follower. I wonder for a moment what kind of idiot would bring a small child here, of all places. Then it crosses my mind that maybe it’s a staged performance, a different, quieter, and even cruel for many, sort of protest. I think perhaps it would be a more effective endeavor than waving signs, in general. But not against someone like me.
with the tiny note holes allowing a pretty pattern of light.
Acreage: 0.75
First, the organizers tried to cover everything under the sun as long as it's breast cancer. So most people here have very little to do with your particular domain. The natural affinities are stretched very thin. It's good to be exposed to new things at meetings, but this is most fruitful when there's a bit more common ground to start off on.
and Strawberry Shortcake.
* A Most Improper Magick is your debut novel. Was it your first attempt at writing a novel or did you have other manuscripts hiding away?
In a fascinating study of the Yale secret society Skull and Bones, Antony Sutton uncovered numerous aspects of profound importance about this one society. In his book America’s Secret Establishment – An Introduction to the Order of Skull & Bones, Sutton points out there is a set of “Old Line American Families and New Wealth” that dominates The Order (of Skull & Bones) – the Whitney family, the Stimson family, the Bundy family, the Rockefeller family, the Harriman family, the Taft family, the Bush family, and so on. He also points out that there is a British connection:
but they all remind you of the same girl
Ginger paste:1/4 tsp
(7)Occupation:
You become the masterful magician (like the Magician Tarot Card) of the elements and interweave them to create magick!
ME: OK, I could be googling this WAY faster than you are helping me right now...
Until later….
Revolutions are invariably complex and lengthy processes. In the case of Iran, with which there are some striking similarities, protests which began in 1976 only took their full effect three years later with the fall of the Pahlavi regime. There were numerous episodes of advance and retreat of the students’ movement, the petty bourgeoisie of the bazaar, the clerical establishment, the national minorities and the peasantry, before sustained mass strikes expelled the shah. These struggles threw up a host of forms of social organisation including local committees and workplace groups, some taking on a proto-Soviet character before they were dispersed by the Ayatollah Khomeini’s offensive. There will be similar episodes in Egypt, as a movement initially animated by democratic demands addresses the possibility of further radical change—a generalisation of struggle that addresses the inequalities of the Mubarak era, the ownership of societal resources including industry and the land, and the problem of power wielded by the state itself. The entry of the workers gives cause to believe that the Egyptian Revolution is indeed “growing over” into a movement for wider and historic change—that a process of permanent revolution with global implications is under way.Yes indeed. This disaster, will have "global implications".
Put into a pot, heat until boiling and let it go for 3 minutes. Remove from heat and put into a 9×13 pan or some fancy pants casserole dish.
From there we needed to know where God was calling us to. So we began to put everyone’s Scripture verses on the board. Once all of these were on the board, we began to see a pattern. There were verses that kept repeating, themes that came up again and again. We began to see a picture of where God was calling us to. There were many things in our “Future Story” that needed to be done, but they weren’t being done. Through these verses we could now begin to see that God was saying to us: “Have faith in me, do big things, reach out to people, make sacrifices.” Those were the themes that kept reappearing, and it’s what lead leadership to begin to tackle some of the “big” things within their future story (long range plan).
I have been putting in 60 to 68 hour weeks to make the the same amount of cash that I was making in 44 hours. Hopefully, with the return of the students, this will change. I have noticed a difference Friday night as well as Saturday night. This upcoming week actually, the whole month will be a busy one. We have frosh week, The exhibition, and then the harvest jazz and blues festival.
Nineteen Eighty-five
I never expected my third child to be the most difficult to breastfeed. I feel very fortunate to have an extensive network of support from friends and family. I am eternally grateful for a loving and supportive husband who feels as strongly about the importance of mother's milk as I do. I am also thankful for the support and encouragement I have received from my La Leche League friends. Without them, I feel I may not have been able to provide my son with the best nutrition available to him, his mommy's milk.
Junsu smile hearing this. Usually, after such a painful fuck or rape, he will be left just like that. All naked and hurt. Without he notice, tears come out and wet Yoochun’s chest. Yoochun look down and lift Junsu’s face.
Let me know!!
We can now advance the Kingdom of God with the grace given to each one of us, and by faith in Him.
Of course after this brief photo session it was back to work as usual.
#10 If Greece goes down, Portugal could very well be next. Ambrose Evans-Pritchard of the Telegraph explains it this way….
The truth could reveal a deadly secret as old as the Eternal Guardians themselves.
I looked in the rear-view mirror. Her eyes were glistening. ‘I don’t have any family left,’ she continued in a soft voice, ‘The doctor says I don’t have very long.’ I quietly reached over and shut off the meter.
Experience has taught me never to trust a policeman. Just when you think one’s all right, he turns legit.
McKellen
Friday, March 23rd 2012
Can you see where this is headed?
Right now I need to figure out how to print the recommendation that I just typed up for a student. She needed a non-teacher to write something for her, and I agreed, but now this computer seems to be hooked to nothing. I fear that I might be writing it out in long hand then retyping it on a computer that is hooked to a printer. Grrrr! That will learn me to check out the printer system next time. Yes, I did the learn/teach thing on purpose. I did get your attention didn’t I? Where did you say you were at today? Ha! Now get off of the computer and get some real work accomplished.
Library OneSearch: tab added to allow searching by journal title
2 cups chopped or shredded chicken
I wished he would have put that kind of effort into our relationship... into his health... into finding a job.. because if he had, we would still be together. No, we may still be together. And I wish some more. It's hard to push somebody out of your life when you still love them. I do love him. I will always love him. But together like we have been, we are toxic.
all of the things they’d do to that ass
Am I taking these things too literally? I think not. I believe I have legitimate questions that need to be answered. And don't forget, I haven't even added the necessary "in bed" to the end of these things. I am certainly not going THERE now. That will create even more questions that are probably best left unasked.
For the wrappers I used Wilton’s gold foil candy cups which are smaller than mini baking cups but still lined with paper. The candy cups are a true ‘pop-in-your-mouth’ bite whereas a cupcake baked in a mini baking wrapper takes a bite or two.
Sono in strada.On the road.
They area peal of sombre voices
My children were raised on Disney movies.
There is another fantastic prize for the winner of this week's challenge from
Jack Idema, General Partner, Ultimate Pet Resort
So to achieve their aims the TWG and FIA have agreed a two step reduction on nose height. When we talk of noses there are two elements to this. Firstly the nose tip, this is the very visible, end of the nose cone structure. Then secondly the front bulkhead (referred to by the FIA as section A-A), this is where the nose cone mounts to the chassis.
DURHAM, N.C. — Associate head coach Chris Collins will remain at Duke after having initial discussions with Illinois State Director of Athletics Gary Friedman regarding the school’s head coaching vacancy. Collins came to the decision to remove his name from consideration after discussions with Friedman on Sunday.
Condolences on your babies
One day, I will have a little room or area of my apartment or house which I will furnish and set out in the British Campaign motif. It is, to my mind, a very masculine style… perfect for a ‘man cave’ or even a ‘man corner.’
The hairy shoulders rend the links; free are the wrists of fire;
While we were in Boston, Lily stayed with my parents. They were not only her grandparents, but they were also in charge of raising her. They had their own village that offered their support. This consisted of girls I used to babysit for when I was a teenager. They were now married, had families of their own and were ready to pitch in and help watch Lily. While we were out in Boston, we made new friends who were going through the same traumatic experiences.
Bazzill is my FAVORITE card stock - always has been. The card stock that we carry in our store is made by Bazzill. They recently told me about their newest card stock called Card Shoppe. Have you seen this amazing collection? It's a stout 100lb weight card stock that's smooth on both sides - score! This premium card stock is fabulous!! I had a chance to play with it and I am officially hooked!
Next outfit…which will most likely show up in Fargo in a few weeks:
The see through trend has been going on for quite some time now. I love this trend however, just a bit of advice. If you are going to buy something see through, please understand that not everyone wants to know whether or not you shop at Victoria’s Secret!
He clawed my breaths once regular and deep.
Yesterday I told you about some digital stamps I found at Fresh Brewed Designs. I just love these stamps! So I was coloring these adorable stamps last night and my husband came up with a sentiment for them! Oh was he proud of himself! Every time I think about how tickled he was with himself I laugh. So here is my card.
And here's a peek at card number 1! I used the petunias in the From the Garden set and some of the Bo Bunny Garden Girl paper. While this paper was from a kit, Flourishes still has some of that spunky card stock in the store that is perfect for this time of year - it's in bright and bold colors perfect for spring and summer! You can check it out HERE! After stamping my flowers (on all cards) with Versafine Sepia ink and heat setting, I let the watercolor fun begin!
GAH, and I almost forgot to announce this-- my book Farm Girl has been on a 5-day free promo and today is the last day! If you want one for your Kindle, go here.
Today, I am sitting in this computer, crying hysterically
I find the current setting of the series to be one of my favorite things in the series because it's that southern vampire type story I've always loved, so I'm a little skeptical as to how I'll deal with the fact that they'll be leaving there now. Nonetheless, I'm excited that there will be at least two more books in this series. I am curious to see how this new bond with Victorian will play into her relationship with Eli.
Granted, I know those questions are leftovers from my dream, but why now? I took my question to the most logical place: My therapist. We got to talking about transition, and then I sort of had that light bulb moment.
If you are looking to purchase a stair lift and are worried about getting one to fit because you have a curved, odd shaped staircase or multiple landings <U+0096> don<U+0092>t be! Curved stair lifts are just what you need.
~Billy Wobblynife
Project Camelot whistleblowers reveal that extraterrestrials look human like us and may even be time travelers from our future! Edgar Cayce and the Law of One reveal we have a Higher Self leading us through reincarnation and Graduation.
please baby please.
We love back roads.
To better assist you on this journey in the New Year, I reached out to some of the entrepreneurs and social media mavens I look up to and trust. Here are their top social-media trends for 2012:
1 residence
A1: Mama, I wish we spoke Korean at home.
I had a really productive day today. I got a lot accomplished at work, including completing a proposal that is due Friday, and finishing a report that I've been pushing aside for weeks.
La Chupacabra! For fun I am doing a couple of small posters for a Nueve de Mayo party that is hosted by my friend Nathan. It's getting me to think a bit outside of what I normally work on, because it's not every day you have a subject like the La Chupacabra, which is good, since I like challenges, I am just hoping it turns out the way I want it to, and that the host likes them!
Hockey puck – 3 inches
The colors in this shoe are perfect with black and all shades of brown and white, and who doesn't own clothes those colors, right? The pointy toe makes them a bit more dressy for wearing with skirts, and of course the flat heel makes walking more comfortable.
I really didn’t get to see much of the linebacker work today but one player did stand out as a pass rusher. Virginia’s Cam Johnson showcased very good quickness with his pass rush moves and absolutely burned Keleche Osemele with an up and under move, where Osemele wasn’t even able to get a hand on Johnson. This quickness, burst, and suddenness was extremely impressive and I will be watching Johnson much closer for the rest of this week because of it.
I have to wonder if his mind was set on the hookup of Richard’s computer or fishing.
Helen Howell does one-card Joie de Vivre tarot readings on Facebook, and just out of curiosity I asked her, “Does the card promise me joy?” I have never been a joyful person, have never really thought happiness was that important —other things have always mattered more: contentment, truth, friendship. Still, it seemed the logical question to ask of a Joy of Living card. And this was Helen’s response:
I can't believe that after Christmas I will have almost 3 months till I see her again. Good thing I will be busy unpacking, learning my way around Virgina and getting settled in. You can believe one of the first things I'll do will be to set up Skype!
It will be a tough one.
The album—which was greeted with less enthusiasm as far as album sales go than their previous records, but which has come to be considered the group's masterpiece, as well as one of the greatest albums of all time—still holds up quite handsomely even today. But that certainly wasn't the end of The Beach Boys. Even through the difficult times that followed—with Brian Wilson's ambitious Smile project, among other factors, causing rifts among band members—the group still put out albums, even if they lacked the same pathbreaking frisson of Pet Sounds.
According to MarketScot CEO Richard Kerr, the results continue to show a slow and steady path towards rate increases in all segments.
“He did not know how wide a country, arid and precipitous, must be crossed before the traveller through life comes to an acceptance of reality. It is an illusion that youth is happy, an illusion of those who have lost it; but the young know they are wretched, for they are full of the truthless ideals which have been instilled into them, and each time they come in contact with the real they are bruised and wounded. It looks as if they were victims of a conspiracy; for the books they read, ideal by the necessity of selection, and the conversation of their elders, who look back upon the past through a rosy haze of forgetfulness, prepare them for an unreal life. They must discover for themselves that all they have read and all they have been told are lies, lies, lies; and each discovery is another nail driven into the body on the cross of life. The strange thing is that each one who has gone through that bitter disillusionment adds to it in his turn, unconsciously, by the power within him which is stronger than himself.”
Thank you Mom for never saying I told you so, even when you should have.
Video or audio files should be made available online
No one in particular
"Just a silly game!"
Greg ignored the comment. Jim always pretended to lament the loss of his bachelorhood, but Greg knew the truth—Jim loved being married.
17 times more likely!!
Cass and I pull some more outfits. Mark takes off his pants as he changes cameras, Talluhlah says "you getting naked Mark? Ooooh" and Mark says, "I'm hot! Don't embarrass me!" which is cute cause I never see Mark get shy, he slips into his shorts.
Naomie didn't seem too interested, I think it was still a bit advanced for her yet but she did play with a couple of twigs while I was helping Leyla do the sticking. We scrunched down the paper bag then squirted a whole load of craft glue all over the sides. I got Leyla to press twigs all around the outside. She wasn't too convinced because it was a bit messy haha, she kept saying "Oh no, I've got glue on my fingers" haha. She's definitely her mother's daughter! She kept at it though and we got it done. I then squirted some glue in the middle and we laid some twigs in there for the birds to sit on.
What we do know is that hospitalizations for eating disorders in kids under 12 are up 119%, and research from the University of Minnesota found that weight control behaviors used by adolescents predicted significant weight gain in some kids and eating disorders in some kids but failed to produce thinner kids or healthier kids.
Plaster Caster
This recipe takes seven simple ingredients and takes no time at all to whip up a batch. I have saved my Vegenaise jars and use them for our homemade mayonnaise.
I measured and taped on the wall, where I wanted each shelf to fit all the cans I wanted into it. Husband comes in and measures from the top of the fridge to the floor takes into account the casters we bought and cuts the wood (shorter than I wanted!). Huge debate and "you never listen to me" discussion happens "whats done is done all isn't lost" half apology comes and then we are off to work again.
Janice Gaines wrote the familiar refrain of “One Day,” and simply sang it around the house to encourage herself, until she took it to writing partners Alvin Love III and Dwan Hill. The trio completed the song, which was produced by Hill (for Crystal City, Inc.) and Love. The result is a refreshing gospel anthem that stands out and resonates with every heart.
the ways to come
EOH: Do you feel that you and other members of the Congressional Black Caucus are being targeted?
10: Troy 6:43
I feel happy, liberated, excited and to be honest a bit sad too. Endings are always sad.
This worries SHIELD boss Nick Fury (Samuel L Jackson), who sets about assembling a team of specialists to sort the problem out. Already on his books are the crackshot Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner) and superspy Black Widow (Scarlett Johanssen), and quick to sign up is chemically-enhanced super-soldier Captain America (Chris Evans – no, UK readers, the other one). Less immediately eager are playboy genius Iron Man (Robert Downey Junior) and brilliant-physicist-stroke-unstoppable-atomic-monster Bruce Banner (not content with doing his usual changing-from-pink-to-green trick, the Hulk has also transformed from Ed Norton to Mark Ruffalo for this outing). Matters are further complicated when Loki’s adoptive brother, Thor (Chris Hemsworth) takes an understandable interest in his activities…
Jane Holly, murdered in a public Laundromat….
He is survived by his loving wife Sonia Walton. His son Songhai A. Walton of Fort Myers, Florida, two brothers, James Walton of Columbia, South Carolina, Joseph Walton of New York City, three nieces, one nephew along with a host of very special family and friends.
And now for this week’s haiku!
Didn't they do a great job?! Be sure to click over to each of their blogs - some even have more than one project and I know they can't wait to see what you think!! See you back here tomorrow at the same time! Thanks so much for stopping by this morning!
Bran Muffins
It did too... Shattered.
Let me start at the top.
Answer me this: which person is more lazy, the one who chooses to watch TV all day, or the one who submits to their daily indoctrination at the hands of our education system? The one who is engrossed in a video game of their own choosing, or the one who is being forced to take music lessons? The one who spends hours petting and playing with their cat, or the one who goes outside to play because they were told to? The one who is able to view the world in new ways, or the one who tries to figure out how to exist in the world the way it is today? The one who challenges, or the one who accepts? The one who experiments, or the one who follows?
The PCs decided to investigate this foreboding tunnel, and set off carefully southward, down into the darkness. Vivuli affixed a fire gem to an arrow; Innominus cast find traps.
"I really don't think that's gonna help L.T." her co-pilot chided to his Lieutenant from the systems command consol behind the cockpit.
True or False?
Taxi Dancing
Exaltation
Don't forget to be eligible you need to create a new project that features a Penny Black image stamp, large sentiment or stickeroo as its main focus.
Psalm 8 (New International Readers Version)
Solaes agreed, but she also found herself melancholy…
Now, what to do with my cute little iron urns for Christmas? After some online searching I found a few ideas, but since I am short on TIME these days, I needed something super speedy... running through the aisles at Hobby Lobby during the 50% of Christmas sale, inspiration struck like a directive from Santa himself.
Thai governmental nurseries give away seedlings of these trees (and other trees too, like teak) for free, which is a fantastic project to promote reforestation, add beauty and shade to the landscape and to prevent erosion.
It's also helpful to have air-cleaning house plants. I have spider plants and pathos which are super easy to grow and among the most effective at cleaning indoor air. Also grow sprouts and micro greens and eat them: clean the air and nourish your temple!
Place flattened pieces on a greased cookie sheet, cover and let rise again for another half-hour.
2005 Maume Gevrey Chambertain 1er Cru Lavaux St. Jacques (100% Pinot Noir)–A fabulous wine from the first ‘vintage of the century’ in Burgundy. Brought by the same friends who brought the Corton-Charlemagne, we popped and poured this before the white was all gone. The nose was somewhat muted, but started to give off some raspberry and ‘forrest floor’ after some aeration. On the palate, very balanced with bright berry fruit and gripping acidity. Outstanding. 92 points.
Then the Priest venerates the altar as usual with a kiss, as at the beginning. After this he is joined by the other ministers in front of the altar, and after a brief moment they all bow toward the altar. While this is happening the congregation sings the final hymn. The ministers of the liturgy, minus the Book of the Gospels, now exit the church. The congregation should remain in their places until the end of the closing hymn.
March 25th (Sunday) : Kobe
I was waiting for a bus in a seedy area of town where it is not uncommon to see people having altercations on the street. Near the bus stop there was a black woman and a white woman arguing about something. At first the black woman and the white woman seemed to be equally involved in the argument. But after a short while, the fight became worse, and it was the white woman who was escalating it at every turn, getting all up in the black woman’s face, becoming louder, more aggressive. She started pushing the black woman. The black woman held her ground, but she was NOT fighting back. She was trying to diffuse the situation as much as possible, without giving in.
I'd like to go to church. (This was a resolution last year and I kick myself regularly over this one. I hate finding a church though. I hate the whole process!)
We walked all the way up State St. and went into the Capital.
“Honestly… Honestly I’m saying this. I happen to think Mr Methane’s a genius. I told you I thought he’s funny and I would back him; I certainly would.
In addition to walking, we tried to mix up our activity over the course of the week. The ship had a full fitness center. When we went on our last cruise in 2000, that ship may have had a place to exercise. I didn't check; I wan't in the habit of going to the gym back then. Now I try to make time for exercise, so on the first day of the cruise Tony and I took a tour of the center. It had all the things I was used to seeing at my regular gym-treadmills, elliptical machines, weight machines, and free weights. There were also classes you could sign up for, but they weren't free.
seducing me to a salivating wreck,
A source close to Mr Slipper’s office told the National Times that, during the evening of March 19, Mr Ashby revealed personal details to Mr Pyne, a claim Mr Pyne strenuously denies.
But they also spoke of the inhuman cruelty a part of her was so capable of–and still able–and this was something she wasn’t prepared to confront or deal with.
Is 61:10 I will greatly rejoice in the Lord, my soul shall be joyful in my God; for He has clothed me with the garments of salvation, He has covered me with the robe of righteousness, as a bridegroom decks Himself with ornaments, and as a bride adorns herself with jewels.
SUPPORTING ACTRESS
Their roast goose was amazing, the meat was juicy and marinated just right with a hint of sesame oil which I think they drizzled onto the duck just before serving. Although the sesame was detectable it was in now way overpowering, only adding to the goose making it every so memorable. Besides their roast goose, they also make their own century old eggs served with pickled ginger. The egg was made very well! Not a hint of ammonia, very mild creamy yolk with a transparent chewy 'white'. Yum!
Dreams. You always wanted to see your book at a library, or on the shelf at a bookstore, and those dreams die hard.
From those lyrics, a single image popped into my head: of a boy sitting in a classroom, desperately lonely despite the many students around him, wanting to be ignored. This boy had a secret, I came to see, one so awful that if it were ever made known his otherwise civil classmates would--in a split second--kill him. I pondered what that secret might be. When it came to me, I literally jumped out of my seat: the boy was the only surviving human in a world filled with vampire-like creatures. No existence could be lonelier or scarier than that.
It is great to be a follower, but I want to take blogging to the next level. I don't want followers...I want friends. I want my blog to be set in a community where we come together, embrace each other, and support each other...not by our stats, not by our numbers, but by our ideas and creative vision...and most importantly -- our friendship.
On Monday, my family descends and we make 150 pounds of mochi!
but one thing I am SO very proud of
I love the opportunity to grow and I'm so abundantly appreciative that it seems to be happening to me so much lately. It's amazing what happens in your life when you make room...
So, with a little research (very, very little) and a quick e-mail to (SOURCE PROTECTED) who was once a major powerbroker for CUB, then its Craft Brewing arm and now a partner in a very nice craft brewing set-up just south of the Queensland border where lots of backpackers and hippies hang out and whose initials are JC and whose name I won’t mention – I got about three full pages of facts and figures and links to the ATO website and tables and graphs and all sorts of shit. So I’m fairly confident that what I write here is accurate and factual and can’t be argued with in any way at all whatsoever so there.
When you break it all down, there were two primary reasons why I chose to "un-job." My decision was, in many ways, related to a quote I received from a friend a few years ago, who obviously sensed something in me that I was not yet ready to see clearly:
We were cleaning out an old storefront. Pre-war construction, neglected for a time, had what realtors call “good bones”. As we prepared this once-grand space for a new purpose, it was decided that we’d remove the string of festival-style globe lights left by former occupants. The lights were fastened to ten foot moldings all the way around the room. The process would be painstaking.
Here you can see some of the contents of the box. That thing with an old fashioned telephone dial is a neat phone number file. You dial the first letter of the name of the person you want to call and the thing opens to that page.
24If I made gold my hope, or if I ever said to the best gold, I have put my faith in you;
Series 7 (534-598)
If there is any “cure” for children or youth with gender identity issues, it can be found within the keywords acceptance, androgyny, compromise and communication.. It is important for parents to recognize that children need to be accepted for who they are, not for what others perceive they should be. This is also true for children with gender identity issues. There is a variety of gender specialized material which indicates that having a transgender identity or crossdressing needs is not mentally disordered, mentally diseased or abnormal. Once that fact is recognized, it is easy to understand that the majority of difficulties transgender persons face do not originate internally or from their own question-asking process. Rather, the origin of their difficulties is external, resulting from the abuse, harassment and violence transgender persons face from people who cannot accept differences in others.. Parents can play a major role in teaching children how to communicate effectively and counteract abuse from others who cannot accept differences.
Chrystopher: -I’m so glad that came across for you. It’s just how I intended this book to be: a Clark Gable family photo album. Clark himself was quite the amateur photographer, as you can see by the cover photo, and I was able to identify some photos in the book as having actually been taken by him, which I thought gave a certain intimacy to the book. I would have liked to have discovered more but, as I’m sure you can appreciate, they’re not easy to find. I thought that this kind of format would allow me to be a tad more informal and just tell the stories about the photos themselves.
One more quote, then you’ll be free of me. For a week anyway.
I'm only here this weekend, and I fly home Sunday evening. Then Leann is coming out next weekend, but she's flying in a few days early to do some advanced classes with the team of professional demonstrators that Rayher have who demonstrate and teach crafting all over Europe. She's going to teach them how to use the Spectrum Noir pens, and that's also what I'll be focussing my demonstrations on this weekend (good job I've been practicing!)
That all everyone! look them up and enjoy them!
“..@harveyofficial I think I’ve met you once maybe twice at public events and With your wife!! #s**tjustgetsweirder.”
I arrived at IndyHumane on March 11th from my previous home at the Johnson County Animal Shelter. When I got here, the wonderful veterinary medical staff here said I had a condition in my right eye called “phthisis bulbi and the conjunctiva/third eyelid was adhered to the shrinking globe with no evidence of a globe.” Look, I have no idea what that means. I just know that my vision wasn’t great and I couldn’t see out of my right eye. According to my chart (that I totally sneak peeks at) this condition might have happened as the result of a “ruptured ulcer or other traumatic corneal defect or uveitis.” Again, no idea. I just got used to having one eye and making the best of it. My mouth wasn’t much better. I had some pretty bad dental problems and a lot of that tartar stuff on my teeth. I guess kissing me wasn’t a picnic.
Kids Music Performance by Jon Samson
We encourage you all to play along, and to enter your card in the weekly draw for a $15 gift voucher to the MFT Boutique. Simply follow the sketch and create a card or other paper creation. You may use any stamps and supplies that you wish. Each week, a keyword is assigned to the sketch. All you need to do to enter, is upload your card to the gallery at SCS, and enter the given keyword in the keyword box, during the upload process. After the deadline, we randomly choose a winner from that week's entries and the winner will receive a $15 gift voucher. If the winning card uses MFT stamps, the participant will earn a $5 bonus, for a total of a $20 gift voucher! That is up to $100 per month in prizes, JUST for playing along!
Feel free to click the FOLLOW button on the bottom right of this page, input your email address and receive your Philly Pressbox posts directly in your email.
Never shown picture of Collin Finnerty: why? Didn't resemble any of the descriptions.
Do Not Finish Off.
Did you know that a survey was done on why young people leave the church and one of the top 6 reasons for young people leaving the church is because “Christians demonize everything outside of the church“, check out the other 6, it’s quite interesting!
If you develop a cough, you should go and buy a bottle of tequila. Or better: several bottles of tequila.
This year in our homeschool we have been studying the book by Apologia, Exploring Creation with Zoology 2- Land Animals of the Sixth Day. It has been so much fun to study this book.We have learned so much from it. Animals have always been a huge favorite for my son so he literally begged to read this each day.
West Virginia closed its polls at 5:30 PM. Romney appears to have won by a wide margin. It was a semi-closed primary. Romney 69.57%. Paul 11.90%. Santorum 11.38%. Gingrich 6.16%. Roemer 1.00%. The at-large state, congressional district, and bonus delegates were directly elected on their candidates’ tickets. West Virginia is a no-allocation state. It has 3 superdelegates (who are party officials and can do whatever they want), 1o bound at-large delegates, 9 bound congressional district delegates, and 9 bound bonus delegates (who are basically the same as at-large delegates). Paul could have done well in this state were it not for the direct election of delegates, as West Virginia was a no-allocation (Paul’s advantage in Indiana) state and was not a winner-take-all state (Paul’s advantage in North Carolina).
-Have you noticed anything wrong?
I prepared the trout fillets simply, baking them with a topping of chopped ramps, parsley, and torn bread. The flavor was light, delicate and delicious. Paired with some spring onion pesto pasta and radishes sautéed with fresh mint (bonus recipe below!), it was a great way to taste the flavors of Pennsylvania spring.
Singer and songwriter
“Environmental Dystopia and the Green Alternative” — Martha McMahon, Kara Shaw & Waziyatawin.
I also am already taking steps to develop myself as a writer, and am looking forward to sharing some of that here as I go.
* Secondly please e-mail a brief statement about yourself and any DT experience you have to craftingwhenwecan@gmail.com. If you do not have any DT experience please still enter! We welcome everyone to enter in this call.
before we began even to build the moon, before we even began to make the brick, we would build two gigantic fly-wheels, the diameter of each should be ever so great, the circumference heavy beyond all precedent, and thundering strong, so that no temptation might burst it. They should revolve, their edges nearly touching, in opposite directions, for years, if it were necessary, to accumulate power, driven by some waterfall now wasted to the world. One should be a little heavier than the other. When the Brick Moon was finished, and all was ready, IT should be gently rolled down a gigantic groove provided for it, till it lighted on the edge of both wheels at the same instant. Of course it would not rest there, not the ten-thousandth part of a second. It would be snapped upward, as a drop of water from a grindstone. Upward and upward; but the heavier wheel would have deflected it a little from the vertical. Upward and northward it would rise, therefore, till it had passed the axis of the world. It would, of course, feel the world's attraction all the time, which would bend its flight gently, but still it would leave the world more and more behind. Upward still, but now southward, till it had traversed more than one hundred and eighty degrees of a circle. Little resistance, indeed, after it had cleared the forty or fifty miles of visible atmosphere. "Now let it fall," said Q., inspired with the vision. "Let it fall, and the sooner the better! The curve it is now on will forever clear the world; and over the meridian of that lonely waterfall,—if only we have rightly adjusted the gigantic flies,—will forever revolve, in its obedient orbit, the—BRICK MOON, the blessing of all seamen,—as constant in all change as its older sister has been fickle.”
Among the river sallows, borne aloft
Cardstock: Textured Orchid Opulence; Textured Pretty in Pink; Perfect Plum; Certainly Celery
I'm always drawn to prickly plants with their dramatic, architectural features. Many are in my preferred blue/pink/purple colour range. Not all their flowers and leaves are spiky with jagged, steely bracts. Some are much more feathery and soft. But the effect is the same and all are great additions to the summer border.
Onto fun summer reading & tv-watching!
The dumb and dumber attempt by Government to spin the Austerity Treaty as the “Stability Treaty” was junked by leading Eurocrat Jean Claude Junker himself today.
I also hope that in reading this some of my fellow BP’s will comment with their own ideas and suggestions about what helps when trying to communicate with someone who has BPD.
A person in a higher state of consciousness is expected to know everything. But while the mind and the consciousness possess the ability to know everything, do they really need to know everything? “All knowing” simply means being conscious of the essence of all you know. In this state, both knowledge and ignorance co-exist and complement each other. For instance, while playing a game, it is not knowing the result beforehand that makes the game sincere and fun. If one knew the result even while playing, the players (and the game) would lose their intensity.
On Anzac Day, 25 April 2012, we made our annual pilgrimage to a charming little place about half an hour's drive from Armidale – to the chapel at Gostwyck. Many people from round here do that; not necessarily for religious reasons.
I put my dry rub on the pork butt on Saturday and then let the butt sit all night and all day Sunday. Sunday evening I put the butt in the crockpot and cooked it all night. I didn’t put any liquids in with the butt just let it cook in its own juices.
Santa, please bring this blue boy a plane!
‘For who has known the mind of the Lord,
The Big Empty (2005)
7) Clothes or Naked? If we leave the house he is fully dressed with shoes. My husband is adamant about this. Culturally in Brazil, he feels that if we exit the house with stains on a shirt or no shoes people are going to look at us and think we aren’t taking good care of our son, or we are poor, or something. I don’t know how much of this is true, but my SIL and my MIL were equally adamant when we stayed in Ipatinga, so I am following the culture. At home he plays in his diaper a lot because it is very hot with no central a/c. Now in winter and no heater, he wears play outfits to keep warm on the tile floor. FYI carpet isn’t popular here and is considered “dirty.” We use floor rugs that are washable.
Guess what appeared Monday.
You shook my soul and scattered my pride. You made sure you had won…
When I graduated from Crown with a degree in Communication with a concentration in Creative Media, I was asked by the Communication department to take a role as a Graduate Assistant in the Communication Department. I was to initiate the beginning of the department practicum with another friend, graduate and communication department employee, Jesse. On top of this I was to oversee all the video equipment and editing lab, manage the college’s public access station through the city of Waconia, direct and edit many video projects and help with a number of other small projects here and there on a 30hr a week commitment. While doing this I was working for a heating and air conditioning company called Abel Onsite 20hrs a week and in the evenings I came home to assignments due for my masters degree program through Crown.
Episodes: 25
To keep some of you snoops hanging around, however, the University has a new College of Film. I’ve been working on it in bits and pieces throughout the summer and, now that its reached 50 movies, I think it’s ready for unveiling. You may praise, ridicule, laugh, or snort at my choices, but I don’t give a crap—nothing can make me un-like them.
Watch the Video for yourself
Again, hope your day is eggstra special!!
Posted by Bethan Holt, Fashion Junior at Large
Man, I hate cities. I looked around for any additional weapons I could use as I got closer to the zombies. I passed a few fresh skeletons, their mouths open in apparent terror. Perhaps they were yesterday's menu, I thought, swatting at all the flies in their vicinity.
Editor: “Oy, designer – Vroom Vroom!?”
All tracks: by Round House.
This hot mess is how I'm practicing for next month's cake competition (http://thattakesthecake.org/). For the past few nights my kitchen table has been subjected to some serious prototyping. Since this is for competition, I'm going to keep some details on the down-low. After the show I'll discuss my designs more in depth.
where gloom
So if you are wondering about how to leverage Twitter, Facebook, blogs, forums, and the company Website to achieve your organization’s goals, perhaps you are starting from the wrong point. As with the corner store, if your business uses social media to engage in conversations on a human level, you strengthen your business and allow your strategy — both corporate and social media — to evolve based on customer feedback.
Generally a group, any group, has an agenda. Stated or not. Conscious or not. No matter how well meaning, they almost always want something.
The nest box door -
So, lets examine ‘fear’ up close. First, ask yourself what you’re really afraid of? In the example of the car payment, are you really fearful of loosing your car? Or is this more about the discomfort of negotiating with the finance company to make partial payments or maybe even ask a relative for a loan? Maybe you’re just tired of the struggle and the discomfort is causing you to react to the situation in a more negative way. Will you die or be physically threatened over getting behind on your car payments?
Anyway, the reason I am babbling about all of this is because for the next four days, I will not be posting anything here at The Most Beautiful Fraud in the World. Now yes, the hotel will of course be equipped with wifi and all that jazz, so I will still be trolling about the internet as usual - my favourite film sites (The Self-Styled Siren, Ferdy on Films, Some Came Running, Sunset Gun etc), Marvel Digital Comics (like I said earlier, nerd), listenin' to some tunes on Spotify (Florence + The Machine is a particular favourite I recently got hooked on), watching The Yankees beat up on Boston, and so on. But still, no posts will come until Monday. Of course this could just be me lying to you and myself, and I may very well post something over the week-end. I am just that kind of guy. After all, it is not like I am really going off the so-called grid like the post title assumes. Why would I do that? I am not some crazy, conspiracy theory nutcase. I like the grid dammit. I like being front and center on the grid. I want to be surrounded by the fucking grid. I.....I digress.
This group also plays one of the best Bob Dylan covers recorded in recent years. I didn’t think there was much else anyone could do with the song “The Times They Are A-Changin’,” but Broussard and the band rip through it with abandon, like a fun cross between The Pogues and Jason & The Scorchers.
Our new location is just over 1500 square feet and it will allow us to have a bit of a meeting/craft/networking/workshop/unpacking/whatever we want space. Having this extra space is something that I have dreamt about since our first "Decorating Dilemma Workshop".
Tue-AM: 1:31, 3000' ~ 2nd Flatiron+Green Mt.
Being a Pearl Girl isn’t easy (reread Margaret’s description of the oyster, the pearl, and the sand!), but there is no more beautiful way to exemplify the woman of God, made perfect by His polishing and useful for His glory…and able to live and move “beyond me.”
The vote to recognize Palestine will almost certainly increase anti-Israel violence in the region. It will also likely encourage the international boycott-Israel movement, which uniquely ostracizes the Jewish state. Palestinian Authority leader Mahmoud Abbas has said that upgraded Palestinian status at the U.N. would "pave the way" to press for legal sanctions against Israel. The likely result would be to turn any Israeli act of war, even in self-defense, into a war crime.
Prepare baking sheets with Silpat or Parchment Paper.
When it was boiled, you could really smell the birch extract. That stuff is the "ZING!" flavor that Barq's has. It mellowed nicely in the keg though - YUMMY!
"And in the song 'Sudden Amaryllis' she writes 'Sudden amaryllis! In dead fields reach lilies to the sky, to the sky. Hope is dancing in the sky. (Hope is staring right at you.)'. Christina was stricken with the fact that these flowers survive and thrive in the most barren places...in a gravel lot with otherwise no signs of life, these amaryllis flowers stand tall. I think this is a great analogy to my life now," explains Vanessa. "Although there is all this ugliness an misfortune around me, I keep my head up and live sincerely."
But here's the revelation of the scene: While we hear Simon's song performed in its entirety, the B-52’s only get a minute or so in the film. The camera focuses on no instrument players, we see brief medium shots of only the singers, Fred Schneider in his eye-catching and "feminine" bright yellow pants and purple T-shirt (Simon has on good old-fashioned "masculine" American blue jeans), and the two women in beehive do’s. But there’s something, thanks to the unique powers of cinema, that all of Simon’s intentionality as writer and performer can’t erase: the irrepressible, explosive, punkish energy of the B-52’s in performance, evident instantaneously from the visible, documentary evidence captured automatically by the camera.
Come elections, and you’ll find them joining their palms before you. You won’t ever see them after the elections. That’s what politicians are. That’s my experience. But a friend of mine tells me that it’s because I don’t know how to make the connections. This friend promised to get my certain govt-related work done simply through one such political connection. “You come with me, sit in the (concerned) office, sip the Pepsy they’ll offer, and your work will be done.” I knew he meant it. He added that I wouldn’t even have to pay any bribe; rather I’d be treated as a VIP.
“Garlic contains numerous sulphur components, including the most valuable sulph-hydryl groups, which oxidize mercury, cadmium and lead and make these metals water-soluble. (…) Garlic also contains the most important mineral, which protects from mercury toxicity, bioactive selenium.”
I wanted to show you what else I bought at the flea market
Moon looked up at his master and smiled before speeding off into the long grass.
Constructively coach
Sir James's eyes blaze with hate as he draws his revolver. He demands these "proofs." The other man refuses, and Sir James fires. Drake crumples to the floor, a bloody wound in his temple.
Never raise an eye to scoul
"We won't let any children die. We'll go, but let me handle everything. I can carry you." His fingers stretched out over her hips, slipping under the hem of her shirt to touch bare skin. She sucked in a breath.
I caught a little bit of Oprah’s Masterclass a couple of nights ago and was reminded of the Gratitude Journal and how that helps most everyone appreciate what they have in life. Many say that they have grown through the journal and how it has changed their life. So, in honor of being grateful, I am going to post, at the end of every blog entry, what I am most grateful for.
the card shape was made with a Go Kreate die, and I've used a spellbinders die for the around the main image too,
I believe that a sinner justified by God stands on much firmer ground than a righteous man justified by his works; if such a person existed. How could you ever be sure if you had done enough good works? Our own judgement is too fallible to rely upon. On the other hand, when God Himself justifies, and the Holy Spirit bears witness by giving us peace with God, by faith we know that the matter is sure and settled, and we know that we are secure in God’s Hands. Consider this from the writings of Charles H. Spurgeon:
Seasonal recipes
Jake England's first name is listed in jail records as Jacob.
We are so spoilt by science that we forget that we're creating life and that in itself needs a pinch of miracle in order to happen.
diced avocado
Anyway, when you take away all the blogs that aren't really about advertising, we're way higher up than we have any right to be. Especially after yesterday's dumb-ass post about politics.
I have to admit I like learning about my weaknesses. I’m not sure you can teach an old dog how to be trustworthy. I don’t think it matters whether the dog is a male or female. You either have it in you …or ya don’t. If I don’t think I can trust you…I’ll jet. So I like being someone that makes a woman feel safe so she is freed up to think about taking ownership of her own satisfaction. Does that make sense? There is nothing better than having my partner trust me FIRST...then ......push till her body responds uncontrollably with tightness.
reading is so fundementally important.
2) Katie
He left it to the Democratic Congress. He left it to those incompetent pukes so they could screw it up. Then, he could blame them when it could no longer be blamed on Bush.
Sure I haven’t really had any GD since I am me most the time but in its place has come lots of guilt and major worries of other kinds.
We didn't go far or stay out long,Pa was getting pretty nervous about the speed at which the water was running under the bridges and if we would get stuck.
I feel happy but I don’t want to be a fool and do a lot of foolish things. So I struggle to change, to restrain myself from certain excesses. To leave well enough alone.
One learns the power of rhythm through use of inflection, learns to listen to the subtleties in dialog...
I had a bit of a brainwave this afternoon, and that doesn't often happen, and decided to put a string on the inside of one of my wardrobes in the studio and hang up some of my ribbon stash. At last I can more easily see what I've got and it looks pretty. But it also looks like a premier cat toy to certain members of the household so I'll be keeping the wardrobe door shut when I'm not around!
But it feels real, even if it’s not.
A month ago, I blogged about the troubles at Aspen Mountain Press, whose authors report nonpayment of royalties, contract breaches, delayed publication schedules, and other problems; and whose senior staff resigned en masse in early August.
This Thursday Say What is rather simple, and turkey-related en plus!
Hello dear friends, hope you have enjoyed your Easter and if you are in Australia enjoying this special Anzac Day. We are having a day at home today, and Nate and I are doing various activities together. Painting, a bit of cleaning, setting up the train tracks, grooming dogs.....and I am just about to sit down to some scrapping.
It was cold, the people were not friendly, Richard wasn't crazy about his job, our house sucked. Well we still hate the house (so so much) but the weather is warming up and we warming up to Virginia.
Ninja Bank is reported to have taken a hit, but they remain in the black.
And cause each other pain
I also had a play to create this one. Not for any challenges but just to have some fun! Used lots of old scraps of paper and bits n pieces and more modelling paste and of course washi tape!!! If anyone wants to buy washi tape i found the best place and the cheapest is by fair at D-Lish scraps. check it out!
Running Time: 1hrs 30min
Cc: Lay, Kathy; Adamek, Margaret E.
Hope this is clear enough for you, I hope to have another tutorial on colouring the clothes on a standing Simply Adorables figure within the next couple of days
I think that’s all for today, on to Monday.
So it was we set off, Wee Fatha at the wheel, Chala in the front, me discarded in the back like a pile of coats or other underutilised ephemera, heading out through the Peak District to the magical land of the Cheshire Plain and to our first stop at Lindow Common for lunch. It had seemed recklessly optimistic to head out through the peak District on a Bank holiday weekend but despite the sunny weather it was quiet. Perhaps everyone knew something we didn't? Perhaps it would be suddenly cold and wet at dinner?
They then reached the island of Diomedes. Santos led the stallions out to lure the mares. Harvi waited for him at the fortress. But hours passed by and there was no sign of Santos. Harvi wondered what had happened to him. So he decided to go himself and investigate.
The whiskey, wine and snacks were another £500.
Here's our Christmas tree in all of
2. Is your daddy a thief? Then who stole the sparkle of the stars and put them into your eyes?
Your name and username.
The importance of this trip is greater than the magnificent achievement of the actual crossing, it gives an insight into the ways that the first settlers of the islands may have thought; after all the problems of the voyage were the same regardless of the time period, nature in all her savage glory has no special concern for our personal advancement as a race, and will treat all humanity the same throughout the ages and the spaces of the world.
I hope that you are enjoying the info and can be a better baker by understanding the entire process of making the perfect croissant. You can do it at home even if I use professional equipment, I can help you to recreate what you need using what you have on hand.
… that I just don’t get it.
But...ohhhhh...the luxury of the Just So. The ruining of the offer of help from my children as I sigh and fuss about so many things that are really no big deal.
Some of the signs being carried by teachers bore such slogans as:
1. flashing a light near my hooha
I've not written anything this week due to the fact that I found out some sad news a few days ago, and didn't have much of a heart to write about it until now. It seems that Bay Girl is not staying with us to foal out, but is instead leaving on March 1st to go foal out at another facility. Seeing as her job of uterus will be fulfilled once the foal is weaned, she will not be returning to us. I have no idea where she will go once she her job is complete, or if I will see her again. Chances are that I won't.
I am only putting the pasta dough recipe here. You can add whatever sauce you like!
Thank you, potential Secretary of State Julochka, for this sage advice!
Eh, I guess I'd warmed pretty significantly to Clinton right before his first term, but I still thought he was too centrist for me to truly love. By the end of his first term, I was CERTAIN of that, and pulled the lever as a dutiful Democrat, but with no real enthusiasm. I didn't love Al Gore until his damned concession speech, when I saw the glimmer of the great man within, and I wept tears of pure anger that night; anger AT HIM, for not revealing it to us sooner.
Flip is in the hospital. I took him to the ER a week and a half ago because he was massively confused and combative, and I thought he might have had a stroke. After many hours, it was evident that I could no longer safely care for him alone, and he was admitted. He has been there ever since.
I am also bitter as all get out because I don't own Ms. Zoe's dress. Out. Of. Control.
7. Bad Brains - Don't Bother Me
Since I cannot afford to be defeated
For years I have been ripping pages out of magazines, keeping them in a folder. I rip out pictures of crafts I want to do with the kids, decorating ideas that I love, things that I would like to incorporate into school, our house, etc.
The fact that I have been so lazy has also put a damper on my spiritual/mental well being. I feel more stressed, not as inspired, no abundance of passion throughout the day, and constantly dragging. When I started this blog I never expected it to take so much effort to be inspired and to live passionately. I wasn’t taking into consideration the multitude of days in a row where I am in a crummy mood and nothing is going right for me to write about.
Ok so I’m not advocating you let your kids deliberately get hurt. But hopefully I’ll be able to let my kids be adventurous without fear. Fear is such a disabler.
Can you say: …and I will live in the house of the LORD forever.
Thanks again to Lori Anderson for hosting this blog hop and to my partner, Vonna for all of the beautiful beads she sent me. When I first opened her package, I was excited to see a lovely lampwork focal that she had made herself. I almost never use actual lampwork in my stuff (that is weird though, isn't it?) but I couldn't wait to try. First, I thought I would get out the wire and create a wire worked masterpiece. One problem - I suck at wire, anything beyond the basics just doesn't work for me. So I thought I would make a bracelet. Never looked right - I knew that it had to be a necklace. At one point, I thought I would just make a bail and hang it from a piece of cord, but I knew that I wanted it to be a little more fancy than that. So, what do you do when you are stumped? Keep it simple.
These redemptions cause the fund to hold more money in cash than it would like and prevents it from being fully invested at the most opportune time.
Alfred Newman The Hurricane
Assign a Social Media Monitor is the 49th in a series of excerpts from our book, Be a Person: the Social Operating Manual for Enterprises (itself part of a series for different audiences). At this rate it’ll be a long time before we get through all 430 pages, but luckily, if you’re impatient, the book is available in paper form at http://bit.ly/OrderBeAPerson and you can save $5 using Coupon Code 62YTRFCV
Between the centuries XII and XIV, Genova was one of the most powerful Repubbliche Marinare (Maritime Republics). Considering its important role in the Mediterranean Sea, it is not surprising to find culinary similarities with remote areas such as Sicily. Trenette for example – the name comes from “trena” that in Genoese means stringa (shoelace) – derive from the Sicilian Tria, a particular type of pasta often combined with chickpeas.
That's all for today-I need to get back to my house guests. Please let me know what you think about it, you know I love to hear from you!
Are you looking to purchase a new camcorder? If so, this article is for you. Camcorders are a great investment as they allow us to capture our favourite memories so that we can relive them forever. When choosing your new camcorder, there are several things you will want to consider including the format and resolution of your camcorder, along with connection options.
I have also been doing a lot of reading on mixed media art. I used to do mixed media and somehow got out of it. But after chatting with Judy Schachner at the last SCBWI conference I was inspired to start it again. She gains most of her inspiration for SkippyJon Jones while creating beautiful mixed media projects. She had some with her and they were amazing!
Free from duty.
We headed home to wait for mr bug man. He didn't show. AGAIN. I called after 45 minutes and the guy on the phone (who scheduled the appt on Monday) says to me, "THEY have you down as an anytime today." Hmm, funny that "they" is "you". I didn't argue or say anything but just explained kindly that I needed the guy to come to check out some issues we have had in the bathroom which is why we had scheduled an actual time. Ok, well he'll be there in an hour. Three hours later he knocks on my door.
And of course the skin cancer warnings are out there again.
I don’t know why this makes me so upset. Maybe it just cements the fact that my childhood is dead. Certainly My Little Ponies can come back to life and Lego never died, but everything bears the psychological scars of the noughties now. Everything died once, or almost died, due to one of those post-epoch crashes and busts. Toys R Us itself was almost killed by Walmart a while back, right? And I know the one the next town over has closed.
They're kept in the little fridge behind the Kit-Kats, little plastic packs with a paper insert proudly proclaiming them as Kerala Poppadum. Toss 'em in a small, hot pan and dry fry 'em and they puff up and crisp - ideal for a crispy side on a curry night, just right for a slather of hot chutney - as evidenced by my ancient post over on The Fat Expat.
Hope to be back soon. Thanks for reading :)
This is absolutely a book that moms of every age will relate to and enjoy immensely! I highly recommend it for Mother's Day or any other day of the year! It's that good!
if the end justifies the means, i don’t think i deserve what i was literally handed. forgive me, for my mistakes. believe me, when i apologize. i had bar celona over heritage row, i had a beach company dinner instead of starbucks; instead of downing whisky on the rocks and getting shit wasted, i lit up one stick .. it comes down to the choices we make at the end of the day, therefor i made them in reference to you. and i still don’t know what i’ve done wrong.
Love is just a wish. It only exists in my head (but the touch still pricks my skin from when I was a believer). I often mock it, but when I dare to be honest, I want it; the romantic kind, the one that saves and damns.
Contrary to popular misconception, it was originally reported as apocrypha, as the author of the article it was first aired within couldn't confirm (or deny, apparently) its authenticity. From a special UFO issue of Saga magazine in 1972:
But that wasn't the weird part.
The plot thickening, folks….this might mean they planning to go to a full trial. Kuchoorments and La Cooray!
Thank you one and all for sharing these past four years.
Mick has been on the free scene since 1980 has worked with musicians such as saxists J.D. Parran to Alan Wilkinson, guitarists Derek Bailey to Hugh Metcalf, percussionists Tony Buck to Steve Noble and Paul Hession, bassists Marcio Mattos to Simon Fell, pianists Chris Burn to Stephen Grew and Pat Thomas.
How has it been, this season, to have so many storylines keeping you apart? Does it feel more challenging to get you guys all together in scenes?
even now, they whisper, it can be done, it must be done. Penelope Shuttle Taxing the Rain
A senior U.S. defense official in Washington rejected witness accounts that several apparently drunk soldiers were involved. “Based on the preliminary information we have this account is flatly wrong,” the official said. “We believe one U.S. service member acted alone, not a group of U.S. soldiers.”
My suspicion was that of all beers these were the least likely to go flat after a few hours. I was not disappointed. Mostly due to what was available at the Dorstvlegel beer store in Antwerpen they were all of (almost) the same "vintage"- a fact I was quite content with as I started my tasting session, since these are prime examples of beers that develop over time.
place all ingredients in jar and cover with vinegar--the more vinegar you add, the more diluted (and less spicy) they will be. Let them sit for about a week and you are ready to go!
We spent Saturday getting to know our new surroundings, doing some washing, visiting a Christmas market, and a couple of friends of the owner of the house dropped by to welcome us. We found out that the property was very new to the holiday rental market; they had only finished renovating it a couple of months ago, and we were the first people to rent it, which didn't come as a surprise to us.
If you get lost along the way - here is the order of the blog hop! Happy Hopping!
Across the valley, a crumbling grey edifice: the flint walls of Eynsford Castle. Another English Heritage property, I had planned to take a detour to explore the castle, but unfortunately it was closed on the date of my visit due to structural instability. Built on the site of an earlier Saxon settlement, the castle was constructed in the 1080s by William de Eynsford, and was abandoned after being vandalised in the early 14th century as a result of a feud between the Kirkeby and Criol families. Its only subsequent use was as hunting kennels in the 18th century, such that it remains a relatively undisturbed and well-preserved example of a Norman curtain-wall castle. Despite the lack of public access today – November 5th – there is plenty of activity as the villagers prepare for bonfire night. Not quite Edinburgh Castle at Hogmanay, it is nonetheless a spectacular setting for a fireworks display.
The more I get into this thing the more I think, what exactly is the point? What am I trying to do here?
For example, a high school student in the public board has to live 3.2 km from school to quality for busing. In the Catholic board, that distance is 1.6 km.
11.rigor mortis
“Okay, 24A6B55D” it took all of my willpower not to do a tap dance right there, I could shout at the top of my lungs, I did it!
David.Leonardis@ohsp.state.nj.us
These shelves are pie slice shaped and are about two feet or more wide and that deep.
What’s with Daylight Saving? Do you think it really works? Yes, yes, this is a new strategy. To open the Blog after months, and to start writing as if I had never left.
Finding Competent Immigration Legal Advice in the United States
He heals your diseases—every one.
A is wearing a disguise
Meanwhile, Jackson was supposed to be at the library for his first Battle of the Books meet. I didn't know how to get in touch with anyone and the police officer hadn't even shown up yet. Oh well, whatcha gonna do, right? We sat tight and waited. The officer pulled up and got out of her car. It was the same officer that came to my house last week! Oh yeah, back up. I guess I never wrote about that. One day last week, a police officer showed up at my front door asking for Jackson.
For this layout I used MS punches for the borders of the green and the pink paper. Lots of Prima flowers... my favorites! If you are in the area, you can stop by ESS and check them out in person.
After I left, I received over a dozen texts. I was driving and had to ignore them at first, but I seriously resented the implication that I had not taken great care of her. She was hysterical. She also told me she peeled off one of her stomach bandages, a large patch b/c she'd experienced post-surgical bleeding. In a subsequent call, I tried to tell her that she's being crazy for attention, but she would not let me speak.
BROOKLYN, N.Y.—Because I was back in East Brunswick on Friday and Saturday catching up with family and friends, my theatrical cinematic explorations this weekend were limited to two new releases, both of them pleasant—or, in the case of Danny Boyle's 127 Hours, pleasant with generous doses of agonizing—surprises.
How will you prepare your heart for your next church gathering? What can you do in advance to set a reverent and worshipful tone for your family as you prepare to go to church? If someone in your family is usually late and this is creating tension, will you ask God for creative and clear solutions? If that person is you, will you ask God to show you what fruit of the Spirit or attribute of His character you are lacking that is causing you to inconvenience others? Will you ask your pastor if there is any way you could help with preparations for church services? Before church will you look in the mirror and ask: Am I dressed in a manner that is appropriate for my church's culture, or will I possibly cause a distraction, offense, or temptation based on the outfit I have selected to wear to church? Will you change your outfit if necessary so that more focus can be spent on God rather than your outfit, hair style, accessories, or makeup? Are you participating in any distracting activities during church? Texting? Facebook? Surfing the web? Do you need to leave your phone in the car? Will you remember to turn off all notifications and if possible turn it off completely? How can you be more prepared to have a reverent heart during the sermon? Will you come to church prepared to take notes? If you know in advance what subject or passage the sermon will be on, how will you prepare throughout the week to receive that message?
David (6 years 5 months): Finishing up at dinner in a Davenport friend’s home, David whispered to his mom, “The cheesecake tastes like Styrofoam.” (#63)
Amazon’s response to Random House’s move was stunning and swift:
Opposite side. Sc in next 4 chains, hdc in next 2 chains, dc in next 4 chains, hdc in next 2 chains, sc in next chain, slip stitch in last chain.
The spindly, spiky grey-black branches
It’s always nice to be able to experience a location first hand but sometimes budget; time and other restrictions make travel difficult. Here’s a tool that would allow you to travel the world virtually. If you do have the opportunity to travel this tool will allow you discover locations in real-time before you arrive. If you are an educator Google Earth will allow you to teach many subjects using geographical locations and expand the lesson with endless possibilities. Your own content can be uploaded as well.
One of the main reason’s I majored in Conflict Resolution is for the sole reason of Eritrea and Ethiopia’s constant conflict. It seems as though just when things have calmed down, the drama between the two country starts up again.
It has almost been a week of no posting! I have been so busy and I have had no time to post!
Go in peace.
Understanding a character is vital. Films just don’t do it for me for that reason. Something gets lost in the translation*, something that allows us to see as the character is seeing. Maybe this is why I don’t get attached as much to movies (or maybe it’s just that I don’t watch that many). In a film, characters are so clearly other people, and their thoughts are hidden from us.
Wasn’t it Lewis who said that we are to be Little Christs?
Simply Gifted (3rd), Shamawan (21st), Native Emperor (UR 9th), Clan Royal (CO bef 22nd); 2006 Clan Royal (3rd), Risk Accessor (5th); 2007 Clan Royal (11th);
Ich: *weeping* what is wrong with me.
And the kids just couldn’t wait to get into the pool for a swim, and neither could I (mainly to get them off my back).
I've been down the darkest and loneliest road there is, and I won't go there again. But the tools I learned to use in battling my way out of that pit of despair have served me well, and will continue to serve me well. Depression is NOTHING by comparison. And I know where to find help if I need it.
The man unfurls with peace and power,
We watched the roof go on then the walls with huge ‘door’ openings. Still no idea what is could be.
I matter in His eyes.
Why do you wish you didn’t have aspergers? aspergers is part of you. It is part of what makes you You. you may think differently and see the world differently, but everyone is different. Everyone, even those who don’t have aspergers or autistic spectrum disorders, sees the world slightly differently and thinks in different ways about different things. We all have different thoughts and opinions, We all have different values and beliefs. We are all better at some things than others. If we were all the same the world would be a boring place.
Tomorrow we're off on our next step in the moving process.
Yep, that means I have a boyfriend.
And it's the happiest I will ever be
One day soon, however, I will wake up, and I will choose to bake cream cheese blueberry muffins. I will choose to knit wobbly pastel hats for my children. I will choose to make my own (hopefully not floral) curtains.
- Some people don't even know that red wine is only red because they put the skins back in later. I give talks, Dan says, and I really have to go back to basics.
So next time a Protestant says we “worship” Mary, ask them how they mean and explain the distinction. Worship does not necessarily mean adoration, which NO one can give to Mary.
Nothing like sitting on the muddy lawn with a super warm hat and no socks and shoes on a warm Fall day eating fruit snacks and getting sick of Mom and her camera. Have you tried those Betty Crocker Halloween Fruit Snacks? They really stick to your teeth.
Once dry, I drew a gothic arch and I cut out the niche with an exacto knife.
* 1 shallot, minced (I omitted)
Janette: It seemed like you and Pris had something brewing, anything you can tell us about that?
I'm not too sure why they are called one thing on Facebook, but their website has another name. It would have been better to remain consistent in their business name to avoid confusion. Nevertheless, they have a really large (and I mean like, abundant) variety of apparel, accessories, false eyelashes and shoes on their website. This great in some ways (because there is just so much to choose from), but also terrible because..
“One leading voice among the global warming advocates was Dr. Peter H. Gleick whose work in the field of hydroclimatology catapulted him into the top ranks of the scientific community. In 2003 he was awarded a MacArthur Fellowship and in 2006 he was elected to the U.S. National Academy of Sciences. In 2011 he led a new task force on “scientific ethics and integrity” for the American Geophysical Union.
* Okay, I have to admit, the most perfect use of the fax machine was this:
Would you dream big with me? Pray and ask for abundance, for opportunities to love kids and for safety? Pray for financial needs to be met? For people to become aware of God’s heart for orphan care and adoption?
I recently spent my birthday enjoying a day of beauty at a local spa for my Birthday celebration. While I was getting into my comfy robe at the locker, a lady was getting into her locker to prepare to return home. I jokingly told her that I brought a new book to read, but was bummed that I forgot my new Jimmy Crystal reading glasses I had just bought. I made a joke, we laughed...and I left to scuffle off into the waiting room without any specs.
This was my 5 minute Stream of Consciousness Sunday post. It’s five minutes of your time and a brain dump. Want to try it? Here are the rules…
So, what do you think? Would you sign up? I got a LOT of free samples and they were good things that I wanted to try. I’ve discovered that there are actually a lot of sites like this so I’m going to research them and report back to you. Don’t forget to be MARVELOUS this weekend-even if you don’t leave the house!
None, not one of these useless fuckers will eat any of the scores of mice that live in our garage, and cost me extra money by eating up the cat food.
And the prednisone. The fucking prednisone. It makes me so damn hungry that it makes me angry...angry hungry sucks. You can't ignore angry hunger. You must feed angry hunger, but it's insatiable. You never stop feeling hungry with the prednisone.
There is one type of script that is absolutely perfect for the spec market – this one. If you come up with a contained horror scenario that's intense, that has immediacy, and that's a little bit different from what’s come in the past, somebody will buy it. Shit, I’LL buy it. You can make these movies for a cheap price AND they’re easy to market. So they’re always going to be in high demand.
I finally hit 40 pounds lost. I did not count it as 'real' until I weighed in twice over 5 days.
In England's green and pleasant land.
I love Ryan and want him to be apart of it all but that's a little to much for me. I don't want to scare my son. So we are settling with antlers in his room, lots of camo in his closet and the knowledge that this boy will always own a pair of cowboy boots. He already has his first pair. and honestly I love them. They are so cute.
3. Hang clothes out to dry on the line instead of throwing them in the dryer
his body quivering with desire.
1 blotches
Cora (family name) - taken
Oddly, I have found that most people do not do this universally; that is to say, they do not treat everyone this way, just certain people. The most common delineation? Age.
(c) Dec 2 2011 JAuroraMorealist
“He’s a fat guy with a tiny little dick the size of a bookie’s biro”
Take your baby to have her feet measured every six to eight weeks. She will grow about two shoes sizes a year, so she’ll need new shoes fairly frequently. Continue to have your baby’s feet measured this regularly until she is about four years old. After this you can get them measured every three months.
16. I AM Angie Bowie
Wal-Mart recently inspired an unusual entrepreneurial competition. Inventors could submit product ideas, with the hope of having their product available on the stores’ shelves. Wal-Mart is not the first company to recognize the importance of fostering creativity in unusual ways. In college-level innovation and entrepreneurship courses, one of the things students learn is that organizations place a high value on entrepreneurial thinking.
It is a Primer, Paint, and Sealer ALL IN ONE
DK Boscage Climber Nintendo DS
That explanation was probably way too complicated. Without further ado:
Adventurous, dreamy, every time I listen I feel like I’m listening to it for the first time.
courtesies merely,
My idea is simple: to slowly make small and easy changes that become habit to better my health. Nothing big or fancy. No drastic steps or huge changes. There are times to go all out and make major changes for ones health, but there are also times to take it easy and go slow. I'm going for the latter right now, and anyone who wants to join me is more than welcomed to!
Christmas at Water's Edge ... LMN ... 6 AM
The system is simple but effective, and the constant flow of water is perceptible both outside and inside the lavoir: a low barrier has been built into the stream, forcing water through a hole in the wall into the lavoir. On the other side of the wall, the water naturally circulates in the pool before being released back into the stream through a second, lower hole.
plus plenty of new plans.
16And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads:
your inner peace’s worthy soul
Note to self: bring garment bag full of extra clothes to work and bathe in liquid deodorant before taking the train.
Her name is Malouchie (last name withheld) and goes by the name Malou. She was born on 31 Aug 1977 and her passport number is (withheld). I am attaching a picture and a passport copy of her. We live in Cyprus at the moment. I am from Cyprus and my husband is American. We have a 7-month old baby boy. Since I work in the medical field, I didn’t have the chance to take a year or two from work to stay home and raise my child. In my profession the field advances so quickly that taking time off would most likely be the end of your career. Since I have invested so much in my education and career, I didn’t want to do that. In Cyprus, unlike other western countries, there are no reliable nanny agencies where you can see the references of the person you want to work with before you hire them. There are people who find nannies but your chance of finding someone good is 50/50.
So. The new blog.
When we spoke to people about both the YFJ demonstration and the TUSC electoral challenge the conversation took a turn, it significantly changed their outlook and many said they would come along on Wednesday. The Labour Party has already hung itself which is evident by the outlook by many people who rightfully so no difference between Labour and the other main parties. Instead of offering them more rope we should pull the noose shut, refuse to offer them any support. It is important now that we support candidates of the left and where there are not any agate for abstentions and the urgent need to build an alternative
After a while, due to the huge amount of high-school work I had closed the distro and started singing (well, growling, actually) or playing the guitar in local bands (with whom I’ve only recorded a bunch of demos). At some Cannibal Corpse gig, I got to know Nico of what would later become Bones Brigade records. It was just about buying him a Demise (US) tape and then ordering him a Benediction t-shirt at the time, but it would change my life a bunch of years later!
This is one of those colors.
1 newspaper
I wasn't coming up with a good idea for this week's IF topic, so in an emergency, you go to your files of old art. LOL! This was done a couple of years ago, and was titled, "Run".
Their wing veins are a good way to identify the specie, it would be like finger prints in human beings.
My kiddos made their first ever snowman.
3. When they are donea, add garlic and fry till golden brown.
As critical as Ive been of Shannon, she had an awesome runway. I dont even remember her being that strong in the earlier challenges, but she blew me away. She was sexy, confident, cool, Everything youd look for in a runway walk.
I hope Wilson gets shelled, but not because h left for the Angels. I wish that on every opposing pitcher.
An easily fooled voter might go away not only believing that African Americans make up the majority of food stamps recipients, but are also the root cause of the federal waste bankrupting the nation and decaying its moral fiber.
Why did they even bother to nominate animated films OTHER than Wall-E?
So ashamed of my life, my life, my life
1: Mini dump
I’ve been feeling rather tired, unpleasant, and irritable lately. I’m not sure why. It’s not quite as bad as it could be — I’m able to get up and do stuff — but the getting up feels sluggish. I’m on the verge of crying for no reason. I feel confused at times.
The Yard (Santa Monica): Though we cannot help but be sad that our pseudo-buddy (who never remembers us) CJ is no longer here, we can be comforted in the fact that this Saturday The Yard will be featuring drink & food specials all day long in honor of Cinco De Mayo. $7 plates include: fish tacos, steak tacos, shrimp tacos, and lamb empanadas. All of which can be washed down with $6 Herradura margs and $3 Coronas.
You know that it’s all the same then. And why should you ask someone else yo judge you fit to simply “live”
Working in the tech environment that we do with creative advertising types you would expect to see a lot of iPods, digital camera’s and laptops. And you do. But I kind of always assumed that it was because of the environment. I guess with the news that Apple have managed to flog 100 million of the things in the last 5 years or so it stands to reason that you’re gonna see them out there amongst the masses :)
The 3rd...this was GOOD!! This was made for his actual birthday which we celebrated at his house. Everybody likes it so much and I'm so happy with all the compliments.
This post is a call to action for current and future foster parents. The number of children in state custody in Oklahoma is up by almost 300 this year to 8308. We need more foster parents, but in addition to that, we need foster parents who are willing to reach out to these birth parents. The children in foster care are only the symptom. We have to treat the cause, otherwise we will never have enough foster parents. Many of these parents are orphans too. Both the birth moms of our 3 foster children were raised in foster care. They aged out of the system, which means that when they turned 18, they were on their own with no help. They have both told me that they didn't know nice foster parents existed. I can only hope and pray that God has put us in their lives and in their children's lives to break the cycle.
You stand there with your arrogant walk and your jokes so fucking frail yet chubby,
The picture on the right are The Cross Eyed Cricket's The Cricket Collection's My Brother's Dragon. There are 3 charts from X's and Oh's, small dragon designs. Upper right is Shake It With Pride, Lower left is Wine Dragon and lower right is Share Your Heart.
Patti waited before asking, “Can I read any of it yet?”
How it works: When someone visits the BNR and purchases an item from a shop featured in the treasury, the buyer's shop is then featured in the seller's place. So the buyer replaces the seller in the treasury. Make sense? In a BNS, a buyer buys from a featured shop, but the seller stays in that particular BNS round. The buyer is not featured until the next round of the BNS. The buyer buys and the seller stays for more sales. Make sense?
As the things that, actually, make me happy
Two months of going to sleep praying that someone is picking them up when they cry, that someone is feeding them when they are hungry, that someone is cuddling them close, and singing them songs, and nuzzling their sweet baby necks, and patting their soft baby backs.
It would, however, be better to say that Paul, being a Hebrew, borrowed this from the idiom of the Hebrews. For he is alluding to Jer 17:16, where Jeremiah, being mocked and persecuted because of his prophecies, says: “Neither have I desired man’s day; Thou knowest.” The day of man is that wherein man prospers, and is honoured and praised by all as powerful, happy, and enviable. Jeremiah’s meaning, then, is: “I have not desired longer life, prosperity, riches, honours, pleasures, or the applauses of men; for if I had looked for such things I should not have prophesied to them of sadness and disaster, but I should have praised their glory and their lusts; but this I did not do, nor desired man’s day or his applause. For I know that man is but frail and miserable, and quickly to vanish away in death with all his goods and glory. Knowing this and recollecting it, I have not desired to please man in my prophecies and teachings, but to please and obey Thee, alone, O God, and to win commendation from none but Thee, and I call upon Thee to be my witness to this by saying, ‘Thou knowest,’ just as Job did when he said (Job 16:19), ‘Behold, my witness is in heaven, and my record is on high.’”
That's right, I'm in NYC this week!!
My friend Geneviève gave me the book I’m reviewing today. This is fitting for two reasons. First of all, Gen went to school with the book’s author, India Desjardins, so points for celebrity-proximity. Secondly, she is one of the kind souls who, over the years, have helped me to navigate the vagaries of Québécois-French-as-it-is-actually-spoken (and written), as well as the cultural references that I inevitably miss by ignoring French radio, TV, and pop music. (Before y’all judge: it works both ways! Two solitudes!)
*Images: PTI Mega Mixed Messages; Penny Black
ANDREW KENNY: Climate change ushers in a new age of superstition
Next Monday begins American Craft Beer Week". Seven days set aside for lovers of craft beer to "geek on" their favorite beverages while hopefully educating the minds of those who still see beer as just a fizzy - tasteless beverage
1 absurd
Buy a cheap laptop with older technology
For doing the quest once: +500 MaxHP and +100 Weapon/Magic DEF
I asked him what would become of Sweden.
The proposed amendment to the EEA is therefore not ambiguous. In fact, the amendment is a clear reflection of the effect of Manyi's ideological framework of representation and is not an inadvertent mistake.
I love to cross stitch, it is my addiction and my most favorite designers are Little House Needleworks, Country Cottage Needleworks, Prairie Schooler, Blackbird Designs, Carriage House, Plum Street Samplers...yadda, yadda...I could go on and on with that vein. I love to listen to books on my MP3 player, stitch and walk (which I'm trying to convince myself that I like, but I really don't I just do it for exercise) 3 miles per day (6-7 days per week).
Simply Red Holding back the years UK
2 Sprigs of Fresh Rosemary
Do you have a food memory that has always stuck with you?
5. Come over at l0 a.m., make me eggs, toast and a 1/2 grapefruit. Clean my fridge and throw out everything you are in doubt about. Don’t ask me about anything; just use your best judgment.
Once again I was so impressed with all they already knew. I wrote their windy facts on chart paper and we review them each day.
Now Mayweather and Cotto will meet in what some believe could be where Mayweather could get knocked off his Undefeated crown. I have confidence that if Mayweather starts to take his opponenst lightly like he has been lately, then I could see Miguel Cotto pulling off the upset. Let’s be honest with ourselves though, it’s highly unlikely to happen.
Mere optimism is not a substitute for faith, for it doesn’t
I'm not a mom by any stretch of the means, but I do nanny for two young preteen girls. I have pulled them off of each other, i get asked a lot of questions about the male anatomy, and their young brutal honesty is not always a treasure. I have to call her at least a couple times a day asking what to do in the situation and her usual response is a laugh while she tells me it's my payback. I find myself doing exactly what I swore i'd never do; being my mother...I always tell them to make good choices. I never found the relevance in her constantly telling us this until I was making bad choices, this also gives my girls ample time to practice their eye rolling. I tell them constantly that God is relentless in his pursuit for you...my little spitfire instantly fired back that i'd just made God sound like a stalker. When my twelve year old is throwing a fit and won't talk, I relish that few minutes because it's absolute silence, i just never knew why my mom seemed so happy when I did it. Unfortunately, for my 13 year old self I am basically my mom incarnate...this is very fortunate for my 22 year old self and my sanity included.
another's misery fails to restore his self-esteem
This event is not just for gun bloggers, it's also for readers and other gunnies. Special events include range/competition day, show and tell, and bullshitting late into the night. There's also free food, a raffle for several firearms, and fundraising for Valour-IT.
International Blowing Bubbles Day
"The early magazine producers aimed to refine the literary tastes of upper and middle class children and to defend them from low standards of art and morality"(s).
sara@thetwocentscorp.com
“Here, luv. What is it?”
The spirit of the earth is polluted and this is why the set apart spirit is for new.
New Year, Wang Xiaoshuai, China. Documentary, 33 min.
“Normally, in anything I do, I’m fairly miserable. I do it, and I get grumpy because there is a huge, vast gulf, this aching disparity, between the platonic ideal of the project that was living in my head, and the small, sad, wizened, shaking, squeaking thing that I actually produce.” – Neil Gaiman
Me: “Um, better than yesterday, because yesterday I couldn’t even move–”
When I got to the man (2) I colored the smaller side first and quickly so the other side wouldn't dry. (3) Then I quickly came back and finished the rest of the picture. I wasn't too careful about the water line, since I knew that the water was going to be blue anyways, but I tried to stay out of the grass as much as possible.
Carrie was born in Michigan and Henry was born in Canada. The Beamer farm is still up and running in Ontario near the New York border! Henry immigrated between 1860 and 1870 and became involved in the iron business in Michigan along with his brothers.
Maybe a little too much.
Until next week …
His doubt spanned more than a moment, more than a thought. He couldn’t shake the doubt off, nor was he about to blindly believe.
In the U.S., the only person trained and authorized to give legal advice is a lawyer, also referred to as an attorney-at-law. No other person is competent to give legal advice. If a non-lawyer gives legal advice he or she can be charged with the unauthorized practice of law in the state.
Sounds so familiar! God gave everything. He gave His only son! He didn't spare or count the cost. Am I comparing Oldest to Jesus? No. But, once again, I find a lesson for me wrapped in the heart of my child. He has captured the meaning of Christmas in a way that I can only attempt to emulate.
watering my petunias every day
'cos I'm not overjoyed with the story so far
VG: Great - I shall look forward to that. Thanks for visiting, Tim, and for putting up with my rambly unfocussed questions - it just goes to show how slippery this thing called poetry is. And we never got round to philosophy or themes of loss - such is conversation. It takes its own shape.
Barber confirmed this. "I never needed to know how to read music really, I pick it up quickly by ear. They tried me on recorder at school but I never liked it. I once entered a recorder competition and had to play a piece of music from a book. I put a book on the music stand and played it from memory - and came second.
My daughter is taking an Equine Science class in High School. The ES teacher had brought a trailer in with several bales of hay to set up a hay maze, along with 4 horses for 'pony rides' and a few other smaller animals for the petting zoo. The class was to set up the hay maze on Friday. Some of the kids were wearing shorts, skirts, sandals, flip flops, etc. because their classes aren't exactly 'hands on' and the weather has still been pretty darn HOT!
God works in mysterious ways.
Well, I lost steam. I have no idea if anyone is reading these, so the daily thing didn't work. But I do want to finish up. Here are 8 more picture books we love, with Black main characters. And that makes one for each day of the month.
Factory Records Fac 213
and sandy beaches cooled by the breeze
Lost love taps at my door to speak
'Oh Misha! Misha is my friend.' We hand him the letter.
Bathroom Mirror Cabinets
I don’t like that the houses are waaaaay smaller. That closets really don’t exist. That most houses are attached to the houses on either side.
Paul said, in our text, that the angel of God spoke with him. Couldn’t we all have such a visit from an angel? Couldn’t we all receive a revelation or a prophecy? Don’t forget the words of Christ concerning Paul in Acts 9:15. “He is a chosen vessel unto me, to bear my name before the Gentiles, and kings, and the children of Israel.”
The hostage answers, "No, but my wife did".
Even the “final” face-off between Punk and HHH bored me because they more or less said the same thing, and I hate that added stipulation with HHH being removed C.O.O. Hell, he just started that role, yet you want him gone already? Why is that exactly? But I will say at least Phil Brooks gave Paul Levesque what Paul wanted. For Phil to lay the pipebomb on him.
When we embrace humility
I lost all my Etsy shop photos and photos I was going to edit to list new items.
The Daring Bakers’ February 2012 host was – Lis! Lisa stepped in last minute and challenged us to create a quick bread we could call our own. She supplied us with a base recipe and shared some recipes she loves from various websites and encouraged us to build upon them and create new flavor profiles.
"The basic thing is that everyone wants happiness, no one wants suffering. And happiness mainly comes from our own attitude, rather than from external factors. If your own mental attitude is correct, even if you remain in a hostile atmosphere, you feel happy."
Because He truly loves us.
Put the flour in a mixer bowl, make a well in the middle, pour 2 cups of water, the yeast mixture, and olive oil. Process on low (with dough attachment) until all ingredients mix together, add a few drops of water if its too dry. Increase the speed to medium high, and continue to mix for 10 minutes. The dough should be soft, moist, elastic, and transparent when stretch, like this!.
Speaking of inspiration.
Remember what Obama said on October 18, 2011, about how important it was that he, as president, express solidarity with the Occupy protesters and redouble his commitment to achieving a society in which “people who are irresponsible, who are reckless, who don’t feel a sense of obligation to their communities and their companies and their workers … that those folks aren’t rewarded.”
I, for one, think this is fair. The issue of gay marriage is a pretty big issue currently, and I think we could easily, as Christians, see it the same way Lewis states above. I also think it would release many for the idea that Christianity is too judgmental.
There is a role for Alex Cora on this team. You think Jerry Manuel made mistakes before? Pfffff! Luis Castillo is the money that needs to be swallowed ~ Not Alex's remaining $2 Mill contract. Cora can handle 4 infield positions very capably. You just released a lot of bench flexibility and LEADERSHIP. Remember it was Cora who cautioned a player or two about having such a good time right after a shamefully losing effort. Remember is was Cora who reminded Manuel to walk Jeter because Mariano Rivera was on deck as the next batter in an Inter-League game. He may not be re-writing the offensive record books but his glove work is and always has been stellar; he picks it with the best. Is this move in any way getting us closer or farther from a playoff spot? No; hardly. But Luis Castillo is the issue at hand, not Alex Cora. I'd rather have Cora on my bench if the Mets are going to call up Tejada. I'd rather have Alex Cora in the head and mind of our kids, helping them along the way.
You see, Forbis was born with a very rare health condition called sacral agenesis. It’s when the spine doesn’t develop properly in the womb. It left him with malformed legs, which would only serve to hinder movement. So at the age of 2, his parents took a doctor’s recommendation and opted to have his legs amputated.
I care: far too much most of the time
The old man meanwhile stared blankly into the boot, like Lolly at her empty bowl; you could see him thinking, “Oh?” Then “No.” Then “What brings me here?” He gave a theatrical shrug, slammed the boot with unlikely strength and lurched back to the car. He sat down – need I say ‘slowly’? sinking into what had to be a pile of cushions to give him the requisite height to see out. His right leg was hanging still out of the door. Shut the fucking door, I was seething. Shut … The….
March 13, 2012; $22.99 US/$26.50 CAN; 978-1250000958
Teachers who work through every one of their breaks and lunch to help struggling students.
He's an amazing chef/BBQ master!
long time no talk huh?
If I could walk around I swear I’ll leave
As your heart opens and becomes stronger, positive heart felt feelings grow and this automatically reduces any negative emotions. You are better able to deal with stress, and in daily life are much calmer, more peaceful and happy.
I'll definitely take that point.
The weekend is upon us and I am actually having a day off. We are headed to Ikea to hopefully find some furniture for the kids' room. I might get a few things to organize my scrapbook room. At this point, I need to purge more than I need to organize. I am not good at either of these two things! sigh... Happy weekend to you all!
I think it’s safe to say that rhubarb crumble is good on the waistline as I had to hulk over 12lbs worth of plain flour, caster sugar, demarera sugar, icing sugar, self raising flour and god knows what else back from asda. I didn’t need everything but I wanted to make cupcakes too so I got a few extras. Hauling them was difficult so my boyfriend (Daniel) and I had to share the weight. This seems like a little bit of a workout to me!
Living with a shipshape mentality, encourages you to fulfill all you are capable of, not allowing you not to react, if you to decide that something is not for you.
Note: Fixed expired link on May 20, 2007
One of the reasons we chose to highlight this issue on our website is because lactose intolerance affects communities of color at a higher rate than others and these are the same communities that are impacted the most by a lack of access to healthy foods – which include alternatives to animal products.
drop me a line...always happy to oblige. :)
The roof had crashed in flames onto their bodies, cremating them in front of my eyes.
For a while now I have been encouraging my students and the teachers I work with to consider games for homework. Can you imagine what your view of math might be today if your teacher sent you home with a game instead of a worksheet with 50 problems? I'm a game player at heart and know that my problem solving skills and facility with numbers developed in part because I played board games of all kinds. With so many kids spending time on the computers, smart phones, Wii's and other electronic devices, I'm convinced they miss out on a great deal when they don't sit down with another human being and engage in simple conversation and a battle of wits over a game.
Morocco is Chaotic. Don't stop! Don't stop! It seems as though every time we stopped for any reason we were surrounded and hassled by beggars and absolutely everyone who had something to sell. Medina's and souq's are especially overwhelmingly chaotic on all levels: they are cramped, loud, smelly and colorful, they are never ending and winding. Shop owners yell at you, shop owners hassle you, people beg, loud music beats from Berber drums, colors stimulate you, stray cats everywhere, the smell of piss and shit overwhelms you, the smell of fresh leather, the smell of meat sizzling. The smell of all of these together.
The beginning of the path took us through a short section of rainforest before spilling onto a vast glacial plain laced with small streams. Sizeable boulders and rocks lay everywhere, ground up by the receding ice. At the far end lay the glacier itself, blue and white, pouring over a ridge and down into a steep valley. It looked much smaller than its European cousins such as the Mer Du Glacé at Mont Blanc, but I couldn’t see what lay above the ridge.
Just kidding! I love motherhood. Wouldn't trade it. My house is often filled with little ones, and chicken is usually something you can bet at least half of them will like. (Coincidentally, my toddler decided to boycott chicken the last time I made these.) I think most moms would say they prefer baked recipes instead of fried ones, even though usually the fried stuff tastes so much better (check out this CFA knock-off recipe, it looks amazing). But behold, a tasty baked chicken nugget recipe!
Here we have the lovely squid tentacles on the chopping board and the squid tubes in the bowl. The tentacles will be chopped up and we will use half with the chorizo sausage as filling for the squid tubes, and the rest will be used separately just loose in the stew.
I took my five year old the next time I visited and she had no trouble riding the paved route on a singlespeed BMX. Great family-fun and a safe short-cut between suburbs that I suspect is only known to the locals.
As I walked the bike up a hill, I saw a skeleton flattened in the wet grass. A deer.
Oh...and now (if you're still reading at this point) for the GOOD news I mentioned in the title. Back in March, I had mentioned how I am a probationary teacher (I don't have tenure) and because of some major budget cuts, there was a big chance that I would get pink-slipped. Thankfully, I have received word that I will almost positively be back as a first grade teacher next year! I have to say almost because enrollment numbers could always go up and down but for now I'm saying Yippee! I was really dreading the thought of job searching this summer and having nightmares that I would have to cancel my honeymoon to go on an interview.
Thanks for stopping in...
Thus, the normal reality checks of community, priest, and scripture
another premix from Bake King... green pea cookies. actually, i have never tried green pea cookies before... i like the coated green peas, as in the nuts itself... but it was only this year that i saw green pea cookies out in the market... think i am such a 'mountain tortise'! haha! i was hesitant to get this packet of premix coz it calls for either groundnut oil or shortening... but my colleague, J, was saying green pea cookies are nice, so i decided to give it a try...
We've lost the only one who can fix me,
Pizza and apples
it sounds like the work of two different bands.
“Ambition is a dream with a V8 engine.”
Need your Suggestion……….
So grab your copy of My Stubborn Heart and join Becky on the evening of the May 24th for a chance to meet Becky and make some new friends. (If you haven't read the book - don't let that stop you from coming!)
The concessions awarded to Andrew Lim and another timber tycoon, Elbert Lim, included two large areas of forest in the WWF Heart of Borneo Treaty Area. The licences allowed logging in Malua Forest Reserve.
Studio G mini stamp with bling- pear stamp- 1.50 BRAND NEW
The fog surrounded me, and I could hardly see the pavement right in front of me. Every ten minutes or so a car would pass me, temporarily blinding me with its headlights. I wondered, briefly, what it’d be like to be hit by a car moving at 50mph. At some point I passed a pedestrian. I thought it was odd that there would be a person walking around in the middle of nowhere past midnight, but then again I was riding around in the middle of nowhere past midnight.
I've been on an envelope-making binge lately.
Painting water isn’t as daunting as I’ve always thought it would be and lopsided boats are just fine.
from every hull these rocks have claimed
Naturally I headed to a department store. Shopaholic tendencies aside, I had to spend some time there alone while my friends, whose family lived in town, took care of errands. Amongst eighty billion things, I spotted the spoons and fell in love.
they saw that day as the day Kent survived.
On the non-knitting front, we had an unprecedented and totally unexpected visit from a pair of King Parrots a couple of weeks ago. DH was having a cuppa out on the back deck and quietly called me out to see these beautys. We kept our movements slow and quiet, and they didn’t seem at all fazed by us. At first glance, I thought they were Crimson Rosellas, but DH, the birdo of the family, assured me they were King Parrots. Coincidentally, B had just learnt about them at school, and wondered if this was a sign to make them her project subject. Up to then, I’d never seen a King Parrot either in captivity or in the wild. Quite a treat!
The sequence shows a close-up of a human hand writing a dotted line on flesh — obviously prepping for plastic surgery. But the 3rd line doesn’t line up with the other two! Straight, straight … LEFT?!?! THIS REALLY BOTHERED ME! There’s 2 explanations: They did this on purpose to symbolize how even surgery is not an exact science, and how biological hacking doesn’t need to occur on the exact precise parameters that computer hacking does. You can “miss” a bit and still have your surgery be successful.
"Wanted- Vacuum.
At the beginning of the book Meg was just your average outcast. She purposely didn’t have friends, her dad wasn’t very nice, and she was extremely snarky. But as the book went on I got to see beneath that hard exterior and see the damaged, scared girl beneath. Seeing who she truly was really helped me empathize with her.
We argue and you slam the phone on my face
Her father picked up the pot of Mac & cheese.
and move to another square,
Oh, aye. She might be gone awhile then?
In my box Lauren included lots of yummy goodies, including Almond butter from The Orchards inPomona,NY(something I have been dying to try, but never purchased because Alex refuses to try it!), Bread and Butter Pickles (again, much to Alex’s dismay! *More on that later!), Roasted Natural Sea Weed, Soba noodles, and a recipe for Soba noodles with kale and walnuts!
And now for the rest of the story....
- my hearts aches
Serve with soy sauce and chopped chilies as garnish.
When my daughter would trip I would look at her and say, “Don’t you let that ground beat you.” She would smile and get back up. If she ever cried, I knew she was actually hurt. Sometimes falling just startles the kid and how you react will tell them how to react. You can see kids take cues from adults sometimes. If you have ever seen a kid fall, then pause and look around, you know what I am talking about. It is the “should I freak out for attention or go back to playing” look.
As a GM, it's a classic horror-movie-style oneshot with deliberately meh pregen PCs who then become individuals because there are real people playing them who don't necessarily follow the script, and that's the plan. Only the in-character GMs try to railroad them like crazy, and it all goes wrong anyway. And then all the monsters in the rulebook break through the GM's screen and eat the game development staff. Or something. The analogy breaks down when the audience are also the stars.
this year and post here more often. I'm fortunate to live in Massachusetts
For any one interested in making 1930s clothing, particularly early 1930s, Dress Cutting -- Instructions and Illustrations for Sewing 26 Vintage 1930s Fashions by Margaret Ralston is a must have. This book offers a very informative look at cutting and creating your own custom sewing patterns shown in well illustrated step-by-step sections. Starting with an exercise in taking your measurements, you learn how to create a basic skirt, blouse, and dress. Once you have a basic well fit pattern, you can adapt it to make a variety of items. I particularly like the sections on pleated and flared skirts. I was a bit disappointed when the book first arrived because it was so small, roughly 5" x 7" and only 71 pages. However, if you order this book don't let the small size discourage you! At first glance some of the sections look a bit challenging so take the time to read the book thoroughly. I'm looking forward to really using this book once I clear my sewing schedule a bit.
6. Start a couple of businesses and invest in a couple of businesses
apple pie cooked through a seed bruised stem eye
And then it was Saturday, time to hit up the Hester Street Fair again. Still a great place, met up with a new friend, strolled through the place, ate an empenada, got my cucumber-mint lemonade on and grabbed a Fatty’s Cake cookie (OMG, SO GOOD).
En Masse also did the mural at Foufounes Electriques a while back, which is a mandatory step on the ladder for any Montreal artist(s) out there making a name for themselves. I snapped a pic of it while I was there to watch a performance by Inter-Species Wrestling (I’ll save that story for another post). Check it out:
He writes: “JMU has provided me the opportunity to personally tailor my undergrad education. The opportunities on this campus are endless. Even when an opportunity didn’t exist here, JMU facilitated me in opening new doors. Prior to attending this university I often conceded to educational challenges. JMU made me realize that if you put in the effort and accept help when needed, you will be successful.”
Exercise has kept me regulated. I can tell when I miss a day at the gym or a day of running or biking outside, even just walking. If I miss a week, I not only feel it in my body, but my mind is either too slow, or too fast. When it comes down to it, it’s just that much harder for me to function without it. I’m better able to control myself and my focus. I also sleep better which is HUGE for me. Any night that I can get 5 hours of sleep or more is a good night. When I’m exercising, I get that.
In the introduction to the report (p. 8) ABM outlines the role of indicators:
EXPERIMENT BEGIN!
Today I didn’t do much but finish packing up my stuff. Tomorrow I’m going to get the last of my stuff out the Condo. I have really opened my eyes these last couple of days. And realizing that I’m beginning to like the person that I have become. I have a plan, and this time I really hope that my plan works this time. I really want to just get everything back on track. I know that in the long run, I will do just fine, but I will feel better when everything happens like it’s supposed. I really didn’t see myself being this far down at the bottom, but you know what I’m no longer upset or feeling bad about it.
What is most remarkable about this film, in my opinion, is its ability to balance both the heavy and the light. It uses a score incredibly reminiscent of Peter and the Wolf, as it moves bombastically and menacingly in places, while it can be bird-like and cuckoo-esque in other portions. Similarly, the film begins by using concessional visual gags and visually witty graphics in scenes which break boundaries and destroy concepts of times, while by the time it reaches the end, it has become a visual cacophony representing the shift in attitudes both father and son are experiencing.
One of the great things about LA is its cultural diversity. It may be more of a proverbial salad than a melting pot, but those interested will find an abundance of ethnicities to explore, often conveniently concentrated in neighborhoods that offer keys in form of good eats, and cultural festivals and celebrations - such as Thai Town, and their Songkran (New Year) celebrations held this past weekend.
you lead me into love
real soon
10/25/2008 - Madison, WI - Orpheum
like blurry bullets.
The Full Monty (Simon Beaufoy)
- Misty Morning (Cave Aged Cheddar) paired with Mad Hatter IPA
i don't think my heart can take much more.
Every writer’s greatest honor is to be read.
To offset the built-in waits, the game provides timely visual rewards--symbolic little starbursts for example, when we collect money or harvest the food we have learned to plant continuously. And we love the tiny princesses and wizards who hurry this way and that along our paths, not to mention the imaginative dragons.
2. those of the "sand surf and beach".
Cauliflower, 1 cup
However, regarding the settlement enterprise across the 1949 cease-fire line, in territories captured after 1967, Gans rules that Jewish historical rights are subject to a morality-versus-justice argument, and that this increased settlement is morally unjustified given that Jews have already achieved their primary right, self-determination, in lands to which they possess historical rights.
Sprinkle evenly over filling. Use your fingers to put nice big crumbly pieces on top.
That’s where it would ultimately end
Show your friends how much you care. Send this to everyone you consider a FRIEND including me if you consider me a friend. If it comes back to you, then you’ll know you have a circle of friends.
We saw Mary Roach speak at SetiCon (because we are that kind of nerdcore) and I have to say that I'm not proud of my behavior when given the chance to chat with one of my favorite authors. (She on my Dinner for 8 list.) We were sleep deprived and I was more worried about losing my dignity in a word-vomit-explosion of gooeyness. So instead I clammed up and we exchanged some pleasant-yet-awkward- drivel I (thankfully) can't remember much of. I know we talked about how my son was probably the youngest attendee. And then she signed the book to Baz (who was sleeping in my Beco) and that was awesome. She lives in the Bay Area, so the chances of my seeing her speak again are fairly high and now that I've read the book I can avoid coming across like the village idiot. I hope.
I am proud to be a transgender rollergirl, and I am optimistic as I look forward to the implementation of WFTDA’s gender policy in January 2012. I firmly believe that WFTDA is better off with the current gender policy than without one, and I sincerely hope the visibility the Philly Rollergirls’ protest brought to potential problems with the gender policy will lead to revisions in the policy to make it more inclusive
When my dad got back from his walk this morning my mom was confused. She doesn't know what day of the week it is or that they are going to conference next week in CT. She doesn't know where my brother lives or the name of her grandchild. She keeps asking my dad the same questions.
*make sure ruffles stay nice and flattened down when you sew them... a few of mine got sewn "flipped upwards"
7. Traveled to Wisconsin and celebrated Halloween with my son and daughter-in-law. We also went to a rock shop, and visited the Audubon Society nature preserve where he works.
Jesus, you wept for the city you loved – in your words and actions the oppressed found justice and the angry found release…. (prayer heading used on Iona)
Reported by the EU Times, the “New Great Game” moves being planned by the Americans is to strike fear into both Russia and China that includes:
There are many ways to mask, and some I know I haven't mentioned but this is a good list to get started with. Now that we've talked about how to mask, let's see how to effectively use a mask. Color Sequence is very important. As the frisket quote mentions, we need to plan what areas we are leaving white, what areas we color first then cover up, and what will be darkest or lightest. This is the part that will take more practice and I don't think I'll get into spray sequence much today because I want to show something else.
Even though he threatened me with violence to get me to do what he wanted, he is very nice. He asked me several times if I was ok, if I needed a break. One time he made me take a break and drink water. He has a crawl, walk, run philosophy We are currently at the crawl stage. I am not sure how quickly we move from crawl to run, but I am in no hurry. There was a lot of information packed in that 65-70 minutes. A lot. Even though I am still a little nervous I can't wait to do it again.
I have worn legwarmers in the winter months since moving to Philly about eight years ago. Because I am from Southern California. We aren't bred for real winters. I invested in two identical basic black thigh-high pairs so that I'd always have a back-up when the other was in the laundry pile. They certainly weren't trendy when I started wearing them. And they rarely showed, because I'd wear them under my jeans, pants, or skirts, and only for the purpose of not being cold.
Obadiah turned 1 on Thursday. On Thursdays Mitch always stays late after school to work, then goes to play basketball at the high school and doesn't come home until 9 pm. I didn't want to interfere with his "normal" schedule, so we decided to celebrate Obi's birthday on Friday night instead. As it turns out, I still didn't manage to write a blog post on Obi's birthday. :)
We are very aware, Dragonstar and I, that we live differently from pretty much everyone in our immediate proximity. It's made obvious to us every time we spend time among conventionally-parenting, conventionally-schooling families. We can get along, but we have a hard time finding meaningful common ground. We feel weird and discordant. Out of sync.
Grand Forks, ND
Easier said than done. The feet are so used to walking fast in catching the train or the bus. Slow down. Take slower steps and stroll instead. Hold hands. Breathe slowly. It is vacation time, not work mode.
But the bottom line is (and we heard it all too often last week) that the odds are greater to be stuck by lightning than winning the lottery. Yet, we don’t think of that option that often, although, that too would be a real game changer.
who died suddenly in the third year
Then I read Soul Hunter, the first book in what would become the Night Lords Trilogy. Written by Aaron Dembski-Bowden (quite a name...) it appealed to me on the simplest of geeky levels... I freakin' love the Night Lords! Of all the chaos legions, I thought they looked cool and had an awesome backstory.
My father remembers a candy jar up on a shelf at his grandmother's house. My mother remembered the dark at the top of the stairs in her childhood home. I remember the carved lions that were the feet of my grandma's sofa. If I could go back in time, I'd photograph them all.
Crystal 60°, 8 oz.
Russian Imperial Stout has been my favorite beer for a while, although it's starting to be overtaken by pilsners, for some reason. That's the beer equivalent of switching from pro-life religious Republican to pro-choice athiest Democrat. But it is what it is...
As for the Euro, so far no deal has been reached and the currency still appears to be doomed. Dust off your Deutschemarks if you have any is our advice.
In this hilariously candid debut novel from comedian Aaron Karo—who grew up with a few obsessions and compulsions of his own—very bad things are going to happen to Chuck. But maybe that’s a good thing. Because with graduation looming, Chuck finds himself with one last chance to face his inner demons, defend his best friend, and win over the girl of his dreams. No matter what happens, though, he’ll have to get his hands dirty.
Every day that you envision a big life that touches thousands, you become bigger than life, and you plant courage in the hearts of others.
riches to men of understanding, not yet favour to men of skill….” This is the reason
But oh what a wonderful break we had. T-Bone stayed with las ninas while I brought home the bacon on Wednesday. Thursday, we had the perfect Thanksgiving dinner for four, and Friday was Operation Decoration/OMG-we-have-a lot-of-ornaments-palooza. I ran out of steam before I got to the tippy tip top of the tree, but I’ll throw something up there before this weekend. Everything else inside was already done, and Sunday, T-Bone and I tried to do the outside stuff until the galeforce winds finally got the better of us. But I’m not giving up – there WILL be light.
She climbed up on bed, and traced her fingers along my neck and over my breasts. She gave it a slight squeeze and I inhaled softly. Her warmth, her kiss, her touch. It was perfect. ”I love you,” she whispered into my ear and licked it with her tongue. The wet, slippery sound sent shivers down my spine. Her hand reached down and I felt her warmth as she rubbed my cold, wet skin making me release another flow of wetness. The pleasure it gave me was immense.
It is a wild tale of Jaffy Brown, a boy in Victorian London who finds himself as a child in the mouth of a tiger escaped from Jamrach's Menagerie - true place and true event, but spirals outwards as he takes to the sea to find a Dragon of the komodo variety no less. However, things go awry and (spoiler alert) Jaffy and his companions find themselves lost at sea in two small life boats and discover the true heart of darkness at sea.
Morgen: They’re great, aren’t they. Where can we find out about you and your work?
1994 was supposed to be change for the better, freedom for all. Where is that freedom? How have things gotten any better?<U+FFFD> It hasn’t.<U+FFFD> The fact is things have gotten worse.<U+FFFD> Not just here in South Africa, but all over the world including the land of the free and home of the brave.<U+FFFD> I started reading an e-book by an ex-South African who has been living in UK for the past 12 years, and it is a great place to start to get information about political South Africa and its place in the global conspiracy.<U+FFFD> Many of us know that the South African government, the ANC is incredibly corrupt. My question is what will change if, lets say, the DA comes into power?<U+FFFD> Im sure there would be change, but would it be enough?<U+FFFD> Mandela had such great aspirations and ideas to liberate South Africa and its inhabitants.<U+FFFD> What happened to the freedom charter? What happened to those ideals and ideas?<U+FFFD> We need to understand that its global politics, every country is at the mercy of those with money, and unfortunately South Africa still owes the IMF a lot of money.<U+FFFD> We currently owe approximately $109.4 BILLION.
I wait and wait.
Holy day, holy burn
Please hop around the DT too and leave comments :-) We all appreciate them xx thanks xx :-)
4. Cheerios
Though the treasures Christ offers are innumerable, consider just five of these transactions He asks you to make. There is nothing in this world worth clinging to in light of His offers!
International op shopping is always fun too. Our family visited my parents back home in New Zealand in January. I was out shopping with Mum in downtown Nelson. There is an op shop right near the car park, so while mum was grabbing something quickly I ran for it. Inside I zoomed past the usual tired knits and mass-produced and unexciting crockery. I whizzed through tragic 80's and 90's sewing patterns and found myself in the mattress section where I spied this beauty!
I'm definitely going to do this style album again.
I wish I could be all Oprahlike and give you all cars and shit- but I am working with what I got which means O'verlays and a pair pillow covers from my super awesome biz partner and seamstress Cheryle Rhuda. She was super sweet and wanted to jump into this giveaway too.
efficient is to run through the process politely... effective leaves a flavour of special-ness in it's wake...
Now, let's ask another question - what was the beer that introduced you into the broader orbit of the malt and hop world? Whatever it was, it shook up your expectation and presented a challenge to the taste buds that required re-categorization of beer itself. Beer can taste like this? And so begins a journey that never really ends; the discipline of appreciation. Of course, I'm using beer as the prime example, but the principle is applicable to any number of things. The things we eat, and enjoy, change and shape over the years and it does take years to appreciate certain things. Picky eaters become connoisseurs of things that their fathers couldn't threaten them to eat when they were children. This principle even applies to people, in that it requires discipline (and love) to deal with certain people we interact with on a regular basis. In fact, I would argue that love is the triumph of appreciation and enjoyment for the "otherness" of others, over and above the appreciation and enjoyment for self. Those who appreciate only self are not very likeable people.
Jason's twin brother, Robbie, moves into town, and things go haywire. Sofia is now running for her life - and Jason is forced to share hidden secrets with her. She learns the truth about her father's death, and finds out that she may not be as "human" as she once thought. She struggles to accept her fate, while fighting for her life.
I do not know and will never understand the emotional and psychological forces that lead someone to rape. I will never comprehend the hubris and helplessness that lead someone to abuse. And the notion of someone choosing to have sex with a child, regardless of what twisted pathways in their brains lead them to the act, is so far outside my framework of what is right and what is wrong that just thinking about it leaves me empty inside with an overriding sense that there is more evil in the world than I allow myself to think about.
but perhaps you can get an idea
What overall winner would you choose since 1969? And if not one overall winner, what short-list would you have for the past 43 years?
You deny it all you want.
Elvis Costello: Pump It Up
There are many ways to draw down the power of the Moon, but we wish to suggest two ways. The first is an ancient Celtic tradition. Let us say that you are going to do a Full Moon ceremony, although the same instructions will apply to any other lunar ceremonies. If you are going to do the ceremony out-of-doors, which we recommend, because when one can actually see the Moon, it makes a very strong connection more possible and probable. Looking at the Moon is taking in its light through the eyes. You see it light, its brightness, and its beauty. If you are going to do your ceremony indoors, it will not be totally ineffective, but it will not be a strong as it might have been had it been done out-of-doors. You may wish to use a tree stump or a log as an altar, or just a space on the ground. If it is a Full Moon ceremony you should use a white candle, and for a New Moon ceremony use a silver candle. During the Dark of the Moon, use an indigo-colored candle. The candle serves two purposes. First, it imitates the light of the Moon. Second, it provides a small amount of light for your ceremony to occur. White also is purity, strength, and power. Next, obtain for yourself a silver bowl of any size you choose. We ask that it be made of the metal silver. Fill the bowl with pure water. Place the water on the altar or on the ground. Then, with your right hand you will charge the water. Hold your right hand over the water and circle it around the bowl in a circular motion, clockwise, nine times. Next, take the left hand and holding it over the bowl, move it in counterclockwise circular motion nine times. Next, hold your hands together in a gesture of receiving (palms up) and part the palms slightly. Look up at the Moon, and take in nine deep breaths. To exhale the breath, blow it into the bowl of water. This creates Moon Water, which was a common practice among Druid priestesses. It is now sacred water and can be used as an offering to the Moon itself, for healing of the body and/or emotions, for massage, for drinking, or for any purpose that has to do with change, birth, renewal, endings, and death. By the time the next Full Moon has come, if there is any of the sacred water left, pour it on the ground as an offering to Nature. You may also choose to bedeck your altar with white flowers that you make or buy.
void of apprehension
So, this will be my first attempt at a list without any archers or cavalry. I just found that my archers never ended up doing a whole lot. I might miss them if my enemy has some cheap units to divert my main blocks. Hopefully, the Glittering Robes will add some resiliency to shooting (that the High Elves desperately need).
In the end we knew we couldn't get all the crap off my clothes and so I had to sheepishly go back to the wedding with everyone noticing. I put my head down, wrung my hands and said:
I loved and still do but it was nothing
· Itchy Skin, Skin Rashes, Eczema and Dermatitis
Eldest: You know mama, they carry their babies.
I know what you're thinking, FatCat should have a lock on this title. I did finish a close second (not really) in the Beer Drinker of the Year sponsored by Wynkoop Brewing Company. It was a close battle but in the end J. Wilson edged out a win. The win was based largely on a gimmick in which Wilson fasted for 46 days on just water and dopplebock during lent. I mean that's what FatCat calls summer break, I don't see how that is an accomplishment. Wilson is a fellow beer blogger at brewvana.net, a homebrewer, and a beer judge. He has also published a book about his fasting experience, Diary of a part-time Monk. The other two finalists were Warren Manteiro and Greg Nowatzki. For the prize Wilson wins free beer for life at the Wynkoop Brewing Company, $250 worth of beer at El Bait Shop in Des Moines, Iowa, and appropriate clothing identifying him as the 2012 Beerdrinker of the Year.
It's a lively, hoppy beer. A tad bit sour in the taste (yeast at work?). Astringently lemony grapefruit hop zested flavour on the tongue.
Where a mother on the bus fixing her daughters scarf and toque and then kissing her on the face with both hands on each cheek
In spite of all this, Dana allowed her son to visit his grandmother, even though he has already told his mother on several occasions to please ask her to stop barraging him with "bad questions" about her and his stepfather. About a month ago, CPS shows up at Dana's door with all kinds of accusation from the mother and now, her brother, Mr. Ph.D in social work!! After speaking with Dana and the kids and friends, she was convinced this was just a ploy to put a control Dana, so she closed the case. Again, won't go into any more details, too many and not so interesting, she gets served by her ex that he's going for custody of their son. She was beside herself and we all knew who was behind this web of lies and manipulation. I felt so badly for her, here was a good, hard-working woman who was betrayed by her own mother and now, brother. So tomorrow, we're off to Las Cruces, NM for the hearing, my honey and I will be testifying for Dana and she has an attorney who specializes in these matters that will be speaking for her 8 year old son. The poor little guy is experiencing all kinds of anxieties and fears that he will be taken from his family, so please pray for them or send good vibes out to the Universe. Peace out.
The referee walked from the changing rooms up the shallow bank to the pitch. As he approached I heard Hewitt mutter, “Oh no, not him.” In truth, Hewitt's concerns could apply to scores of local referees. I put this to him by asking if there were any referees he would be pleased to see. “There's one or two.” he insisted, but I knew there were none he liked.
Applying these principles to the kids rioting in our streets does not condone their behaviour but it sure can go a long way to providing a workable solution.
It is with great honor and joy that I introduce to you the newest named addition to our flock: “Judy Blume”.
Of cheery cherries and playful pears,
3. Physio was kinda fun on Thursday – minus the pain when she rolled out my IT band. I enjoy being attached to the machine that tingles my knees while they are being iced. I nearly fell asleep. I also got some exercises to do at home to strengthen my glutes and quads.
I liked what I heard.
The evening of March 28th, the “2012 College DJ Battle” (sponsored by the HERE Project, Rice University) showcases the artistry of the DJ while honoring DJ Screw. College students throughout the state of Texas will compete for the top DJ Award, with local hip hop DJs serving as judges. This event takes place at Willy’s Pub at Rice University from 7:30 p.m. to 10:30 p.m. and will have a modest cover charge.
So that's all from me today...at work all day...so I will catch ya all laters..
Today's Memorial Box story is fresh - it just happened a few days ago.
A terrifying gang assault on Sydney train passengers has left two international students seriously injured and caused a media storm in China.
1.Christ is the Eternal High priest whom offered Himself on the Cross for many.
We are looking for people, collectors anyone in Toronto and surrounding area that might have something in their collection that fits this nature. Examples of things already featured on the show include - executioners swords, jack the ripper knife, torture helmet, Houdini's handcuffs etc.
Since this is my livelihood, I am obviously concerned, but, like any scholar of the humanities, I can see both sides of the argument. The country is in an almighty mess economically. Cuts have to be made. The subjects with practical applications must be privileged. All right, up to a point. But we have been told for the last twenty years that we are now in a knowledge economy, where what matters is the mix of skills you have, and your agility and adaptability in a fast-changing environment. As I pointed out in a previous post, employers are generally not that bothered about the content of a degree; they want people who are smart, articulate, and able to work on their own initiative and as part of a team. So yes, whilst a degree in engineering is clearly very desirable if you want to be an engineer, there are many jobs (70% of graduate jobs according to a recent analysis) where the subject is not specified.
The Thugs said, “We box.
So, yeah, I used to want to wear glasses. I thought they looked neat.But, I wasn’t a fan of the cat eye glasses that my sister had. Why the hell would anyone want to wear cat eye glasses?
AdriN2001: Yeah
Be Vewy Vewy Quiet, It’s Wabbit hunting season. Or it’s a show and maybe it’s the band before you, after you, or just a band that could use the support of a good audience that you would want for yourself as well. So if you can, be a good fan for someone else since you would probably want the same if you were on stage at that moment.
14 Gimme All Your Lovin'
16. R2-D2 We Wish You A Merry Christmas - Jon Bon Jovi, C-3PO, R2-D2 & Choir
Writing Instructions: How do you write? (I wanted to know how J.K. Rowling wrote and I couldn’t find anything so I decided to write an entry about this. Maybe I also recalled my thesis paper and one of the questions was this, but I think I answered this in a lofty or pretentious manner. I will answer this question in a more detailed way.)
Would you like to increase your strength and join the Avengers as they fight all that is evil in this wretched world? (Anyone else excited to see this?) Congratulations, eat the same way, just more of it. We can get all nerdy with calorie intake and macronutrient ratios, but why not keep it simple until you have to? Keep your protein intake up, consume more fats in the form of coconut oil/milk, olive oil, and nuts, make sure you have a large sum of starchier carbohydrates both pre- and post- workout and you are set. Every 2 weeks increase your food intake by 300 calories or so if your numbers aren’t going up.
Written by Angela Shelf Medearis. Illustrated by Daniel Minter. Ages 4-8.
I then spoke further with the host parents, who rang the girl’s mother and asked her to collect her.
Meanwhile, in the Doctor Who boardroom, there’s a new meeting occuring in which the next season of Doctor Who is being discussed. Having failed to notice the uninvited Fourth Doctor now hanging around outside, the production team continue…
The pre-release sale is on through February 28th – the lowest price you’ll get until the clearance sale. You can purchase a bundle that includes a binder and a planner for a special price, saving you even more.
Maybe I’m a hermit. I’ll admit that. Eventually, I’ll be the crazy writer who never leaves the house except at the full moon, and only if it rained the day before, wearing my fuzzy house slippers, leggings, and a baggy grandma sweater. Hopefully, I can stay socially sane for a few more years.
The women on the rooftops of Hastinapura already discussed this “impossible” number of wives. K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a himself is impossibility in reality; the unlimited being. Numbers are insignificant in regards to his unfathomable dimension.
In the small town of Angel Grove, California, five teenagers from the local high school have encountered a powerful entity calling itself Zordon. This being claims that a great evil is preparing to make war on the people of Earth, and that only by combining their courage with his advanced technology can she be stopped.
Your Moneys Worth of Lewis Schaffer Scott Lithgow *I like this
-Not settling for mediocrity.
Tawanna Griffin, 30, New York, N.Y.
So after gnashing your teeth and banging your head on the wall and weeping NO NO NO NO into your bloodied palms, the thing to do is to start again.
Then got worse.
Fri 3rd Feb – Carlisle, Carlisle Folk & Blues Club
Sep 15 2008 7:30P The Mint Los Angeles
i give a lot of shit to timequakes, don’t i. most stories are dystopian, in this horrible pathetic destructive hell which crapitulatism forces on all of us. of course narratives of this plane of existence are going to be about “unwinnable” wars by stout-hearted, efficiently-fueled rebels. the only narratives that can “sell” are based on these wars, for the same reason that logic isn’t allowed. destruction is the name of crapitulism. it is its purpose, its intent, and its means. cooperation is only amongst a select group of “experts” whose thoughts have been massaged and repeated for years. anyone with actual mathematical ability gets forced out of the study of anything of actual use or applicability and into infinite loops of useless trivia. although the uselessness of the “facts” which they study is frightfully popular amongst the poisoned masses, this diversionary tactic serves only to squash dissent amongst humans. 1:37 pm
If Dora was out here, though, with two women who hated the Second Realm and two strangers, something had probably already gone wrong in town. Rel put his head down and picked up his step -
I'm curious to see how Brandenburg might apply to the Westboro case. I'm reasonably positive that if my son were killed in action and WBC showed up to protest at his funeral, there would be a lot of imminent lawless action. (Trust me--you don't know my family.) It seems to me to be a logical extension of Brandenburg, one that could apply to this case.
Looking forward, let's assume for the sake of argument that the Court of Criminal Appeals concludes later this year that Pikett's methods don't pass muster. Nobody knows how they will decide, of course, and the CCA's track record leans toward admitting such evidence. But my sense is the Court took the case to overturn precedents allowing Pikett's testimony, based in part on apparently perjured testimony about his credentials, especially since he's the only person in the state who performed this procedure.
It just seemed appropriate right now:
Personal matters don’t matter to me. Personnel matters matter to everybody in an athletics office, though. Petrino’s behavior, his promotion of Dorrell, and his resulting lies have exposed Arkansas to any number of legal issues. But there was an issue bigger even than legal issues that threatened Arkansas athletics in the aftermath of the Petrino crash – Dorrell was engaged to a staff member of one of Arkansas’ Olympic sports.
Constable Phil Cranmer investigated the collision that sent the 15-year-old Highland student to hospital.
Shop on line!
transcend pains to pleasures
Catalog#: REP 4598-WY
a personal website or web page on which an individual records opinions, links to other sites, etc. on a regular basis.
I love how elegant these are; they are perfect gifts! And best yet, you will even be able to choose from several different colors! This class is just what you need for beautiful, personal, handmade gifts for anyone on your gift list. You can even keep a set for yourself!
While Sheridan engaged in the “exploitation of women for his own personal gratification”, McCombes happily covered them up, telling no one, despite a “gnawing fear that this might come back to haunt them”.
“Eight.”
6. Basic Rocket Science: The episodes that wound up in my top 5 are in there because of deep emotional resonance and meaning, but “Basic Rocket Science” might actually be my choice for the single funniest episode of the season. A space movie parody laden with Kentucky Fried Chicken references and a butt flag? Sign me up.
Then I added fine Stampin'Up Dazzling Glitter here and there (with a Quickie Glue pen).
19th Century
This is my name for the Delirium Tremens clone AHS recipe. I had one that hit, one that missed and I'm trying to recreate the greatness of the one that hit. Things are changing a bit though. The hop shortage meant that I substituted Fuggle for the Styrian Goldings and I used Saaz Sladek rather than the Trschitz type. That may add a touch more bitterness. AHS was also out of extra pale extract. Instead of the 8 lbs. of liquid malt extract, I took 7 lbs. of dry malt extract (DME). I have been using late addition for any of the lighter colored brews and I tried with this one too. I put 2 lbs. of the DME in with the 1 1/2 lbs. clear candi at the start and added the last 5 lbs. of DME after the boil. The DME is interesting to get stirred in correctly. I had lumps to work down. In the end I had a wort with an O.G. of 1.098 - much more than the 1.085 the recipe expects. I did leave this a bit more concentrated in the primary to give more head space. The previous two versions blew the lid a couple times. I set up my blow off tube expecting that the foam would spill through the tube into the bucket. Not so. It did give good bits of bubbles for a couple days, but then settled down. I don't have temp. control in my brew closet, but it has been a bit on the colder side these days. I might expect that the average temp is 67F or 68F. Still reminds me that my next beer project is to get another freezer for temp control on fermentation. Still, checking the beer through the airlock hole, I can see that the foam still completely covers the top. I think the yeasties are still happy and working. I'll have to wait a week, maybe two, until I rack it off to a carboy. I fully expect this one to sit for 3-4 months. I'm wondering if I have to wait longer. This beer has the potential of 13%.
2. Andante 6:56
Self Conscious Over You – The Outcasts
As I've just got back from a 12 hour overnight coach journey (turns out Lyon and Bologna, while geographically rather close, are a nightmare transport-wise) I will wait until tomorrow, when it hopefully won't take me an hour to write 3 sentences, to reveal what I made.
1. Conversation dominated by those who have the least to say
Ranger Liquid pearls - Ocean Blue, Cantaloupe
prevented a Gaza restaurant from screening Abbas’s U.N. address and
So....I am a great believer in online dating. I should be its poster child, well not child since that is an entirely different sort of online dating, I should be its poster young but not to young woman. I loved it when I was single. It was like window shopping. Yes I realize that I may have just compared the men I went out with to shoes but they were almost as enjoyable. I loved being able to talk to someone either online or over the phone and then see what they were actually like in real life. I was really lucky and met some amazing smart, funny, good looking men online. Yes I did meet some that wanted to become a woman (but only the boob part, he still wanted to keep his penis) And some that claimed to run illegal counterfeit operations with the Chicago police department, but on the whole I got pretty good at weeding out the crazies and getting to the really good men.
Exodus 15:2– The LORD is my strength and song,
Lindy has two squeaky toys, which she squeaks to indicate how happy she is, because she knows better than to bark in the house. However, she does like to take her toys outside, and sometimes they don't come back.
(And escape the human drama of morality on this one… Don’t add “Is this good or bad?” but, rather, if you feel like you must judge yourself for something, then only ask ”Is this effective and efficient?” If we want to talk about good and bad, then we’ll have to do that some other day…)
* The best thing a father can do for his children is love their mother. Anonymous
4. Ignorance crucified Christ. Christ said while on the cross, “Forgive them; for they know not what they do” (Lk. 23: 34). Speaking of the crucifixion, Peter said to the Jews, “I wot (know) that through ignorance ye did it” (Acts 3:17). See also 1 Cor. 2:8.
Home safe and dry we grabbed some drinks and headed upstairs where it was warm, set about concentrating on the daughter’s homework for the half term, pictures chose, printed out, cut out, we were almost done, the sticking can be done tomorrow, by this time daddy was home, daughter spends time with daddy whilst I catch up on blogging.
You can hear them whisper behind your ear;
SharkStores accepts American Express, VISA and MasterCard payments. PayPal Express is also available.
Paredes, Diaz and Poblador, Jesus G. Barrera, Vicente Hilado, and Araneta and Araneta for petitioner.
To sustain a loss without sinking under it: How Aimee remembers Jaguar
We started out as eclectic homeschoolers. My mother bought a few different programs & books from different companies, and encouraged both my sister and I to use them. But even in those early days, she was pretty relaxed, and when we didn’t want to do something, when it wasn’t working for us, it was generally fine with her if we stopped doing it. The only thing that was ever really an issue was math, because for a while, my mother still felt that math had to be “taught”. I think we became true unschoolers when we realized that there really were no “exceptions” to the concept: through simply living, following your passions and interests and curiosity, you really can (and do) learn all that you need to know, including math.
In its first year Poetry published William Carlos Williams and William Butler Yeats; Joyce Kilmer’s “Trees” and Ezra Pound’s “In a Station of the Metro”; and introduced Rabindranath Tagore to the English-speaking world just before he was awarded the Nobel Prize.Founded in Chicago by Harriet Monroe in 1912, Poetry magazine began with the “Open Door”:
It's finally Friday! Daddy celebrated his day off by joining a friend for a much needed guy's day. Daddy and Mike Myers (yes that is really his name) went fishing in ocean kayaks in the Chesapeake Bay. They didn't have any luck but had a great time!
I have a winner to announce! The randomly chosen winners of DTBST is Jax. Huge congratulations to you. Thanks to everyone who plays along each week.
Exclaimed to C3PO
The tissues of the polycosmos are many, and substantial among them is emotion, its endless undulations corresponding to the pains and pleasures of a variform existence spread across all possible worlds, swinging as the moods of all the myriad beings have it.
‘The Gap’ is a notorious Sydney beauty spot made perfect for people who wanted to commit suicide.
FAME CHild & Development Center in partnership with UFSC-Puget Sound Chapter and JPMorgan Chase presents:
Today I'm pleased to have the very sweet, very wonderful Keris Stainton for interview! Her debut novel, Della Says: OMG! was published 6th May. I asked her several questions and this is what she has to say!
The eye-test poster (seen most clearly after Frank and Freddy run into Burt's office after hearing the first re-animated cadaver) in Burt's office actually reads "Burt is a slave driver and a cheap son of a bitch who's got you and me here" if you put the letters together.
with you!!!
Oh dear – with about 1 hour of sleep last night, I sit here mid-day waiting for the Orkin Man to come and save me from the infestation.
She said "how much weight have you lost?"
Thank you for having endless articles on one of my favorite subjects. And thank you for giving me multiple answers to the question I asked last night. (really it had been in my head all week)
in a meadow
Cook the waffles until golden and crisp. Transfer the waffles immediately from the iron to plates, or keep them warm in the oven. Serve the waffles with syrup, fresh fruit and softened butter.
Akhee Ahn : My bandmates already told everything... I was a big fan of 60's garage music, but I want to localize this kind of music. And I don't want to stuck in the time of 60's. cos we're the people of 21st century. I love 60's garage (The Sonics, The Seeds, etc) and 70's Korean rock (Shin Jung Hyun, Kim Jung Mi, Kim Choo Ja, Mujigae Quintet, etc) and Japanese GS (The spiders, The Tempters, The Carnabeats, Lind and Linders, etc). Oh, too many to say. Originally I was in a psychobilly band, so I think it's time to play the melody of East Asia.
"Teens who were always unschooled *know* things that other people don't know. My children, for example, know one can learn to read without being taught. They don't think it, kind of believe it, or have a theory about it. They know that it's possible to be honest and trust your parents. They know it's possible for a fourteen year old girl to hang out with her older brothers pleasantly and at their request. They understand why those with unlimited TV in their own rooms can go a long time without turning it on, or why they might want to leave it on to sleep. They have years of experience with the fact that someone with the freedom to choose to stay awake will get sleepy at some point and want to go to bed and sleep. They all understand when it's worth going to sleep even though fun things are going on, and they know how to decide when it's worth setting an alarm to get up.
I was also reminded of a poem I read in high school that really resonated with me, and still does:
6 T. dry powdered milk
“Colour the Stars emerged from a time I spent beside a tumbling bush stream, where it seemed that Isaac and Luke were with me. It gives me great pleasure to donate my royalties from the New Zealand sales of Colour the Stars to the New Zealand Foundation of the Blind, to assist with the Sponsor a Puppy programme.”
I will be around, I'm not going anywhere. (:
But a good lawyer never lets the letter of the law get in the way: any law can be stretched by twisting its words. Especially when tax is concerned.
I got to spend some quiet time with the family.
Datum: zaterdag 19 en zondag 20 november 2011 . Tijd: 10.00 - 17.00uur
I'm embarrassed.
So I stood holding my first authentic piece of Korean memory, watching it come so close yet stayed so far away, like those childhood jump ropes, flying close, then looping away, never quite reaching me. I looked around the crowded shopping arcade, pressed amongst my own people for the first time, utterly alone.
It’s easier to cut most of the veggies in large pieces first. After everything’s done and cooled, I remove what I don’t want (parsnip, some onion, celery tops) and slice up what I do want – diced turnip, sliced carrot and celery – and return to pot.
Ok that’s all for me, but now you need to keep hopping to see all the other cuties the DT has used today! And as always you can shop for them all HERE!
Hi Readers! Here’s a terrifying but wonderful story of what happened when a mom going about 55 miles an hour suddenly blacked out – with her three kids in the car. Thank goodness one was a very smart, quick-thinking young man. Let’s remember the things our kids are capable of instead of treating them all like precious little dumb-dumbs.
(now about five years old or so,)
Quite simply, a dog pack has a dominant dog. His or her job is, not surprisingly, rather stressful. If a human unwittingly promotes their dog-pal to top dog, that dog will therefore be stressed -- especially if their human sends mixed signals.
I’ve got back into Romantic Literature again, i wish i hadn’t – the realisation that i’m not going to find a Mr Darcy, Mr Rochester or a Heathcliff, hurts.
He loves thrifting as much as I do.
05-31 New York, NY – Webster Hall
Many times, we hear Christians say that “God told me” to do something. Unless it is written in God’s Word, God doesn’t tell me to believe your statement (even if you do believe it). If there is no reason I should believe that God told you, there is no reason to say it. The Bible doesn’t tell us to go around saying “God told me.”
The day after Mohamed Bezeid was taken to hospital, on Friday 11 February, a peaceful protest march by the ‘February 25' activist movement was planned in Nouakchott. An hour before the scheduled start, three buses parked in a back street about 500 metres away from the advertised departure point were set on fire. There were no witnesses, but the fire was reported as an ‘arson attack’ by ‘unidentified youths’. Several social media commentators have speculated that it was more likely that the police or security forces themselves were responsible for the arson. Their logic is appealing: it would create an atmosphere of instability and lend credibility to the simultaneous police attack on the Art College of Nouakchott University, which resulted in 11 arrests; and also the subsequent police attacks on the peaceful ’February 25' march, which were severe, disproportionate to the event itself, and resulted in dozens injured and 20 arrests . The point was also made that activists are unlikely to destroy their only means of public transport, and that anyone who did wish to burn public transport as a political statement would choose a time where there were no competing events, and a location that would allow a crowd to assemble.
Ryan Braun, Matt Kemp, the Pope! the list goes on and on (well five more).
In 2006 at the San Diego Comic-Con I met Moebius. It was a once in a lifetime chance and one of my most cherished comic-con moments. I realized the importance and the rarity of my brief meeting. There I was, just some guy from Missouri meeting an art legend from France. Ah, the beauty of Comic-Con!
It didn’t take long for the Flyers to set the tone in game six Sunday. Just five seconds into the game Claude Giroux of the Flyers, flattened superstar Sidney Crosby of the Penguins, and only 27 seconds later, buried a goal past Marc-Andre Fleury.
Stretching for excellence,
CPSIA addresses the problem of lead in children's products in a manner much like swatting a fly with a shotgun blast. Its scope wasn't limited to the "big guys" or the "bad guys," and it affects more than just businesses-- libraries, charities, thrift stores, even yard sales fall under its dominion. It allows no exceptions-- technically you can get an exemption for a particular item, but only if you meet an impossible-to-meet standard. And it covers waaaay more than just toys. Just about everything child-sized, child-colored or child-oriented or that a child 12 and under might touch is included, whether or not it's ever been a danger: clothing, ATVs, school supplies, bicycles, cell phones, lamps, books, hair ribbons, underwear, science kits, rocks, chairs, shoes, blankets, Cub Scout insignia, food-grade organic play-dough, and many, many other things you'd never have thought ought to be tested for lead in the first place. The requirements are so stringent that they amount to an outright ban on child-sized ATVs, bicycle tire valve stems, ballpoint pens with cartoon characters on them, rocks for geology class, thrift store clothing, charities that fix up bikes for poor kids, and books published before 1984. Even "adult novelties" aren't immune from being considered "children's products" by the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC), the government agency tasked with enforcing this law.
As reported previously, Taetiseo revealed ‘Twinkle’ on April 29th through various outlets such as iTunes and other music sites. In addition to achieving an all-kill on the music sites, they also topped the Japanese iTunes album chart, while ranking #4 on the U.S. and Australian iTunes album charts, and #5 on Canada’s iTunes album chart.
The new characters were incredibly underdeveloped; Angelica, Blackbeard, the Minister, and the mermaid all felt forced upon the audience as if we were suppose to enjoy them, but realistically they were just annoying. Angelica is mad at Jack for taking her virginity (wasn’t pirates suppose to be geared for Children?) Blackbeard hides in his cabin for most of the film (wasn’t he the scariest pirates of all time?) the Minister falls in love with the mermaid (who in this film can shoot spiderwebs from their wrists like Spider-Man) just because he sees her naked (again, Disney, Pirates, Children?) and the Mermaid needs to shed one tear (there were enough tears of pain from the audience to solve that problem).
Face to Face – Children of the Aids Crisis in Africa is an important book that manages to instruct us while tugging at our sense of humanity by showing us the devastating impact of Aids on its littlest victims, the children of parents and family members with aids. At the same time, however, this breathtaking, beautifully photographed essay gives us hope for the children as well as for the future of AIDS treatment in Africa
Day 4- Avoiding Foolishness
The gifts I find difficult to receive are almost always the ones I wouldn’t have chosen on my own. Like singleness, or moving back to my hometown after college, or severely burning/scarring my right arm. I wouldn’t think to choose these gifts, but I am learning that they have been (and still are!) gifts to embrace. It is just takes time for perspective to shift.
Goodies in rather thin issue include a review by Gareth Morgan (Taylor Wessing) of the royalties dispute between Cambridge Antibody Technology (alias CAT) and Abbott Laboratories that ended in victory for the triumphant licensor over use of its Humira product. There's also a challenging piece by Wim Nauwelaerts (from the Brussels office of Hogan and Hartson) entitled: "Whose DNA is it Anyway? Testing Genetics Under the Auspices of EU Data Privacy Law" - a new slant to an old problem, the IPKat thinks.
What ever I know, I have learned from my mother, a great human being, a strong woman and a wonderful mother.
So on balance, I feel that people who tell fat women to "create a waist" with a belt (looking at you, Tim Gunn!) or to never wear short skirts if over 40, can shove it. So can people who complain that models are too thin (their body type is certainly not common, but neither are Marylin Monroe's) and say clever things about men liking meat (because this is what you are, ladies: a product for male consumption). And maybe, just maybe, everyone should just stop telling women what to do, or be, or aspire to. Because the tricky thing about humans is that we all have our desires and interests and inherent worth, and in 2012 I think we can all agree that women are a part of humanity.
I don’t agree. It’s just not that simple. Sometimes the correct response is to hold fast and stay true; other times it is to apologize and say you’re sorry and learn from your mistakes. We’re all fallible; even warriors.
Training plans are a wonderful tool. They take the knowledge of great coach and make it available to the masses. The down side is that people often feel they have to follow the plans to the letter, and if they can’t, they are sure they are doomed to failure. It is rare that someone embarks on a 16 or 18 weeks plan and sees it through without a hiccup. The reality is that life usually butts in at some point, throwing off the schedule, making us miss runs, and consequently undermining our confidence.
Erik Wenzel : The gallery will be open for this Friday’s big events. Does this mean your space in 118, or the new space on Lake?
Since this was too long, we gave you the nickname Marcie which means lively. Plus it's Mark & Gracie combined. :)
We were thinking a lot during this time of what bringing children into our home would mean, and how life changing this could be. We talked about what we would say if she called us with children much older than we had originally requested (since she had promised she would). We talked about fostering vs adopting, and how we felt about both. We talked about whether we were really sure this was something we were ready for, and of course spent much time in prayer about all of these questions.
You can't help ignorance. Prior to that, she'd stuffed the trash full and got it ready to haul. She'd also fed/watered/let out her very large dog and stripped/remade her bed. The day before, she'd carried the TV upstairs. People who think being tough in such circumstances truly disgust me. She'd insisted she didn't need help and I was letting her have her way and leave, but I had no idea she'd go off the deep end doing stupid shit.
In his letter to Timothy, the Apostle wrote about his unique apostleship in 1 Timothy 2:7.
Singing jingles all day, while sipping hot chocolate by the fire,
I had already made these for a friend who wanted to give her friend a onesie with a "0" for their new baby, so I thought I'd share them with all of you, too.
And so I ask of you, Mr. Stansberry – you who supposedly wishes to help people survive the coming economic and dollar “crash” – I ask of you and every other entity and corporation out there profiting from fear and usury, to stop promoting usury as a solution to usury. Be part of a revolution to dethrone the profit driven system instead of promoting it in such a deceitful way. Starve the system instead of funding its feeding time. Be a hero, not a villain.
3. Self-pubbed were impossible to distribute
Is it like in the movies? The big and wordy books, or just like the perfection that’s taken up residency in my dreams? Do I need some love? Do I need to be drowned in emotions and filled with desire, a friendly face that stays has got to approach my dreams and walk with me into reality - surely.
A lot of caricature artists, especially white ones, shy away from caricaturing common, objective features African American features like large white noses, and big lips, for fear of being perceived as "racist" This is ridiculous. It's like accusing an artist as being anti Senatir because he draws a Jewish an with a big nise...who happens to objectivey have one.
“Why don’t you try to love someone else. Like… Jessica maybe?” Said Sooyoung as she’s looking at Jonghyun.
Rather, physical and digital sales today are more like the horse and the auto relationship of 100 years ago. At that time, automobiles, like digital sales today, were coming into their own and represented a significant part of the market. But the horse was still there and still represented the reality of travel to a lot of people much as the physical box of software does today.
This has been a long week.
Kind of reminded me of my non-english speaking aunt who would call asking for my Dad. I’d pick up the phone and there’d be a “Dat Joe?”
“We're not in the business to glorify conflict in any way,” he said. “But we want to show the younger generation of Canadians the rich heritage and rich legacy of their forefathers. We want to tell the story of Canada in those difficult years.”
20. Broad
I hope you have enjoyed the new layout.
to-do and making it a to-done.
Harton 1-49
When I peeled and cut up my peaches for freezing in the summer, I took all the peels, dumped them in a pot, covered with water and boiled for a while to extract all the peachy goodness. I got 8 cups of juice and stuck that in the freezer. When it thaw, the top of the containers were pretty clear, so I poured off the top and just used the dense peach juice on the bottom for my jelly.
Eldrad claimed she had been overthrown after a war between his people and another and asked to be brought back to his homeworld. The Doctor agreed to take Eldrad to Kastria, but refused to go back to the past. Eldrad agrees and lead the TARDIS to Kastria. In the Kastrian base, Eldrad is poisoned by an acid harpoon, which starts to break down her system, though regeneration chamber before her structure broke down.
Rief collects one class set of notebooks each day, so she is responding to students 4 days a week. She collects the notebooks every two weeks. Students get a quantity grade (4-8 half hours for reading, 8 vocabulary words and 4-8 pages of writing) and a quality grade. When asked what the quanties were worth, Madison told me "8 is an A; 4 is like the lowest."
a PhD, a nice apartment, travel around the world, with a sensationally hot man who knows me through and through. A man I hope I can recognize amid all my personal bullshit I am working on right now.
And I agree. I want a life. I spent a glorious mother/daughter bonding road trip with my daughter recently, and we sang along to every song on her playlist until my throat hurt on the way home. I want to learn to play an instrument. I want to learn how to ride a motorcycle. I want to fix up the house for the kids, and have campfires outside. I want to laugh, and dance, and let my hair down. I want to wake up just dying to start the day. I want to heal for my kids, and for myself. I want to love myself again.
“How much what?” responded Brown.
André LeBel, CEO, SOCAN (Canada)
4. Lying under the blanket of doom watching the telly (Masons will get this)
Thing is about vulnerability, you can't selectively numb out of it. You can't numb yourself to what makes you feel bad without also numbing yourself to what makes you feel good. Plus, pretty sure feeling vulnerable means you're alive, and human. Probably. Of course, I numbed out once and totally screwed myself into thinking I was going to die. At any moment. Never having enjoyed a single insanely bizarre fetish. Well, I wouldn't call it insane.
The La Niña is expected to be neutral by May or June and the tropical Pacific should remain neutral for the rest of the year. If this timing is right, the US should be able to produce a near average crop. Drought concerns for some areas, like Texas, until August.
In recent months, I have really been feeling led to step up in terms of advocating for the Preemptive Love Coalition. Honestly, I have no idea what that really means, but I do know I've been using the excuse of not knowing as a reason to NOT be obedient. This is a trap I constantly fall into: not knowing exactly what to do and, therefore, doing nothing at all. However, I've also seen the Lord at work most in my life when I simply take a step and do SOMETHING. Most of the time, the step I take doesn't directly lead anywhere, but I end up making great strides in a different direction as a result of that first baby step, no matter how misdirected it was.
Also in this process we have been getting repetitive signs that we may have been ignoring or putting on hold – these are to give up any kind of addiction or negative habits / patterns /behavioural tendencies, as they rob you of your heart’s true desires. Your heart yearns for love and peace, yet the toxins in your body (whether physical, emotional or mental) are polluting and blocking the flow and are dis-allowing the good to come in. You can ask Archangel Raphael to pour his copious healing green light over you. Bathe in this green essence and feel the healing beginning to occur. Clear yourself of toxins to cleanse and purify you and also ‘bring you back to earth’ in a more natural state, grounded, pure, and clear. Set the intention to be clearer vessel and to honour your heart’s true desires.
"His name's Ken"
Have breakfast food for lunch, and then
Assume the BBC coverage won't extend to a hour of Dick 'effin and jeffin, but it may have actually made me tune in! Love to know what set list he has in store... I wonder if he'll throw in Candle in the Wind, as an inappropriate gesture?!
When we are fully present, we come into a flow state, where there is no resistance. Many people in sport find this is true as a way to maximize their performance.
I got a small pot roast, browned it in a little oil, topped it with packets of dry brown gravy, Italian salad dressing and a tablespoon of dry Ranch powder, then added half a cup of water and reduced the heat to a simmer. After half an hour, I added another half cup of water and after an hour added onion, carrots and celery and let it simmer, covered for 4 hours total time. Very easy, very good. The liquid thickened a little so I did not make a thicker gravy with it.
Jillibean Soup Apple Cheddar Soup Labels
is blooming its breathless death,
He was angry with the council.
Also shared and and my proudest book moment yet, Anne Rooney's The Story of Physics, IN WHICH I GET AN ACKNOWLEDGMENT! Yes, your eyes do not deceive you. An acknowledgment in a Physics book, when I have not had one Physics lesson in my life. Admittedly it was more for general encouragement than science but I glow with pride every time I look at it. And of course I shall read it and then know some Physics.
Thomas Kinkade's The Christmas Cottage (Not for children) ... LMN ... 8 PM
You have made sure that children and infants praise you.
Cut 12 pieces of yarn, about 16 in long.
The website; See's Candies has a fantastic program to help you raise money. No matter how large or small your cause, the company has everything to suit your needs. Not sure where to start? Don't worry, there is a dedicated team to assist with all of your questions.
“Keep in mind that our bodies are able to absorb more iron from food if the meal is also rich in vitamin C. If you’re having spinach, you might have tomatoes or a citrus dressing with it to increase absorption.” Sheth said.
Presently, the crucifixion of Jesus Christ is observed on a Friday, called Good Friday, and His tomb was found empty on Sunday morning, called Easter. This is not correct based on an analysis at http://aristean.org/wp091.htm titled “Was Jesus crucified on a Friday?”
The legal definition: When you are so hungry that your lack of food causes you to become angry, frustrated or both.
So, back to the language thing. (If you're not at all interested in linguistics or the human brain, skip over the next 3 paragraphs.) As I shared before, language is my business, in a sense. As a special educator, I think a lot about ways to remediate my students' reading, writing, and spoken language deficits. As I watch them struggle with these skills that come so naturally to many of us, I can't help but wonder how the human brain processes language, and ultimately, how language came to be in the first place.
Kanazawa flatly states in his book that when it comes to sex, women have all the choice. He says that female choice is a reality in virtually all mammals, an assertion I will take for granted. Of course, it's pretty well known that men are generally much more eager and much less discriminatory in regard to sexual intercourse. Men typically want greater numbers of sex partners than women do, and when it comes to short-term relationships, such as a one-night stand, are much less picky than women.
It is another wild and windy day. But, never daunted, the farmer set off round the fields with Tip and Tess at 8.15 this morning. No sooner had he got into the top pasture than he saw, across on the other side of the field, a fox slinking up the hedge. Neither of the dogs saw it, although their noses in the air suggested they might well have smelt it.
5. Anthony Weiner
What has happened though, and it feels like a recent change, is an appreciation that I'm closer to the end than the beginning. This is not meant to sound maudlin, which is why I described the feeling as an appreciation.
23.EGG HUNT "We All Fall Down"
Ink: Momento Black, Copics,
Johannesburg - A senior police manager appeared in the Nelspruit Magistrate's Court on Monday, for alleged fraud, Mpumalanga police said.
we hoarded around a while, the chocolate is famous there, because when Spain was into the whole Jew expulsion phase, a bunch of Jewish chocolatiers went to the closest and next best thing: South France..so now they have all this delicious chocolate
every day and I give it not a second thought.
I am in awe.
Sweeting did not reply directly to the other criticisms, but I think they're worth a closer look.
As it turned out, it didn’t, but it tasted fine. Until Lisa said, “Do you know what that is? It’s egg custard.”
Their naming scheme is a bit confusing but the Archos G9's are currently running on Android 4.0.3 Ice Cream Sandwich, but the build from Archos rolling out today is 4.0.5 — not Ice Cream Sandwich, but that is the version of Archos’ own firmware. Apparently with ICS they’ve had a few issues with WiFi going extremely slow after being on for more than a few minutes. Some users have also reported no audio or audio issues with HDMI-out and streaming video or games. Archos has quickly fixed the problems and the update is available now for those interested.
The residents of old Delhi consider all others outsiders. They say we don’t have it in us. Something is amiss maybe that tehzeeb , that feeling of brotherhood and warmth of togetherness is lacking in today’s so-called dilliwalas.
The committee concludes that legalizing euthanasia will not harm the value of respect for life because euthanasia will only be used in exceptional circumstances and there will be very few cases. And in any case, “La valeur du caractère Sacré de la vie a subi une transformation notable” (“The value of the sanctity of life has undergone a significant transformation”) relative to other values, which means that now respect for life itself doesn’t necessarily take priority.
So, now it has come to this: drugs for fat dogs. Just say "No," America. Scientists being what they are, with their Rube Goldberg-type brains, they might not have noticed something very obvious, which I am ever so happy to point out to them: pet dogs don't feed themselves. That's right, someone with opposable thumbs, and supposedly a brain, has to feed the useless shites. I know this as a fact, as I have had many dogs, and they have all been completely useless at getting their own dinners. I did have one Lab that apparently had been genetically engineered to have the stomach of a goat, as he would eat aluminum cans, rosebushes, poisonous plants, and whatever else came along. I have heard about sharks that are caught and cut open, to have their stomach contents revealed to have items such as license plates, tires, and engine parts inside. Damn, now I'm hungry....
(Here are the Texas breweries that don't distribute to Fredericksburg: Deep Ellum Brewing, Fanconia, Peticolas, (512) Brewing, Austin Beerworks, Circle Brewing, Hops & Grain, Live Oak Brewing, Middleton Brewing, South Austin Brewing, Thirsty Planet Brewing, Twisted X Brewing, Buffalo Bayou Brewing, Karbach Brewing, No Label Brewing, Southern Star Brewing, Wicked Beaver Brewing, and Ranger Creek.)
Absolut Mandarin – 40%
every night –
And it was always ladies, you know? Dads didn’t seem to care much about such issues. (I know my husband didn’t seem too concerned about any of our parenting choices as long as Elliott was healthy and happy most of the time. Wow, how novel of him.)
“It costs us a lot,” Brian said, his voice low, “If mistrust and tension fucks up our team chemistry, especially if we start fucking up in the field, because of it.”
My boys will soon be returning from swimming – they’ve all become incredibly competitive and are swimming further and further each week. One thing remains the same though – they always return ravenously hungry!
* Once the kids had mastered the basics, I added the Arctic and Antarctic circles.
I don't have a backyard, so I did the next best thing: spend some quality time chilling in a Nolita playground while snacking on Chinatown baozi (prefaced the night before by soup dumplings!). I even later made it to McNally Jackson, my favorite bookstore. (Thanks to Eunsan, my foodie companion, for coming with!) What are your personal comforts?
All the guests wore black hooded capes, Harry Potter-esque glasses, and carried wizard wands. We wanted to create the uniform for Wiz Tech, the Wizard Academy seen in the show.
The suspect is 24 years old, of French nationality and says "he belongs to al-Qaida," Gueant told reporters. He said the suspect "wants to take revenge for Palestinian children" killed in the Middle East, and is angry at the French military for its operations abroad.
- If charity donation is made compulsory, doesn't it become a tax?
"Twenty-five pounds -and I will help you put it in the car "he said.
Because one of their leaders, Sheihk Khader Adnan is being held in Administrative Detention by the Israeli government. He has gone on a hunger strike demanding his release. He is currently on day 67, and if we're lucky, he'll reach 70 days and die.
Last night, lying in bed:
Conclusions? If you want to maximise your PLR, write children's fiction - more than half the PLR income came from around a ninth of my books. Children's trade non-fiction is much more profitable than schools and libraries titles, showing that children are more interested in reading for fun than doing their homework. Who's surprised? Not me.
2. Serenade (Raph Towner)
Then I spread my room temperature jam over the first layer. The jam didn’t go very far; I would probably increase the amount of jam by half if I were to make this one again. It then returned to the oven for about 35 minutes. It was starting to brown up nicely
Truth, loyalty, and honor were put first. "Truth once given form becomes imperishable," but let the edges of truth be blurred, and that pure form is very difficult to recover."
As if those figures aren’t daunting enough, 2010 showed a 49% success rate of Daubert challenges to expert witnesses of all types, either in whole or part. The good news, if there is any, is that the percentage of successful challenges remained fairly stable over the first decade of 2000.
Thank you for believing me to be a credible witness to your heart’s deepest sadness.
Why is that, then? I would say that one of the reasons is that writers, like visual artists (photographers, painters and sculptors, for instance) have a more individual and self-centred approach to their oeuvre. Film-makers, who depend more on a collective, think nothing of re-doing a classic. This could be as a tribute to the original director, or because they think that they can improve on his/her magnum opus. Or simply because there's more money on the table. Which is why we can have Bride and Prejudice, the Bollywood movie, but no Pride and Prejudice, the new version by Danielle Steel. I don't think that I'm alone in thinking that a painter re-painting the Mona Lisa would probably take umbrage at him/herself. Same with a writer penning a second Moby Dick.
McDonald’s pitch-black sarcasm and rare willingness to talk bluntly about things most TV personalities are reluctant to even skirt are missed, especially now, in an era where TV comedies like Louie, Eastbound and Down, and It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia are finally making his style of humor fashionable. There have been rumors for several months of a pilot deal with FX, and I can only hope that somehow comes to pass. Or, failing that, Conan O’Brien could at least do Norm and all of America the courtesy of booking him often on his new TBS show.
instant coffee
accompanied by a sole purpose which is to desperately supply the decreasing amount of oxygen that has been lacking in my system for far too long.
Tragedies affect people in many ways. Since Vernon’s death, I have met other parents who have lost children. They blame God and have a difficult time trusting Him. I understand their pain, but He is only One who can get us through the trauma of losing a child. I am so thankful that Jesus is my Savior, Sanctifier, Healer, and most of all—my soon coming King. On the “other” side I will understand all the “whys.” In the meantime, I will trust that His ways are always right and continue to sing “God is So Good.” After all, my heavenly Father understands what it is like to lose a child. His only Son died on a rugged cross for each one of us. Because His Son rose again, I will be reunited with our son one day. What a day that will be!
As someone who has created 200 plus companies, the lesson that can be learnt is that within IT we need to spot opportunities for improvement. It is not enough, however, just to spot them, the onus is to spot them and then to create an environment to leverage that opportunity and to make it happen.
But wait. It’s not another child saying those things to your kid.
As I mentioned in another story, we lived in a mobile home (trailer is what it was, but I’m sure mobile home sounds more dignified). Around the time I turned 15, my dad and my uncle bought the park where we lived, which contained about 50 trailers. Now, I feel the need to explain something to those of you who are already turning up your noses. You don’t know anything.
We went ahead and put the salad on the table JUST before everyone arrived. This salad was DELICIOUS!! The white bottles with ribbon on them are a gift from me. I made them all my homemade lotion in a purse size :) They Loved it!!
Bull & Bush Pub & Brewery Highway To Helles
When I got home, I made each of my 6 kids hold the tube of meat in their arms. The burger that those guys ate used 10 of these tubes I told them.
Sunday morning we woke up to the same. No lesson learnt.
“Keep your lives free from the love of money and be content with what you have, because God has said, “Never will I leave you; never will I forsake you.” Hebrews 13:5
Here’s how the blushes look in the packaging:
is to live in victory over life’s challenges.
This is what mom laziness will do for ya:
Towards the back door of the apartment, we ran. I had my shitty baton still clutched in my hand, thinking it best I keep the evidence with us.
I do not suppose many normal people have heard of Niue, but it is a South Pacific island with a degree of sovereignty sheltering under the shield, as it were, of New Zealand.
take nips from a bright red tomato
Skadoosh Baltic Porter – I transferred this to my keg the other day and wow! I was blown away. The malt character in this brew is awesome and we even managed to get a sort of smokey character in there. Not sure where the smoke comes from but I’ll take it. It was room temp and un-carbonated but my initial thought was this is one of the best brews I’ve ever made. Of course I tasted this after a 6hr brew day which means I ingested plenty of brewer’s fuel (beer and whiskey) prior to tasting the Baltic. So I might have had my beer goggle goggles on. Nobody panic I think I made the perfect beer.
So, they gave her to us in a cardboard box with air-holes in it.
After high school and some college, Mr. King briefly worked for an IBEW contractor before being drafted into the military. Following his service in the early 70s, King became his own boss by going into business as the youngest electrical contractor in Toledo.
Third is 'John Barleycorn Must Die' where you can follow the birth and gradual growth of a graphic novel - along with round-the-table interviews with artists such as Alan Lee and David Wyatt, plus discussions about magic, the Tarot, and the creative process. I'm amazed there aren't already 200 followers, but go and visit!
Bird, “I only went to a male therapist once, and I didn’t like it at all. Even though I resist therapy in general, the few time I knew I needed help, I went to women. I wouldn’t want to discuss something this personal with a guy…my own little two cents. You are very in-tune with what you need…you will make the right decision for yourself!”
149. “Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” – Mahatma Gandhi
So it’s a few weeks out from Christmas. A and I are cosying up in a little hotel in San Ignacio – it’s off the main street so hopefully traffic noise will be at a minimum. But – whatever – we have earplugs for that.
I love Federico García Lorca’s poem “Romance Sonámbulo.” I have used it in Spanish IV class several times, but the students need a lot of scaffolding to understand it. I color code the poem so that the students can separate the narration and the dialog. I also have to give them quite a bit of vocabulary. I think I could do a better job with introducing the vocabulary before or while we read so they could get it in a contextualized way rather than my telling them in English what the words mean. I could still use this poem with the new IB format with the theme of Cultural Diversity.
Well, fear not kids! I'm helping you get what you want...more of me! No seriously, go check out my latest article up at The Indie Chicks right now and feel free to show me a little comment love pretty pretty please!
Duran Duran were huge in the early 80's and that is right when I was growing up and creating my own sens of self and my music. This was a good and bad thing in and of itself. I had always been image conscious and the New Romantics (or what we got to see of them on Australian regional TV) played right into my court. Simon and Nick seemed so cool in their puffy shirts and stylized pouts and shoulder waggling I had to like their music.
They defined "engagement" as actually doing something other than just "liking" a brand. People had to either share something from a Facebook page, or comment on something to be counted as "engaged."
This argument surely applies to local government and it would be regrettable were Mr Mackay's freeze to lead to our councils degenerating into a morass of the unemployed and unemployable especially as strong and wise leadership will be required to steer councils through the difficult times ahead.
Just as the week of insane storms finishes we get snow.
BECAUSE THE BITCH DIDN'T BRING THE COFFEE MAKER!!! She tortured us with promises of coffee, and then left us hanging....not even a note to let us know that she INTENDS to bring the pot next week/next month/next May, NOTHING.
The original idea was that visitors would be able to walk over and handle the sunflower seeds. This obviously prompted the question as to whether it was ok to take a sunflower? – Just as a souvenir, of course … After all there are 100 million of them…
This though did cross my mind at times in the past, I even tried to look up shows who had such programs – I wasn’t aware of the one my friend suggested because I never watched that channel. So when my friend brought up that program and other friends “liked” my Facebook status, I surfed to the website. I clicked on the submitting form…gazed at it for minutes…and closed it!
Brodsky, who chairs the committee that oversees public authorities, said Silver addressed the issue on his own, since he doesn't sit on the PACB--which oversees financing for certain state projects--as a legislator.
I’m not going to take for granted the culture.
Never take me at face value because my expressions change.
After a wander around, we called into a local store to pick up a few provisions ready for our evening meal of …………. Wait for it ………….. beans on toast and red wine.
Streets of London, Ralph McTell.
We believe the answer to “eternal security” is both “yes” and “no” (Romans 8:31-39; 11:19-22).
The incident was recalled similarly by five students, who gave their accounts independently of one another. Four of them — Friedemann, now a dentist; Phillip Maxwell, a lawyer; Thomas Buford, a retired prosecutor; and David Seed, a retired principal — spoke on the record. Another former student who witnessed the incident asked not to be named. The men have differing political affiliations, although they mostly lean Democratic. Buford volunteered for Barack Obama’s campaign in 2008. Seed, a registered independent, has served as a Republican county chairman in Michigan. All of them said that politics in no way colored their recollections.
I truly felt present and happy today. Not rushed or anxious but peaceful and grateful for this day with my daughter.
We have at last finished decorating our kitchen. It seems to have taken us about three weeks whereas the first time that we decorated it, we seemed to get it done in about three days. When you decorate some rooms you can shut the door on them at the end of the day and forget about them, but you can not do that with a kitchen. It became a drag having to be constantly removing the clutter from the kitchen so that we could get on with the painting. So I decided that I would concentrate on the decorating and then the much needed cleaning. I have now cleaned everything that can be seen which just leaves the inside of the cupboards and the ovens - grhh!
Songs : Kyuhyun – The Way to Break Up & Late Autumn
ISBN CD: 9781455869749 (Unabridged)
Alaska is an incredible book and I literally read it in a day. I couldn’t put it down. I wanted to keep reading. It is unique and tragically beautiful. I would highly recommend reading it.
Sub-category: Oh Wow You’re Setting Up For a Sequel
I’ve had worse deadlines. I could afford a long bath in our whirlpool tub and a good meal first.
CSI, or Crime Scene Investigation, is a popular police-drama TV show that takes place in Las Vegas, New York, and Miami.
In the above photo, you can see his “big bone”, a rope bone that is the only toy he plays with.
"Relax, Deanna!" Will says, "There is no need to get so tense about everything!"
I’m very nervous about the prospect of writing serial fiction, because I’ve never really done it before; or at least, certainly not to a set schedule, or with an overarching plot rather than a series of afterthoughts tacked on with increasing clumsiness. I’ve already harangued Lee Barnett (Week Ending for the BBC) and Kieron Gillen (Phonogram, Journey Into Mystery) about how best to divide up the plot and maintain a level of appropriate tension and release, and just about restrained myself from filling up the ask box on Neil Gaiman’s Tumblr with whiny entreaties for some kind of explanation as to how the hell one writes serially.
A. Kathir, Executive Director of ‘Evidence,’ a human rights organisation, expressed concern over the increasing number of honour killings in Tamil Nadu. He sought suitable compensation to Elango’s family. Enquiry by a fact-finding team revealed that the murder was a clear case of honour killing, Mr. Kathir added.
“Indeed,” Drahzen said, clearly not upset at all, “Now, I am aware that you will be very busy preparing your staff for tomorrow’s session, but I need you to do me a favor.” Lorovic frowned, and responded with a noncommittal grunt, which the Senator clearly took for agreement. “I’ve sent you a list of certain senators. It would be very beneficial for me if those senators were somehow barred from the Senate Hall tomorrow, even if only for a few hours. I’m sure that, as Director of Security, you would be able to come up with some way to keep them out, at least temporarily.”
I, for one, can no longer sit idly by, watching abuse heaped upon these poor stepchildren of the confectionary world. So I'm doing something about it.
The day came when Bob drove to Chicago to celebrate the grand opening of Johnson’s dream. Late that evening, Bob returned, filled with rage, confusion, dismay, disappointment and a little sorrow.
1 can (10 1/2 oz.) beef broth (bouillon)
c1 c3 c4
“It stings your feet?” I asked. “I haven’t seen street demonstrators leaping in the air when the police use CS gas.”
2. How would you spend today if you knew it was your last day to live?
* Make sure you are really ready for an agent. It takes time to hone this craft and it may take more than one appealing manuscript to attract an agent. Established agents represent career writers who have prolific potential.
“I have to get out of here,” Xu Guan breathed as he fought dizziness and nausea.
I continue to trust in the Lord Jesus Christ to guide and direct me. That is why any comments I make are always about my praying for the person posting, whether they are believers or not, WE all have special needs and God can make those needs His priority. We just need to walk next to Him.
Maybe, when this wedding is over and done with, I could begin a new career–I could become a wedding-planner and help other brides-to-be realize their dreams. Or maybe not.
Patsy Long, 34, of Deepwater, died after being shot in the chest with a .22-caliber handgun on Saturday. Her husband, Ronald Long, fired the shot from the inside of their home after several unsuccessful efforts to punch a hole through the exterior wall using other means.
I got tagged by my friend Corrine at Sparkle Day Studios (also known as Dos Fishes) with this kind of different meme. I decided to do it and pass it on. If you don’t feel like doing it, that is fine, but if you do, have fun and play !
Tennis star
So what’s the point of my trip down memory lane? Maybe I don’t have one. Or maybe I’m just reminding myself that the heat of debate usually has very little to do with the light of truth. I think that’s a good thing to reminder every now and again.
4. Now to cut your shapes for the tree itself. For this I used Fundamentals 1 cartridge and from the Flowers section I used image 4 together with the circle from the basic shapes on the left hand side tool bar. I cut the following sizes.
"If your child begins to show signs of watery stool, vomiting, liquid diarrhea or low grade fever please consider keeping them home for at least 24 hours..."
For the cover: take 1.5 cups wheat flour or maida/all purpose flour (your choice), 1/2 cup fine rava/sooji/cream of wheat, 2 tsp hot oil, pinch of salt.
This is the first post of my “State of the Race” series on competitive races in the state of Michigan. I am starting very purposefully with a race very close to my heart: Michigan’s First District. The “fightin’ first” as Stephen Colbert would say, is the largest district East of the Mississippi river, as seen below.
Sharad Mehra, Chief Operating Officer, Pearl Academy of Fashion said, “The fashion and design sector holds immense promise, more so for talented individuals equipped with the right skills-set. This is especially critical with the increasingly globalized economy and the discerning taste of younger consumers who have changed the landscape of the industry. Diffusion lines and high street fashion requires having a pulse on economic and fashion trends, and industry icons such as Angela Missoni can help our students and faculty, along with the other participants understand the nuances and growth areas of this sector”.
Snake print green scarf:: Thrifted
Face it — isn’t it better to hear the truth than to always wonder why?
Mills
As time went by, Mike and Mike became completely replaced by the Dan Patrick Show. On mornings when I chose not to be lazy and nap in front of the TV with M, I found myself choosing to do sedentary work on my laptop (in lieu of housework which requires movement) so that I could strategically place myself in view of the TV so as to not miss the Dan Patrick Show. But the day I can say I officially became a fan of Dan Patrick was when his show aired the morning following
I enjoy participating in Sally's challenges they are fun and push me to create. The objective of this challenge was to choose one color and create a monochromatic piece using that one color. The color I chose was Red. Why you ask? I do not have the slightest idea why I chose red, except to step away from my normal color choices, this is a challenge you know. Sally encouraged us to use the different shades of our color choice. Think about it if your piece was all of the same shade it would be a little flat and lifeless. I am also glad she gave us a whole month to think of an idea and gather supplies, because although I knew what I wanted to make it took me a little while to find the right components.
6/9 San Francisco, CA - Bottom of the Hill
Once you chain such a dog, it becomes dangerous to UNchain them, as I am here (but almost wasn't!) to attest...
Do you still play with dolls? I hope so!
For this week's sketch we'd like you to keep to the proportions of this drawing so that there is considerable white space remaining in the finished card.
This weekend was the second retreat. Friday night, we were sitting around telling stories. One lady was a total cat person. I tried to tell my tale in a way that would convey that while I don't agree with her lifestyle choice, it is hers to make and I know God doesn't hold it against her.
Direct. VI. One of the most important duties of a husband to his wife and a wife to her husband is to carefully, skillfully, and diligently help each other in the knowledge and worship, and obedience of God that they might be saved and grow in their Christian Life.
Sloppy, soupy, goodness that’s greeny and gloopy.
But that freedom comes with a price. And one facet of that price is that the individual citizen would have to participate, to man and woman up, to not delegate their responsibilities to unknown, faceless others. In a world in which even an invalid grandmother can spot targets out her farmhouse window and call for fire, the typical sandal-wearing 911-dialing man-mouse would become an endangered species. And civilization would thus lurch forward for the better as it crunches over the bones of those who gladly trade liberty for insecurity. Including those bones of those nobly misguided patriots who fear the prospect of local or regional warlords (read as “militia leaders”) so much that they eagerly not only accept, but actively promote, the yoke of the greatest warlord class in history in exchange for protection from those lesser shadows.
I just wanted to put that out there because she is truly amazing and that just made my whole month.
Last month I was planning to buy new pair of jeans. Most of my pants are skinny jeans and cargo pants. I only have a pair of straight cut jeans.
Paper: Rich Razzleberry, Whisper White
Yup, still stuck on 90's melodic Swedish black/death. I know I did it to death (no pun intended) last week, shoving a full nine albums down your throat just a few days ago, but the hits just keep on coming....
Okay... this is the thing... I would rather have a tiny box of Godiva chocolates than a big box of something else.
I'm such a tease! Stay tuned.
LAUREN KATE is the internationally bestselling author of The Betrayal of Natalie Hargrove and the Fallen novels: Fallen, Torment, Passion, and Rapture. Her books have been translated into more than thirty languages.
Now a first crescent is exciting, with its promise of things to come. But best for me is a moon at first or third quarter. With the sun's light sweeping across the face, the craters and mountains shed long shadows and the edges are accentuated. That's the time to grab your bins and point them skywards. It's a time of dark rumours and fuzzy borders, not just the happy, smiling man in the moon - and yet a time of definition and clarity. That's what the moon is for. To remind us that life is mysterious, and some truth can only be found in shadows.
Race bib: With the rest of my stuff. I like to pin it on at the last minute, just in case I've changed my shirt a few times...
Hello again! I'm catching up on all y'all's blogs and stuff. I haven't disappeared again.
Between 2001 and 2007 in his garden near Cambridge, England, Majerus collected both black and white Biston moths in the proportions that were flying in his area (most of these were typica). He put each moth in a mesh sleeve on a tree, allowing it to settle in its preferred resting places at night (which is what they do in the wild), and then removed the sleeves before dawn. Since moths don’t fly during the day, any moth that disappeared by four hours after dawn was presumed to have been eaten (26% of these moths were actually seen being eaten by birds). This was supplemented by Majerus climbing up trees and finding out where uncaptured moths normally rest.
future new, greatly expanded master shower
I have seen people I know along with strangers come together in love and compassion to help the less fortunate this Christmas season. My heart leapt for joy every time I saw a new donation for the homeless and needy children. That is truly a gift; a compassion flowing forth to those who need help, need love spread all over them, need the touch of Christ from another fellow human being. May this keep going on month after month.
Lizo Mzimba: Very sad news that Elisabeth Sladen has died.
--The Maids Home Services
Sunday was a small bridal expo down the Cape with my cousin Kristin and our friend. Then some delicious Mexican food for lunch! The mansion that housed the bridal expo was absolutely GORGEOUS! I wish that we had been able to poke around more. I also wish that the valet hadn't scared the bejeepers out of me - making me forget my phone in the car. So, no pictures. :-( However, getting to spend some quality time with two of my favorite people totally made up for it!
After a whole month I finished the last book in the Outlander Series. I wanted to read all the time, but with work being busy I was only getting to read at night. Most of you already know, but this is my all time most favorite series EVER! This is book 7 and the author is currently working on Book 8 (there are also hints that there might be a book 9 even) This book finds Jamie and Claire headed back to Scotland to get Jamie's printing press, but they get a little side tracked and end up smack dab in the middle of the American Revolution. Bree and Roger are back in their own time, but strugling to fit in as well as some major cliff hangers for them at the end of this book. Sweet Young Ian has found Love and I look forward to see where his story goes in book 8.
The fact that the Board has, as a matter of rule, passed every budget that has been presented to it with little or no depth of inquiry is inconsequential.
-Taking time for ourselves
To : Eric Schmidt, Larry Page, Sergey Brin and the rest of Google management and staff
Rick Santorum.
They are all going for different jobs, so they're not in competition. But if they were going for the same job and you were choosing who to interview, which one would you choose and why? Assuming you would have to make conversation with them if you employed them. Bear in mind that Elizabeth either doesn't have any friends or family or if she does she chooses not to see them. But she is very fit.
Nowadays, of course, I am learning about the modern things, and still I am helping the darker people in the family. My brother you know is a bit dark, and his daughter also (not like my family). So, for her 12th birthday, I am getting her Fairever cream. Why, means, we all want her to become doctor (we are not having doctor in our family, such a shame). And I saw on TV, this story. One number innocent school girl, she is very troubled on behalf of villagers because there is no hospital for them. She thinks, I will become doctor and save the lives. But what to do, she is dark, so she cannot study well (I think you will also be empathising this situation.) But soon, she finds Fairever cream. Then itself her IQ is doubling, and she is getting admission in medical school. She returns to village as doctor. The villagers are all dark and they are all thinking like “Shabbah! If she is so fair, how good doctor she must be!” Best part about this ad is in ending, a little brown village girl finds the Fairever tube. See how beautifully it is conveyed. Like this only India will progress.
In my classroom we comment on the stories we hear. The writer chooses three classmates to share something they liked about their story. Additionally, they choose three more classmates who have questions about their story. The questions often help with the revision process. They remind the writer of details that need to be addressed in their story. It's similar to what happens during the Slice of Life Story challenge. The process motivates, encourages, and provides ideas for future writing.
I hope you all had a gorgeous Christmas with your loved ones and received many brilliant book shaped packages and other pressies.
"And then they grow up and cannot deal with a world that requires a degree of organization. They cannot hold a job where they need to do specific tasks at specific times. We wonder why the U S falls further and further behind in math, science, etc. while we champion goofy ideas like this"
I am beginning to wondering if I am starting to become one of those philosopher types that are only speaking, writing and teaching and preaching instead of taking action. I sometimes think those guys just banged their head a bit too much and couldn’t gather their thoughts anymore.
Students will be gradually introduced to food that is less processed.
-Taken from Goodreads.com
- Side laces to change the shape of the bag
7/10- Very good, would defiantly recommend
worship. We have a program at our churches, but at any time and in any
# NOTE: It is common for you to see errors when the script is looking for “failure audit”
Check out the inspiration photo for this challenge...
Rice-
I asked colleagues at school if they have ever heard of or used Zotero before, none of them had. I was a little surprised by some of the responses I received and the lack of interest. I suppose that the lack of interest is because the teachers cannot use it in their classrooms because of the strict guidelines that the Department of Defense schools must adhere to as we ultimately connect to DOD servers and the only browser authorized on the computers is Internet Explorer; it would take an act of Congress to make the changes.
The same could be said for what happens to the attackers when Hills catches up with them. The methods used to hasten their demise are graphic and disgusting although there are some darkly humorous elements of poetic justice.
”Happily, the legislature now supports two scorers, with greater differentiation using half-point differences. I think a cut score for the 2012 test at 3.5 is a fair reflection of our students’ abilities, and I’ll probably support the Commissioner’s recommendation.”
94No craving void left aching in the breast:
I am grateful that other kids want me around, too.
How fabulous would these be for bridal portraits?! I'm imagining a bride sitting in these crazy gorgeous VBCs with her groom by her side:
Based on conversations over the years with reader and writer friends, I'd say a big "yes" to that. Friends who recommend books to me will say, "She's too stupid to live, but he's gorgeous". And so, they're reading the book for the hero.
It was performance art that would make Damien Hirst’s shark in formaldehyde seem like a John Constable painting and Tracey Emin’s unmade bed seem like a perfectly normal idea.
This morning I stepped out onto the patio before waking up Ladybug for school. Jed left for some lucky place in Georgia early this morning and it was particularly quiet for seven am around here. I even left the dogs in their bed (and my bed) while I snapped this shot of the backyard.
I could go on and on... but now that you have grasped what I'm hinting at, let's ask the question:
Janice is also worried about a meeting she has next Monday with a bunch of suits (school officials) regarding Tommy’s schooling. She’s afraid they are going to tell her that Tommy is no longer welcome at his school. I have to say that I suspect the same thing. His outbursts and behavioral issues are disrupting the entire class and he needs one-on-one supervision… sometimes even that is not enough. It’s not fair to the other kids or to the teachers. We understand that. But where will that leave Tommy? Or Janice’s job as a Paraprofessional for kids much like Tommy?
Seasonals: Brass Knuckles Oatmeal Stout, Black Mystic Java Stout, Beastie Barrel Porter, Beastie Barrel Stout, Oak Aged Barfly IPA, Count Hopula IPA
What I am most excited about is the opportunity to work with others in my church family to bring together some of the activities already happening. We have teams in a local softball league, we have golfers, we've had a bowling league, we have a cycling group that used to be active and is coming back to fruition, we have Zumba every other week, we have a weekly Bible study type group that focuses on taking care of this body and this life to the best of our ability. If we can bring it all under one umbrella and not have our voices scattered in different places, we will reach further than before!
As the hour wore on, I was surprised at both my ability to keep the conversation going and in my personal openness. Jack was sweet, kind, and polite. He had this charming way of being both boyish and gentlemanly. At the end of the night, I walked Jack to my building’s front door. “What are you up to this week?” he inquired. “Working, volunteering, and I’m going to a bunch of concerts. Radiohead and Andrew Bird.” His eyes lit up with excitement. “I’ve been trying to see Radiohead for years! I’m so jealous!” I laughed and told him I would let him know how it was. I hugged him goodnight, unsure if he, or I, was interested in more than just that.
Two little words with such BIG meaning! Not CANCER! Cirrhosis – yes; Portal hypertension – yes; Enlarged spleen - yes; Cancer – NO!
I ate the soup anyway. DC and I both thought it was terrific. Two thumbs up! I just need to be sure to get sugar-free broth next time.
This week’s Army Wives was absolutely amazing! The drama is just getting better between Claudia Joy and Jackie! This week, Roxy is put under even more stress to be a good officer’s wife when the FRG leader quits and storms out of a meeting and Denise makes the suggestion that Roxy should become the leader because it will make her more respected with the other wifes.
Mick Foley says he saw what happened, but he had to see it through the replay because one shot took him out. He is a part of EV2.0, but there will be vengeance. The question is does he wait until he is cleared by the doctor in a few weeks, or will he do the “stupid” thing and fight the fight now? Regardless, he will side with Tommy.
I splash some Chilean wine
As a result of all this some might now be watching Guido instead of Hague and if so I'd say that that's Guido's only real fuck up. There's a good reason the teller shouldn't become bigger than story, but did the teller intend that? Only Guido can answer that honestly but if each blogger is responsible for nothing beyond what they themselves write then it's hard to credit Guido with becoming bigger than the story when it's actually the rest of us writing about Guido who've achieved that. And here I am writing half a dozen paragraphs about Guido bloody Fawkes instead of William Hague's decision to pour taxpayer's money into the pockets of someone whose main qualification to be a SpAd seems to be that he has a driving licence.
We represent most of our clients on a contingent fee. That means we do not get paid for our work until we get results for you. Of course, other arrangements are possible, depending on your case. Just ask to find out more.
7. I resolved to perform more random acts of kindness, because it will make me happy.
In London, white children now account for only 20%, and I’ll say that again, only 20% of the school population. And England’s other city schools are going precisely the same way in precisely the same manner. The non-indigenous birth rate now averages an extraordinary 35% nationally, which realistically means 70-80% in the cities alone, thus consigning indigenous English children in Birmingham, Bradford, Oldham, Luton, Leicester and Slough to an ethnic minority in their own land - a fate awaiting English children in all our cities within a decade, and the entire country before 2030.
That's existing.
Cach's writing style pulled me deep into the story with its vivid descriptions and beautiful, smooth-flowing prose. I thought she did an expert job setting the mood and atmosphere for each scene entered into. However, there were a couple of times when it seemed that the details were done a little too meticulously, causing the writing to slightly slow in a few parts. There was also a minor over usage of exclamation points. However, both of these things may have been adjusted in the final copies and I thought that, overall, Cach had a gorgeous writing style.
level
Saurel-Cubizolles MJ, Kaminski M. Work in pregnancy: its evolving relationship with perinatal outcome (A review). Soc Sci Med 1986; 22: 431-442.
Islamic swimsuits are EXPENSIVE. At least to frugal ol' me. Any piece of clothing I purchase is within the $5-$30 range with very few exceptions for special occasions or outerwear (coats). I had a bikini back in high school that actually cost $80. My mom bought it for me for Easter though. Even she was upset with the cost but it was literally the only one that fit me right and covered enough for us both (me and my mother) to be comfortable. After that experience, bikini buying fell to me, and I probably never spent over $40 myself.
Like you, I read the trades and insider blogs. I see the stories about an industry in chaos, its people on the take. And I think to myself: lucky me, I don’t view it that way. Advertising has rough seas. What business doesn’t? But if you are on a good boat with sound crew and deft leadership it’s an adventure. I feel that way and it changes everything: my demeanor, my heart and even my soul. Work is life and that is the carrot.
"Whatever the racial composition of your family, we are all living in a highly racialized society. Parenting amidst a growing pretense of post-racialism poses new challenges that require new consciousness and skills.
I am traveling to a special wedding next week...celebrating the union of two people...my sister is getting hitched. In joining her, I am joining lots of family I have never met. I will be a part of her big day, which means so much.
Today this year’s Laureates in Physics, Medicine and Economics begin to arrive in Stockholm to experience a celebration of their achievements like no other.
2 cups sliced onion
on lollipops and ice-cream
She lives just around the corner from us!
So next week, we’ll have a winner! Who do you think it’ll be?
While Google is a great resource don't forget about the salespeople who know their business inside and out. They will know everything from where to find what you're looking for to whether or not it's even available. So call or email local stores that sell related or similar items and ask them if they have, can get or know where you can get whatever it is you're looking for.
Review Mojo
Burridge went down fighting at home to White Horse on Saturday afternoon. Unfortunately, it was done amongst themselves.
Mon-Fri July 16-20
grew rich by her wealth!'
Kung Fu Panda 2
reflecting chic southern elegance would fit the bill.
Someone is trying to tell me something.
Life is Long--David Byrne and Brian Eno
Today? Not so much. My new stereotypical view of New York City is that it’s full of rich people and no one is allowed to show art that is in any way made of cow dung. Mutant Turtles would stand no chance here.
9:45 AM update – Yes, we were out in this craziness… Luke is scared out of his furry pants… By the way if any brave soul wants to help me pull weeds at the Old Baldwin trailhead I’ll be down there at 9:30 AM tomorrow (Saturday). Bring gloves.
Release Date: May 1, 2009
My plan with this whole blogging business was to wow you all with my intelligence and well-reasoned arguments so the occasional nonsensical Tweets about “OMG NEEDS MOAR CASTIEL” would get a pass between my thoughtful questions about aid to Pakistan.
Conan O'Brien's social media experience illustrates one of the most successful uses of social marketing by a celebrity in connecting with their audience.
Today my "picky" thoughts are running wild after listening to a broadcast on foster care. My sister and her husband, after having two children of their own, made the decision to take babies into their home through foster care. A noble thing to do. In essence, they are "picking" children who may feel "unpicked". Each child is brought into their home and cared for and loved as their own. They are given the very best and an abundance of love! The message overflowing in their home is, "You are worth it! You are chosen! You are picked! You are not disconnected or separated. You are part of us."
pop up Shoppe
What dangers face them in the sky, where far from earth they might not rest,
“Hail Mary” – Tupac Shakur
50g/2oz butter
In measuring, the topic of volume is moved to third grade in accordance to Common Core Standards. The topics in 2nd grade include inches, half-inches, centimeters, feet, miles, meters, kilometers, and weight in pounds and in kilograms. Compared to the earlier edition, I have added line plots, exercises about measuring objects both in inches and in centimeters, estimating lengths, and finding how much longer one thing is than another.
Access to basic essential services: In South Africa, we joke about state hospitals. We joke about the nursing staff being really sucky, and we jest about the quality of public medical care. The simple fact is that all of the good doctors and nurses are overseas, where they are appreciated (with salaries) and put in environments that are clean, healthy and safe. My daughter was born on the British National Health Service. While it was amusing at times, the facilities in the public hospitals are world-class, the doctors are well paid and sourced from around the world. My wife’s pregnancy and my daughter’s subsequent birth cost not a cent. In fact, each time we went to the hospital for a check-up, we were offered a refund on our transport costs. When my daughter was born, the local government put £250 in trust for her to use when she’s 16. When my children get sick, the local GP will treat them, or even make a house call. No charge. Medicine is free for them. No matter what. In fact, medicine is free for EVERYONE in Britain, although you may have to pay a surplus ‘prescription fee‘ which is never more than £7.50 per prescription. Kids under 16 are waived from this fee, as are the disabled, retired and unemployed. Regardless of the condition, the medicine is available, and the government’s health service provides it.
Re-watch Value: (3/10) – If you liked Clash, or enjoy Greek mythology movies in general, you may want to add Wrath to your DVD collection, but beyond that, the movie is so forgettable that there’s really no reason to ever pick it up again, nor is there left any kind of promise for a would-be third Titans film that has apparently entered the writing stages.
Descartes abjures the project of understanding what the world or organisms are in themselves. Instead, he proposes to understand them externally, by transferring our knowledge of mechanical devices as hypothetical stand-ins. Having made the metaphorical substitution of machine for world or organism, however, Descartes is also able to substitute a pragmatic view of the aims of inquiry for a theoretical one: since there is a surplus of possible mechanical constructions which could be made to stand in for any natural entity, the choice between them is made on the ground of what works best (and if the model works better than its natural counterpart, then it a truer example of the original function than what is in nature). (68-70)
Even after things calmed down, I was never comfortable. I was still the outcast, in my own group of friends.
Lord help us.
I am not as eloquent as Mr. Hemingway, so I will only second his statement...
O O O O that Shakespeherian Rag -
I saw these two posters on pinterest. One was funny and the other sweet. You decide which is which.
And is really in need.
without ever—
for Patsy with drawings by Bonnard although I do
Boy: Ok. Well le't see if this is it. OK. Scans some things. Asks for the number again. Finally is convinced that this is the right item, right price. OK. OK. I can issue you a store credit. I can't give you cash.
When I drink from a tea bowl from 1780 or sit on a chair made in 1850, I’m intimately connected to history. I’m a part of it — as we all are — but attaching myself, physically and emotionally, only to the shiny and new, is too seductive. It de facto erases the past; an “old” cellphone may be barely six months past its date of production.
And you’re crumbling on your own
People say that they have rough mornings. Best cure: thechive.com
Always be positive. Don't let negative people hold you back from your dreams.
add avery to the hanson sightings.
yes please! DM me and let's hit up downtown tomorrow during the day hopefully it won't rain
I usually go to bed around 4am every night, but tonight I'm going to bed at 11pm:)
Gov. #Jindal announces Nalco Co. will build dry polymer facility at its Garyville plant, creating 22 new jobs, retaining 235 existing jobs
Yeah lot of folks don't know I'm a sound guy & got to play with the toys the double 'Lexicons'
That's from Sesame Street, right?
Give Siamese Basil in E'nitas a try. Not mind-blowing, but solidly good.
Yes so do I I'll tell ya what happen tomorrow when I get home ma homee <3 I goin to beach 2morraw
Ack! Sorry I didn't respond, I didn't check Twitter until later in the evening. I hope you made it anyway.
Evacuate never!!
Okay thanks!
RT : YES!! says build the product that YOU want to use. That's what we did & it makes all the difference!...
Mahalo for the tweet!!! Ono is a under statement!!!
Lake Forest. Flying along nicely. I've got my inhaler for when I get out of here. :-)
Time to take some drugs and go to sleep. This day can kiss my ass.
Evan Turner! But lotta basketball left.
1st order of business when back in the States, Spanish classes. Second, salsa lessons. Sorry Persian and flamenco, u have to wait for now.
Coming along! We're hoping a new look for the new year. Hope u r well!
Absolutely correct
I love that movie.
I cant wait to see you and the guys in concert on May 25th in NJ!! You guys really inspire me... I <3 U... plz follow... RT :)
I Know Who Killed Me
Quote of the day: "Your day may have gone good, but it could always end bad."
:o Susie with nothing to say!??! #itsamiracle :p
Panel 2: Yemen, Syria, & the Gulf States with discussant Joost Hiltermann
you better snap out of it.
great performance tonight!
Tasted good though! His mom made tea sandwiches, best man & maid of honor rolled stuffed grape leaves. I warned guests just appetizers &cake
#Quote Every calling is great when greatly pursued. Oliver Wendell Holmes Album Available A.N.D.
You're awesome TMoney!
Despite rejection, plan B might actually be better for me this summer. Funny how by not working out it all works out.
aw, thanks love!
Chicago, is the most amazing city EVER! I LOVE it here!
Studying for General Contractors Exam #princessconcasco <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00A7><U+26A0>
that's a good thing cause we love making music that you love listening to! Thank you for being open enough to lend your ear :)
RT : Road Trip #Taos, #NM: ..the journey of self-transformation that you can unearth off the beaten path.....
Finally got my #pinterest invite!!!!!
Let's go Tebow!
no better place to practice your dance moves than Top Notch Bboy battle, today at Atlas Theatre H St
Digitization for Access: does serve the "specialized researcher" and the "simply curious"?
think we missed out on coffee. When you wanna get together?
She ain't all that tell Tha bitch fall back
Just smooth...but it's extra creamy. Pls tell me you're going to come try it! Last day is Sunday.
I want to see the ring!
Buenos dias. Enjoy your day
Got a speedy street? Let me know. #speedbusters segments is coming up on its 4th anniversary!
damn now I wanna watch the movie just to see his cara <3 lol
I feel so sick today
board plz someone tweet me
HEALTH: Kick the sugar habit.
NO birthday weekend. :(
I think it's time for me to take an East Coast club tour. NYC Nightlife is dragging a bit lately.
Lesson for today: helping an ornery 7th-grader with math homework makes for one bleary-eyed writer the next day.
I have PSTD from being sexually assaulted by a neighbor, who was also part of theFox Island child porn ring. I finally spoke 2 yrs
Are you guys surprised that the GSP fight was boring? Cuz really, when was the last time he had a KO/submission? This is the way he is
O or Goth drama. I was a part of but not a part of aka I wasn't even there) People are morons J
Who isn't fascinated by ?
[I had no desire whatsoever to watch the #goldenglobes -Mais DUJARDIN!!!!!!!!]
That new jj song definitely samples a Charles Manson parole hearing.
still haven't gotten out of bed...
We will be at the #NRASHOW on #cincodemayo 4571 with see you all soon.
can someone explain to me WHY people use auto responders? They are completely impersonal - I unfollow people when i get them.
Oh nice! what part of new york are you from?
Follow youre dreams. did and look where it got him :)
“Remember, Remember…”
Feedback 4rm the team said the PG spot played really good. But I'm never satisfied with that position. We have a lot 2 work on @ that spot.
look forward to Raw in my hometoen of Portland, OR next week! :-)
Did that beer taste funny or what?
I agree to all of those.
Thank you for the mention. Have a great weekend. :-)
Someone did!
Wikipedia isn't only an encyclopedia, but its shown to have less errors than most other encyclopedias.
circuit night?
perhaps we were in the same traffic jam. Sheesh, that was a cosmic bust of a night. Happy belated birthday, Sean!
Eli was hilarious last night!
Situation appears to be resolved. Baker Act made woman aggressive, she was armed so there was a SWAT standoff.
Boesch, Dirks, and now Prince with HRs today.
well it looks like justin got un-blocked from the TT's
Everyone is just comfortable with who remains in the subclass.
I dunno...9 months pregnant + donuts could be dangerous! LOL
I guess that was sort of the Memento version of the day. Sans Joey Pants. Now... Where's the gin?
Still homeless... lol
So my Disney countdown started at 190 days and now we are down to 109. This is going a lot faster than I imagine.
Muh new #twitterbackground is so LEGIT. gotta love GUMMY BEARS <3
in such ah fuckin bad mood. !
Inner Jammed approaching VA-7 with a stall in the right lane
Those are SWEET!
Sorry, won't listen to anything #Gergen says on #hcr, he talked over Louise Slaughter on CNN. The POTUS heard Rep Slaughter, he didn't
RT : Shout out 2 my new follower [TYVM! Go Brooklyn! Got it goin there JohnnieFloss!]
Hows it going everybody?
My new single "Life Not Typical" was on the "Most Added" list on the Billboard chart this week - say yea with me!
Its sad my grannie get more love than I do at MY JOB. Smh lol
Need.New.Joke.
What God has established will be! Your heart must be prepared for the bridges He will burn for you. Growth requires destruction of the old!
Whew!!! Finally a break from meetings! Nap time???
can we bring it on here ;D lmao
Well done on the bench press today my friend, but not surprising!
RT : Good pussy will always make a niggah cum quick #fact, dats why u gottah do a round 2 fa dat ass!RT HE'LL YEA SO True
Thanks to for organizing a great #drupal event in #hawaii! Maybe on Molokai next time ;)
Damn, deserved that...there's still many more to come tho! Next year homie, next year for sure!
I DON'T HAVE TO SHAVE!
that's awesome! pricing is very good in the cauldron
I don't get it! Crazytalk!
Hey im Susie&i music is my passion&always have been&i just want a chance2show u guys&the world i got music in me pls?
#FridayReads Somewhere Off the Coast of Maine, Ann Hood; also recommend her newer one, The Red Thread
.... Wouldn't the surrogate's genes come into play also?
The key to keeping your woman happy= attention, affection, treat her like a queen and sex her like a pornstar!
starts at 8!
If you liked yesterday weather wise, you're going to love today. More of the same on the way. Change is in the air.
im bout to punch this bitch in the teeth. i need a drink.
“ - I know it's none of my business but are you and Bryant back together. ?
nice eyebrows, hoe.
Take your time; Knicks are down 11 ar the half.
the stupid page (in this day and age) needs flash, which is why we see a blank page.
stop that! You ain't no good! Lol
idle hands imperil ipa now pouring.
Whoa...be still my heart. Lots of werkin it out there...hott.
I'm already at 5%
BREAKING: com feature "Pie Head (A Kinda' True Story)" Official Selection for the INTL FAM FILM FEST (Raleigh Studios, 3/23). more soon
Working on our new website!
Fashion is architecture. It is a matter of proportions. Coco Chanel
but it's Monday!
Just got home from #LeftForum. Much love to , and for hanging with me and all weekend. <3
Absolutely essential to take a day off from time to time.
Re. systems: We don't have to stick w/ something just bc it's always been there.
I feel your pain ;-)
Blog Break cancelled for tomorrow. Ashley is ill. We will let you know a rescheduled date. So sorry.
You can now register with using your Facebook, Google+, Twitter and Yahoo credentials. Great job, team!
That is dreadful. Long before caller ID I could tell if the person new me by ow my name was pronounced.
great description.
Can't make it. Too much to do, too behind. But hopefully will see you in Cleveland!
When folks say "Springs" does that include Manitou? Or are they referring just to Co Springs?
Yay!!!!!!! Go Adele! You so deserve this :D
dj its "lying" not lieing learn to spell
Damn! #smh RT : i was gonna say. PF spot. i hear more may be dropping
Spotting a cheerleader trying to do a flip, she punched me in my face and my tooth went through my lip
When I did- I would compare it 2 ripping the Devil's claws right out of u... Continued next tweet
hey!!;) mind following me back please??:D
people have done worse for love.
looks and sound delish! Did you make up the dish or is it from a recipe?
Thanks for the follow!
Film director James Cameron returns to the surface after becoming the first person in 50 years to reach the deep..
lol! Yep I go all Larry David every now and then! x
Should've went to that party.
hungry & tired
Somebody tell that he's too small to be starting fights with the #Bears. Don't blame for your TAINTs.
Patrick i love your quotes you tweet there really inspiring and true(: it makes my day(:
I just want to take a break from worrying about grades and money and just make some music and art. Is that too much to ask for?
Finally off to sleep..... Wk in the a.m....Goodnite tweeters....
the waitress had to call manager so he could tell us we had to order more food or leave? She couldve told us herself
Chicago Cubs championship history
Leaving tomorrow. So ready to get the hell out of Memphis
Got the perfect song for a mv(:
What you call the most intense, muscle-swelling workout you've ever seen I call Monday.
Glad I had my coffee!
where at??!
aw he looks like a little rascal! So cute. Does he like Titan?
Rick Perry is going back to Texas to reassess what he thought God asked him to do.
RT if you believe me :)
Chris Stires' REBEL NATION. Backlist due for new edition next year, so I'm looking for blurbs in my other incarnation. LOL
thanks! Just landed, had a nice flight.....hope it stops raining 4 you! Where in Alabama are you going 2 be?
She's "hiking the Appachian" trail
Shout Out To All My New Followers. #FAT. ( Follow Anytime )
I must be scary. Only free seat on bus is next to me & some woman prefers to stand.
Im missing kathy already
niggas say i'm too dope, i aint sellin it. .. <3 me some tyga c;
Lunch meeting with Senator Max Baucus from Montana. Joining my dad for political networking.
don't wink at me. You tease...
is it me or did he seem like he was in a bad mood today?
Better get the rain out of your system, sky. I have the weekend off and plan to enjoy it all!
#cfaleadercast #Leadership "if you want to be cool, don't be a leader." Pat Lencioni
i am trying my best to make a show on Saturday.
Thinking of applying to UCLA and CU for next fall :)
Yo EVERYONE CHECK OUT MY YOUTUBE SERIES-FAST TIMES WITH MJR THEY ARE PRETY FUNNY AND I MAKE NEW ONES EVERYDAY SO ENJOY THEM
I found a site for you. I put it on diigo. Wasn't sure how to get it here!
Meg and I are heading to LA this summer -- I'm joining the faculty at USC. Go Trojans! (Except when they're playing UT.)
I wish I could figure out what freaking program is posting to my twitter account, I have never posted get rich quick schemes...hmm
That's a 20F difference from 90 miles south.
Dang your really closed mined !!!
Great #pcbw night tonight! Featured TRASH homebrewers and delicious creations from ,
Looks great Craig!
Thank you for all your support and leadership with Stamp Out Hunger, Scott!
congrats!!! When is the next interview?
Best of luck and please do (win one).
Now that its offical about my new gig at The Place, I need to get the bar some more followers here on Twitter. Please follow
Thanks Jeff!
And physics = math.
Being 30 really makes the #reality of not having fulfilled my #dreams yet (or even made a dent in them) #HAUNT me.
RT“ big lips coupled with big titties #winning”
check out that first word I just played. Boss! Lol
You're welcome!
Thanks to everyone who came to the Marcy Playground show! You guys are the best!
Katniss Everdeen's Leather Hunting Boots Can Now Be Yours! - Ology
still feeling great, just wanna fight already!!!
PhillyTweeps: Check out the Drexel University Farmer's Market Every Tuesday 11am-3pm 33rd & Market Streets at the Dragon Statue!
has a sick style at graffiti!! too dope dude
if its like last year, it'll probably be
#Weights this morning and a 1-hour #spinclass tonight.
prepping to watch tonight... Just not sure if I can take Lavinia right now.
Our St. Patrick's Day showcase is around the corner. $5 cover, 6 acts, and plenty of good times! plectrumentertainment.com for more info
IPhone 4's and life on tour, 5 racks for a show what's the price on yours~
Love SXSW!!! You should come out to Warehouse Live tonight we are bringing the most played artist (18) from SXSW Cody Jasper!
back in Philly.
Have any questions about a smog give us a tweet and we will be glad to assist :)
being a smart ass:)
Jones already made the biggest post-season special teams play of the #ravens 2011 season ... as a
when are you coming back in chicago i want too see you and austin again it s was so much fun :D
hey thanks for the follow and your really cute :)
Unions killed Detroit, and now California is going to go bankrupt to save your asses. Yeah! Awesome! It makes such sense!
It was nice to join you and the family for dinner... Thanks for the great dinner. XO=]
love your work
omg. Really?! Wow.
O live for the hulk
Love to share more about the biz if you direct message us ur contact info tho. Maybe you'd like an invite to our opening party?
Couldn't find any info on your website about seattle. Will you be in PDX at all? please respond.
When I look at your heavens, the work of your fingers,... what is man that you are mindful of him, and the son of man that you care for him?
It's getting there. We're dealing with a fair bit of legacy code.... thankfully all backend.... no lousy HTML.
I miss South Beach
It's one of the perks of having sinus surgery -- monthly cleanings. I like to think of the strings as a reminder to floss.
well im glad. Lol saw ur name and couldnt help singing all off key like the show!
eat a handful of your own poop?
Gilead Wins Business Innovation award for technology
#thatawkwardmomentwhen your having a conversation with someone and they walk away and your left talking to yourself.
Somewhere, a smart Lasik surgeon has an office full of brochures that are all slightly out of focus."
Cool site.
Its only 8:50 am and I already need a drink
best story i've heard all day! Hahahaha
Can't wait to see Adele perform
I definitely regret not being there.
Things on our mind: Tim Tebow; March Madness; 'Hunger Games,' and things in general that make us Hungry (*wink*)....oh, and this AMAZING SUN
I think I might return to Facebook tomorrow.
why y'all conversatin bout me?
#HighSchoolMemories Graduation day... That was the end of waking up early to use the brain. Thank god!!! I don't miss school.
I would hate to look in the mirror all the time & see you.
how the hell does Color of Money not get 4 stars?
PreShow name coming soon.....
separately, but equal, I'm sure.
Big brotha u have to let the Treme writers know that they must mention the passing of Tim Smooth & Tre-8 in seas 3. GOD bless
About to interview bassist Paul West for the Harlem Speaks series of the National Jazz Museum in Harlem.
Was this your first time?
I still can't believe it. So sad right now. R.I.P.
I've learned the hard way you can never trust a woman with to many male "friends".. cause when you not around you just another friend
#hm is a hash tag that really doesn't make sense
Whoa! This is all sex. I think #Growth is porn.
I've read one chapter and I'm already terrified by the book club book, Good News Club by Katherine Stewart.
Lots of awesome stuff happening in April. One is the on April 14th hey tell us about some of the obstacles.
like wtf ? Seriously -.- GROW UP !
Doing the unthinkable..Watching highlights from Super Bowl 42..Reminding myself why I want this game so much..
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Spring break is coming up I wonder how many will be on Maury because of their drunkin actions. Like rambo stay strapped up..
Back from the final four.
is nice- why on earth does everyone think thats flirting?! thats a totally different level. be real people!!
I wish I could see again. Went to my first show with He knows what I'm talkin about.
My mom is telling us how she picked our names x)
Skintastic ...results you can count on for hair removal, facial rejuvenation, Smart liposuction, Quicklift & more 972-620-3223
ok i'll meet you in between 12 and 12:30 and i hope you have your charger lol
It’s Prix Fixe Tuesday! Enjoy a 3-course dinner for just $18.95 per guest! How can you pass that up?!
How much weight has Mr. Met gained?
Yeah it's at my grandma's
In Sicily, women are more dangerous than shotguns. ~ Fabrizio (Angelo Infanti), 'The Godfather'
One of my accounts is for Dad's HOF campaign. This is my personal acct, where I can cuss and rant :) JUST KIDDING
ah yeah i cant believe u didnt kno that!!
driving up Downtown Miami, starting a SUPER weekend
Did 2 hours yesterday. Takes about 5 seconds to flip back and forth. Got the arm a year ago, but just got around to the cabinet.
The #Spurs are the best, most exciting team nobody knows about.
That shower felt too good <U+E13F>
Find me 1 person on Earth who is impressed, inspired, or actually believes the Taco Bell commercial where the guy drives 900 mi for chalupas
In Ft. Wayne with to support our guys & Good day of basketball ahead.
Bring in Triple H, it would be more entertaining
Feeling adventurous? 4.2.0 beta is out! Tons of new features. I'm updating the docs now. Please let me know of any issues on github.
Any word on an amnesty clause with the current agreement?
The lucky few have been emailing us about the nano for months!! Looks like people are hungry for a waterproof nano
maybe, maybe not c;
Thats y I dont fuck with to many niggas.... They want to be fake......
Thx so much; I'll pass these to stdnts. You made some converts today. Stay tuned for dissertations in 4yrs or so.
Go Lobos. I root for the Lobos because is just one more corrupt New Mexican I have in my pocket.
God bless Based God.
Hey, what are you guys up to this morning?
because you liked him you cared for him we all wonder why we ever talked to somebody it's weird
i know :) we don't live far <U+2665>
it is going to be a up and down with the weather this week here
I gotta hold of him but I forgot he has to work
I think I remember seeing something up on Social Text about BSG
It seemed like every inspection was just preparation for the next inspection. The field/humping the radio was almost a break
I have no idea. I haven't been there either.
not sure.. What her name was
it's not how I define him. it's a fact and an observation of those facts. The historical evidence agrees with me.
I have one <3
#2011icf Watch out... and are at the same table in the BrandYou session. ;-)
we have an event with Sara Levine on 4/10. Info will be up on our site by the end of the week. Hope to see you there.
Why are walsh classrooms so frickin hot?
I just emptied out the entire loft! I'm so beat! Can I go to be now?
watching all of your keeks!(;
House. Committee holding hearing on communitty banks. Next comes bill on aging tires. Big lobbyist interest. ABATE will weigh in.
is there a twitter play for today?
I second that Lori! “: Hey Ellie always glad to tweet you!”
Consider once again the " Gospel" music lots of them are simply "Blues" glossed over with christian lyrics. Come on GW's overhaul our music.
#21in21 here is my 6th article about not moving to FL if you do not understand there are rules....
We are too! RT : PHAME is thrilled to welcome as our sweets sponsor for March 14-22 #phametour - !
Got really nap time-y after dinner and lost all motivation to move. Maybe the thorned flower that is the opposite color to Violet?
thanks, John. Look forward to connecting and engaging.
Gym time
Cloudy days blow because they reveal my sunglasses habit has more to do with puffy eyes than sun glare.
welcome :* « thanks babe RT ": 8:09 « what time does 1st period end?»"»
You two were
And this is why I started watching The Voice. RT : Dear America, if you don't re-elect , I'm gonna lose my shit.
What comment were you about to make?
people have been reporting that for awhile now, at least the game doesn't say "now loading" every tag!
think of them as gigantic chiclets…
Some people never learn how to grow up and act like adults, so sad that they have to create drama to feel like they have friends.
come by today to pick it up.
Ok. It's alright with me something are just ment to be and when it does I'm already gone
Yeah, if you like industrial noise with zero headnod factor
"When a thing is Funny, search it for a hidden Truth" --George Bernard Shaw ... Remember; The Truth is the Truth wherever it comes from*
When did it become normal to start the workday by deleting Portuguese and Chinese spam?
Hedo Days - Aug.6/7 Live Band, Kasidie, LifeonTheSwingset,Photo Booth, Toy Lady, Body Painting, 8,000 sq. ft. Play Area, Pig Roast! Join Us!
well in my opinion YOU are pretty awesome :) have fun in the sand while I'm at my BooooooooBQ this weekend.
told me to break a leg last week for my audition. I was thrilled. She is so pretty! I think I'm in love. Don't tell my wife!
"It's the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen."
I've been back in my Fort Worth for one year...one year tonight. this year has been full of surprises and realizations.
. :) I melt during poor wondering one. Anyone who sings that song to me, I'd be their wench for a month.
Enjoyed appearing on this morning - thank you for having me!
My last tweet confirms my opinion that Americans don't want Mexicans to work AND don't want to do the work themselves.
Is the Dolph in town? He seems super cool, and according to 70's Kung Fu movies, eunuchs are the most powerful.
this boy that I went out with
Congratulations to the brand new Seminoles! We can't wait to have all of you here!
There will be no this week. We'll resume posting on 1/9 with an excellent line-up of learners.
watch out for the cradle robbers
I Been Working On Ma Mixtape Just Going Crazy!!
same here! Wht grade u in?
I've been awake for lik an hour & I cant go back to sleep! -.-
laila!! you need to answer fasetr, im about to get off
Some of them have an "accomodates X people" with extra fees for extra persons.
Great choices so far. I'm really interested in L. David and (of course) M. Barron. LETS GO BUCS!!!!
Cannible Corpse growls their lyrics, but they don't suck.
In the TV studio all day working on a new commercial with a client...lights...camera...action :)
The honest truth....
Thanks for the time today and taking a look and thanks for the tweets!
Really disappointed #syfy axed #eureka! It is such a fun show in a landscape of filth. Wish they looked at internet numbers.
a local heavy show that one of my best friends is playing
The shit that goes through my mind sometimes..
How does Jacksonville and Miami let a mid-round pick get in the way of acquiring a QB who can breathe life into their fan base?
Damn somebody got killed in the trappers
ok will do :)
Dardenne bros. still have it. _Kid with a Bike_
dnt tweet them >:O
oh, the memories.. “: Just passed the BOOBIE BUNGALOW! 2 1/2 hours to go”
so wonderful to meet you @ Festival! I peaced out on Sunday but looking forward to hanging next time I'm in town!
Problems are only opportunities in work clothes.
Whenever I hear "The Hardy Boys", I always think about the fictional teen detectives, haha!
Just like #EvilDead and #ArmyofDarkness? So bad, they're amazing.
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step. ~ Martin Luther King
I hate when people text me first then put no effort into the conversation. Why did you text me then? ._.
i love Cane's and I want it right now.
Check out this great article called Best Healthy Weight Loss Plan: Diet vs
I need to meet her sometime!
triple six is my number you can get it off my tumblr.
Haters you can kiss my ass foul bitches
Why did Spring break have to end so fast?
Forever is a WORD not a promise </3
Had a great Meet the BBJ in Annapolis today. Great feedback from readers
oh hey <3
Best way to beat the heat? Be like the critters and become nocturnal. And drink plenty of water!
“: I just felt super duper gay sending that message to lol” anything for you baby girl ;)
Check out "The Fat Kid's Wolfy Revenge" by now available on Amazon.com & BN.com. A must read for #horror fans!
MONEY IN DA BANK PRE-RELEASE PARTY
No I wanna go there but I cant
WHY OH WHY do the two #Princeton post offices always have such LONG & SLOW moving lines???!!! ugh!
My pleasure! Thanks for having the courage to speak the truth!
Reverb is rockin FACEBOOK for musicians lol ! I coined that reverb ,THANKS EVERYONE HAVE A ROCKIN DAY ! AND BE SAFE GOD BLESS
Hey - Good luck tomorrow! Will be thinking of you, can't wait to see pictures!
I would like to exchange follows/support. There is a free promotion site for more followers on my site. FREE!
RT : I wonder if Romney is intentionally using "middle income" not "middle class" <-absolutely
Worried that the unlocatable intermittent beep in my house means my life is turning into a Stephen King novel. Or, worse, Delillo.
The coolest looking spider I've ever seen is chilling on my leg....
you're so gorgeous Thelma <U+E414><U+E414>
Did you have a chance to chat with our sales team?
“: A record 20,000 Chelsea strips were sold in one hour today... On Ebay, by new Manchester City fans.” A different shade of shit
Mine is still in the box.
Today we were invited onto Ashford Talk Radio to discuss how we do it better at Phi 9 and our dedication to Social Sustainability!
#LMSunSIG umassboston. Experimenting with giving badges to faculty for training
Great to see you too. Hope you had fun even though weather was death. And of course, I love !
Stop tweet watching so I know its real. Lol
In the great white north...not too white this time of year!
let's kick it FORSURE this weekend.
Love until it hurts. Real love is always painful and hurts; then it is real and pure. -Mother Teresa
I regret meeting you!!! :/
I always wanted to see her in concert she is my fav artist I wish I could get a follow from her
Talking bout you got yo power back. Really, did you? Are you sure you have not lost it playing with God. Man aint going to expose you. U R
What u doin up
I'm ready for #toughmudder ! Yay get ready Austin tx , San antonioans are going to blow your mind away ! #mindblowing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
So exited for middel school!
My sister officially hates me and wants nothing to do with me, and I can't stop crying.......FML
hold on, let me go find the nearest toilet so i can throw up. since when does chicago want boston boneheads running our teams?
BOOM!!! I'll sink all ur ships "B4" u know it!!! "I've got that BOOM BOOM WOW!!!" LMFAO!!! ;P
i can't wait to be 17 this year and 18 next year lol. and i know time has gone fast.
Who all is taking #summer classes at
Mortgage Insurance | News and Tips
This weekend has been awesome
he's a very affectionate drunk and he loves us. he told us a million times last night between the bagillion hugs we got haha
well I never really got to follow through CAUSE SOMEBODY STILL HASN'T BOUGHT HER FUCKING BENTO BOX! not waiting for u anymore!
No amount of money matters as long as I am building moments with the ones I love. Moments are forever!
The woman on the right
Suddenly Facebook isn't working with Google Chrome
Just had a great audition... Quick celebration and back to work!! ;-)
Good Tip!
Couldn't be any happier! All I want now is Mopar after market exhausts!
I'd never heard tell the "ghostbuster" bachelor party story before. A missed opportunity but still HILARIOUS!
On my way to school yells GOODMORNING TWITTER
I'd like to be....ROMAN
Best first date ever. Ill never forget it<3 Thank you
Everyone will judge what you have done, only you can judge what you haven't. Don't let them or yourself limit the chances you take.
I cannot improve on this thought. RT I love you MCA
Getting Spacers In The Front Of My Mouth Is The Worst ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> I Just Wanna Get These Braces Off <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Oh my god. I'm weak.
Bare Bones Graphics, Albuquerque's Printer, Providing -Large Format Four Color Offset Press, Digital Printing, Screen Printing for T-shirts…
You got it. Yes. He lives here and is shooting another series for ABC in NM.
I didn't write the tweet william :-P it's a re tweet and it's still funny :-P
Doesn't that suck hard core donkey balls
u makin it hap so keep it pushin playa
Don't know of any pantomime cases--European law covers "dumb shows." Next tweet....
Just renewed my tickets for the 2012-13 season. If you're not already, think about subscribing--support the arts in IN!
why yu hating :/
Yersterday have my own party
First night sleeping alone in a very long time
awweee soo cutee! we are gonna have the cutest outlets and light switches at Flagler!
The score will always stop on 69 either one team or the other sometimes even both!
nah, just a blood draw. Won't be too bad. The #writing and #editing are the painful parts!
Wut up!! Get yo butt naked ass up, Salute TOPFLIGHT!
YOU HEAR THAT, HEYAB!!!! Lmao. For that, imma take you out on Thursday during lunch. My treat <3
I woke up and decided to stop quoting Jay Z, Yeezy, and Drake as much as I do. I wanna start quoting myself from now on :) GM
dont hate , she BAD , she gets down :p
Thanks for the RT and welcome to our newest followers !
yessir you should stop by tomorrow night. Several Brewers will be there, George Kottaras is guest bartending.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Dentek Electric & Battery and most oral care products.
and I are storming the field and making a slip and slide
I don't know what hn is but I will drive the crap out of it.
- the one where no one actually scores
plays bass trombone!
Being told you're not such a bad photographer after all= bliss.
Is #Cheerleading a #Sport? Read what a judge thinks here-ussportspages.com
i hope by getting the vehicle, they are one step closer!
50 people died from the Shrine Flu and everybody wore masks. 1million folks die from Aids and people still dont wrap it up.
Got the friday feelin ops I smell TROUBLE haha!!!.
North County Times feature about our animation short I produced, animated by Perry Chen (my son), to premiere at Comic-Con:
We will be attending the Franchise Expo South in 4 days! January 14th-16th at the Miami Convention Center, booth #709! Franchise opportunit…
After six innings, Trinity leads St. Xavier 3-0 at Slugger Field. Last chance coming up for Tigers in top of the 7th and final inning.
Bola de ratas!! E
#C34 duct tape to the rescue!
Let's stop our 100 yr old superstitious dance with a "default" name and partner up with a new one!
#fridayreads Finished Stonecutter by Lackberg. Excellent read, can't wait for the next one! Thanks
follow back please? :) you're pretty.
House can be nice sometimes.
Thanks for the love!! Happy Friday :)
what's shaking bacon??
Where is when you need her to drunken dance with ?
Follow From Novice to more. Discover #Carmel from a bicycle seat on Thursday Evenings
ryan reynolds is ugly.
Hey! Thanks d for thr follow and God bless what you are doing! Would love to network!
ways good
YES! Remind yourself to share your most beautiful & truthful voice from the heart. It don't need no sugar!
at today for with a great and curious group!
I LOVE YOU
How precious. Rebekah Brooks wore a penitent little Peter Pan collar to #Leveson today. Clearly, she's incapable of wrong.
Whats up Frankie, hit me up in my DM and let me know bout those trax.. Orphanz™
They just abandoned him in the alley, too .
...and firms must do so to stop high gas prices leading to higher costs at the cash register.
can I get a picture of that?
Duncan, Ginobili & Parker reminding the Clippers that they’ve been doing this together for a combined 33 years. lol
Haha... you broke the story early! We'll have some announcements and explanation up tomorrow. :)
McCoy to Shipley! Oh, I love saying that. Horns down to the Baylor 3 yd line.
you're cool
Love it when I get to not only design but CREATE for clients and feel I'm helping a great cause
Jerry "Lightning Foot" Flynn
i said the same thing
I have to admit, I'm trying to get a shitload of followers, but I'm not about to spam my entire TL with #TeamFollowBack all damn day!
There's no clarity for you until the body begins to get comfortable
On my way to San Francisco! Great times will be had.
MY LIFE IS FUCKING COMPLETE. YOU CAN ALL BOW DOWN TO MRS.PAYNE. OK. BYE.
Sportswomen of Colorado.
have a good day. Great to see you. See you in April! Xoxox
so far, it's been a productive writing day since it's too damp and chilly outside to want to play...
so sorry to hear that love! We will be praying for you! Remember that ur better than that and will make it through!
AMEN! This is so god damned sad...
duh. I put it at the top of our homepage. And by "our homepage" I mean the deleted messages folder of my email.
they probably can't even spell the word news
Know some1 6-12 months frm graduating/has a B.S & doesn't have a job? Tell them to hit up Teaching is a gr8 opportunity!
oh damn haha that's cool.
Bout To Go Jam Sum Future
Definitely! lol I can do without the Irish kind though #Nasty!
Don't try to destroy the system--that's impossible. Instead, only try to realize the truth: there is no system.
"I like it organic...& my #socialmedia too...making 1 friend at a time"
And,it's true I cant go on without you.Your smile makes me see clearer. If you could only see in the mirror.What I see..
She's totally right! Thanks for the shout out and come to Hubler Nissan today for your best options!
just saw a outtake of 21 jump street the movie and they didn't ask u to be in it Is it going to be like the series ?
awesome job. You guys have been on a roll the last few weeks.
Have forgotten how much i love
jr.copywriter for hire. contact me asap for open positions!
I just ran into a crush from High School :/
Our own little #kanye moment? #TomCorbettDoesntCareAboutPennsylvaniaPeople?
Getting psyched for the UC game tomorrow @ PBS!!! GO CATS!!!!!
LAST DAY!
"The richness is in me, in my heart and in my head, not in my pockets," said Filipaj, who is now an American citizen.
I just want to go home.
Ok, looking for an Android twitter client that can show multiple accts at once like tweetdeck but does pull to refresh. Picky I know
can u plzzzzzzzzzzzzzz shut the fuck........... up
Hawks funeral started. Lots of work to be done this offseason. Need 2nd Ctr, scoring wing, solid D-man & maybe a Goalie. That's All. UGH.
bet, ima hit u up once i get outta class today bout 2 o 3ish
Happy 4th of July !
google The Mulligan Project, it's my new favorite music... can't even describe the vibe... so chill and dark =)
The moderator, kicks it off with this Q: What have we learned from the Great Indy Neighborhood Initiative?
tryin to sleep
Can u pls RT? Livestream tonight with to hear more about his new show! Go to for details!
Working on med product sales trng; high level learning needed w/limited resources; need design that ensures self-study after; any ideas?
Is there some magical place where #medlibs put their survey instruments?
RT : Sveum says he Theo & Jed will check options for Volstad's rotation spot. Coleman possible. TWood `logical choice.' Wood P'd Thu
I never ask my parents before going online. B A D A S S
haha that's true!! But sometimes it makes things difficult!!
It's funny how when you're no longer looking for something it keeps popping up in your face,I'll take it as a sign that it's time
two more coming your way on wednesday, 29 february. final mixing scheduled for that day. what a journey.
right tlkn bout thats my god son the only one i do all that for
i dont even care if we win the lacrosse game... as long as moeller kids get hit
i know i aint Legacy(NEWBOYS) but i can
Only once in your life I truly believe you find someone who can turn ur life around u tell em things u never share with another soul
what are you in the city for?!
I could definitely be swayed... i'll send you a DM with my EM and you can give me the details?
Oliver is by far my favorite. Have you heard of #OpOliver? and are bringin it back
So the interview just HAD to be Saturday
thanks folk what happen
& : some wild & crazy guys.
More than enough for an Osi extension...
IDK how people can not like school thats where i meet almost all my friends and i have fun its how i stay in the drama loop i like school
now u no y
You didn't read the article did you Bryan? The issue is the flawed strategy of OMM. How many do u think are secretly lesbian?
Haha! Have you ever read about how they shoot the show? Google it! Very interesting.
I love how the Bruins won it all
hey folks
For the second straight day, I managed to spill food on myself at lunch. You can't take me anywhere.
they learn difference from somewhere... MT “ Think kids r racially colorblind? ...hear what 6 yr olds have to say on ”
oh I'll do it ASAP thank u my love
Yes IM GREAT! Todays my birthday!
So far of 10 speakers 8 favor single class
Journalists think the iPod might change newspapers, but won't it change tv even more? Almost any show instantly available adfree on netflix?
#KingsIsland40 the general
For what it's worth, I liked you vid :-)
UK has beaten half of the teams in the Elite Eight.
{ YOU NEED YO LIL ASS WHIPPED YOU SMELLING YOUR SELF AGE DON'T MAKE YOU GROWN PAYING BILLS DOES
I'm a big fan of most genuine cat in the industry hands down
Moo! Moo! Moo! Moosiers!
Where? Im trying to put one together 2, maybe you could help! RT : Fashion show next week
Love spending time with my boo. (;
in terminal, try "heroku logs --tail" to track down Heroku errors
Bill Maher was off the hook this week! Best episode in years. Cornell West was a riot! I'd love to see him hanging in the WhiteHouse more.
Thank you James Barham, for sharing research to date. Great convo starter!
Please follow me just because:)
really upset right now. not even the normal upset anymore. i'm just done.
you guys were amazing tonight ! Such an awesome show!
Acupressure. It works wonders. ;-)
Just stick to C for that. C++ has too much extra complicated stuff slapped on top of C that wont help your foundation.
I Swear Is
Two weeks of solitude would serve me well about now...
the uglier the better! :-)
I'll be glad when my sister gives me back my cd! This 1980s music ain't cuttin it!
#DidYouKnow Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie. If you lick 350000 stamps, you will lose 1lb of fat
Of course! The short form of my name. Salespeople in particular are prone to this. Being chummy, they imagine.
dude just combined that beans n tomato mix with eggs n cheese. so tasty!
When the best you have to offer is riddled with imperfection you have an opportunity to improve. Be better than the best you you know!
Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent a new nation conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition
hello asa may you please follow me buddy you are cool and i love your acting
wrote the whole bio chapter on a cheat sheet for my test today. definitely the only reason i passed.
make matters worst, someone had a blow out and their tire knocked out the scoop from my cayman.
I'll be gone after 1:30 today, but will be here most of tomorrow. You can also just leave by my back door anytime.
Miss u all to <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
yeah neither have i ://///
Thanks so much for the RT!!
Im on time to class!
treadmill + workout music + weights + ab roller = great indoor #workout today!
are you still in Mia?
lmao no problem
I'm Lowkey and I make moves discreetly! Some ppl may call me sneaky! *shrugs* idc I'm just DOING ME!
yeah to bad i liv ein chicago and couldnt come :( but im happy 4 the pple that did get to c him
See you bright & early tomorrow at the SLU Chamber breakfast!
Pool party last ROCKED! Mechical Bull today... woo hoo!!!
haha like if he was so so "hot" xD jk
he's a lot better than tebow
thanks and it would be awesome to live by lots of stars
I always embarrass myself -.-
That's what we like to hear - the revelers having a good time! RT : Full House at the Xmas Show! Will be a blast!
Only the 1500 meters remains following the decathlon javelin at the 2012 SBC Outdoor Championships. Race scheduled for 2:20 p.m. CT.
are there anymore chances for tickets? I would love the once in a lifetime opportunity to go.
Pullin stars out the sky Live large, get high.
Yay!!! What a fabulous trio! :)
almost always. makes a blanc of Pinot under the Novy label. And of course used in champagne.
can't wait until Christmas! it is snowing outside right now.
so.bored.
Want Backstrom to get two goals tonight. We need him to play his heart out again.
Just started SSTLS myself. Find myself looking askance at my iphone.
I even brought up one direction DEAD. SF OWNIG THE PARTICIPATION POINTS
I don't think so...What "affair" are you refering to? What ever happened to facts? You should know better.
Who's number is everyone trying to get and tweeting about ?
Im miserable. But thanks for the attempt :p <-Kelsey xoxo>
starting insanity today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> #lettttsssgoooo lol your boo Shaun T
Had a blast spinning tonight!
lol my friend said has a nice ass and she wants to squeeze it xD
Small world, at dinner w Carla Hayden and she's talking up rockstar
Honesty is the test of ones will within this universe
Hi! I know. Long overdue.
I'd love to "Like" your business FB pages - message me directly with the address and I'll add you. It's all about the connections! - Jess
Cator: Holy Grail of assessent is that we build systems of continuous assessment stream instead of event-testing
Ladies and gentlemen, it's Tebow time.
He was bein dead": He was playin right? RT : Chris carter tried to tell me 2 chainz is better that kanye -__-"
Technically, the Redbirds played at a dumpy college football stadium. It wasn't called Redbird Stadium. Still, see your point.
We have openings for child care this fall in Aurora, Illinois! New state of the art center! Contact: for more info!
Hi Can't seem to get into your website today. Would like to talk to you about doing an app for me.
kindle will not turn on. not great that i put my entire calendar in there, plus notes on novel and stories.
letting your child record your family's voicemail intro is not cute, its more like annoying.
Attitude: fuck it Shopping: pleasure :)
what?! We've had 2 of them in this smallass town for years..
THE MOD BOT IS POSTING TO THE TWITTER ACCOUNT
I know right? Or just call Comcast, they come right away. They came the day we moved in! my neighbors are so entitled sheesh
fah real son bitches been coming at ah niggah' hard
RT Character and integrity are not situational. Eventually, truth comes to light. // so good!
we can talk about whatever,bands,movies, sex etc... lmao
Pulling an all nighter
thanks for mentioning us!
my order number was 43209721 thx, erin
Lots going on today: TechRanch brown bag @ noon, Bridge Austin at Union Park then back to Tech Ranch for Bootstrap Web.
END the FED before it ENDS the USA!!
Big S/O to for comin to
I am good, how is the new cd going? I want to get a chance to here you perform again.. Give me a ring when you can to keep me up
How is hiring in Michigan? We are recruiting like mad here in Minnesota and Wisconsin. Lots of jobs!
They made me put pants on :c.
where is the like button on these twitters?
Am I? Padres are worst in the league in swinging at pitches out of the zone. Amongst worst in p/pa & several others key metrics
!!!! RT“: I'm happy with her so idc what anyone has to say tbh”
Completion by Design college leaders realizing its not enough to focus on #deved - even "college ready" students drop out at alarming rates
NOONE SPEAKS WISCONSIN DOWN HERE IN TENNESSEE!!!!!!!! X( grrrrrr
I completely agree. Love the new avatar pic, too!
AWESOME! Can't wait!
UR looking at Boobies what's not to understand. Put on the captions and see what you get.
yea! Its like bbm for smart phones! Download it now please!
HOT JOB!!! Senior BizTalk Developer in Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301
pressure's on ;)
No work in first period <U+E420>
Smiling at the computer screen like a complete idiot because someone said something really sweet.
congrats on the #crunchies win for best social commerce app
I've never meet a teenager who wasn't a dick.
Currently full on life... And enjoying every moment of it..
Mike, where are you located? Your website has no address listed.
Voted for Best Gut Wrenching Scene for 2012 MTV Movie Awards!
Laundromat Flow
More like Blair splash project. I just vomited.
that weak ass name
A grommet is also the hole you thread your laces through on sneakers.
Shoutout to the class of 2012
favorite dytopian YA books? Me, I think The Maze Runner Trilogy!
Tonight at !! DJs Gary Janota & Michelle Riot spin punk, ska, soul, reggae & more! Vee guest bartends! 10pm-4am!
eating some as we speak (:
suck it up. LOL. Morning.
I'm doing better than before lol. Thank you :)
Thanks for following!
My shirt better be at school tomorrow :) thanks sweetie.
Welcome! Hope you enjoy your stay!
i knw u over there smilin
Very moving episode
haha you would say something like that :P
#freshmanyeartaughtme don't skip class more than three times
Italian food is the best food.
LOL what flavor did you get? Pomegranate and the orange are probably my faves.
Sorry, $650 is already out of my price range. I'll ask around though!
Next time you forget the punchline to a joke, just substitute "What? And leave show business?" Works for pretty much everything.
RT "You cannot turn truth into power if you do not know." ~ Bill Clinton #CPNC11"
Do you have aluminum siding on your old house? There's a good chance you've got some nice wood siding hiding underneath!
Yes siiirrr...Nuggets Vs Lakers Sun Afternoon...Game 1 .. #Playoffs Begin.....
Homeboy was definitely on steroids.
same place.have you not looked at the pix? or www.facebook.com/socialcyclesd?boom
customer service was very slow
i love u sis
Time to repeal completely worthless ballot measure then...
RT : Fierce gay marriage debate betw Christie and Jonathan Capehart on Morn Joe. Gov challenges Obama to declare his...
Just discovered Copley is on fire. 5 fire trucks at least. In this already old news tweeps?
You're 16. You should be picking out prom dresses, not baby names.
LOL!!! RT : if you missed out on last night...i don't think we can be friends anymore.
Aw, snap! The 2nd amendment makes the Super Bowl and it wasn't an NRA ad! Who would have predicted that?!
There is nothing so easy but that it becomes difficult when you do it reluctantly. ~Publius Terentius Afer
If I had to pick, I think Heather would b my favorite. She's the moat real and will call ppl out... like Alexis.
Comprised of. Like a dagger through the heart every single time. , please help.
Breakfast with my family!!! Holding on to them, and loving them dearly as we reflect on Whitney Houston's life. I enjoy my family more.
I love shopping and music so much!! :)
It's very gratifying when clients are delighted.
#ITUworld in parallel with a little known event #bapi. Different ways to make world's data both more secure and more accessible
it is thanks!
yea the 77 bucks just let me know when you need it by so I can plan !
my Spanish teacher is being nice....
I mad didn't text nobody saying she made it!
Wandered into the wrong yoga class-Gentle Yoga Stretch. I was the only non-senior citizen.
My human lighting my fur on fire.
I love 8th grade drama so much!! some kids just want attention too bad. #grow up please
I need to call you up. To talk abt money.
And it's a nice night to be outside. :-)
Definitely "Swept Away"
hell yeah thanks G!
who knew i would have to use math so much in my PR career! UGH!
Well, I guess that's good??
"A wireless reach project involves partners including local 3G operator & nonprofit; must align w/gov ICT"-Erica Whinston
OKC, just for Derek Fisher!
. Welcome to the Atlanta! How long are you here?
This is courtney tweeting , EVERYTHING . Btw .(:
Are you wearing a Packers Jersey?
Come see the show - Lori is FANTASTIC in it! :)
Matt Barnes...WOW
¤ The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity. Ayn Rand
I couldn't do all that flying bubba
Sandeep Kishore #TEDMED: committed to equity preventing and treating NON-communicable disease NCDs. social justice issue & curriculum chge
Good morning.....feels like a good day for a new phone like the Aviator!
Tonight starting at 6:30pm, we'll have live on the telephone. More music follows with at 8pm. ^LG
Finished SOME work at Al's, went swimming with her &Tanners, &now with Ate Nika &my sistah. Good day but coming home to more work sucks.
john, expert advice in gb. burgers at krolls just west of stadium. absolute best ever, anywhere anytime. enjoy.
Dropping like flies.....
Who wants a Club Interlude discount flier? We'll be in the cities of Fontana, Bloomington, Rialto, Colton, & San Bernardino today...
in real life it all sucks
Great! Can you DM me the phone number of someone I can talk with about it? Many thanks!
you couldn't live without me ryan who would you "abuse" everyday? Lmao jk.
we share NOTHING
Yo mamma is so ugly the pigs didn't accept her to roll in the mud.
you good bro?
LA joints goin up soon. It's lookin like
Tosh all new tonight!
Mortal Kombat and Karate Kid are both ok tv. Yeah I'm watching it lol
When I was younger, if you could run up the slide you had serious skills.
RT for your chance to win 2 tix to the *Sold Out* #TheWonderYears (), , & more at on 4/20!
Yeah the Pfister looks legit - we just wanted an excuse to walk around downtown. Thanks for the tips!
and I did for brunch last week. Crazy fun kid. I skipped Drag Queen bingo last night though.
Pen, Lipgloss, wallet
The weekend is quickly approaching...what is everybody doing?
you can't tell me you would rather have Ruiz over Wieters. You just can't.
I can see the light at the end of the #MBA tunnel. However, it is quickly blacked out by the prospect of #job hunting ;)
Great win by our ace! Thank you Rockies for making my trip to LA worth it!
try and understand City are new kid on the block. RM have had global exposure for decades
It's my moms birthday and I haven't even told her happy birthday! I should get the best daughter award! <U+E404><U+E409>
Ok name this song : This one is for the boys with the booma stystem top down ac with a cooler system:)
just like being talented and being famous are too different things... U aLREAdy baybay!
Titanic 3D, silly
Photography is a major force in explaining man to man. ~Edward Steichen
ok yourself
what do you care..a bit jealous huh?
so I'm in appleton at a martini bar and I wish it was closer to home cuz I think we could have fun
Seriously, this can't be repeated enough. RT : Remember, every pro was first an amateur. Start your dream. Now.
Way to go #Badgers!! Good win today!
I think it's a universal thing...people don't wanna take responsibility for their own shortcomings
Bachmann's in the race!
the standing O for the 3rd kid was undeserved. just lobbed it up.. no threw the legs, behind the back????
Who can i look to for inspiration to try and get better grades.~ asdjl.
when is your presentation, Aaron?
Thank You DJs for your help with 's
Hey , I'm gonna be in Morgantown today. We should totally hang out and not include because she sucks
Some women don't know how to drive...
“: Watching #Kobe throw away a critical possession and miss the final shot is a terrific present #MerryChristmas” true story!
Man wrestling (WWE & TNA) are running out of good wrestlers, miss the old days. WWF raw is war, WCW monday nitro, NWO, DX..
When the script gets tossed after period 3. Glad we spent half an an hour meeting on this last night...
Back in town, from watching Angelica Chavez's awesome victory! We are so proud of her and the rest of the fighters from Chavez Dojo!!
thanks! I moved down to Raleigh, now I do human resources work for Aerotek (they are a staffing agency).. they keep me so busy!!
Meatloaf? ZING. Seriously, though, just make a Pandora station based on The XX.
The top four ports in the U.S. 1) Los Angeles, CA 2) New York, NY 3) Long Beach, CA 4) Savannah, GA
hey! I heard the wonderful news! Yay! So exciting!!! Finally, fate has intertwined! Trumpets shall sound when at last we meet.
“: Happy B-Day slime”Good Look Bro!!!
friday was the best i went to the mall with 2 buy gifts 4 our moms way better than going somewhere else
It's pathetic that you worry so much about what a guy in Wisconsin tweets.
I wouldn't leave home without a! Try describing the inside of a parking garage though: "I'm in the slopey part"
Yes we do make donuts. Last weekend we had maple donuts and the weekend before raspberry jelly donuts.
"Jesus called, he said he's sick of the disses, I told him to quit bitching, this isn't a fucking hot-line"
Dragging myself out of bed this morning...
Where do you think it is/ where do you think it should be held at?
I haven't decided whether I am going for sure. Still hoping one of the networks will livestream it.
you seem to be in #loserville quite a bit......I'm a little worried. Lol
cool mention twitter & get 20% off your purchase, I design one of a kind pieces & nice real jewelry
Happy 17th of May to all my Norwegian Peeps! much <U+2665> from Waterflow Wagëblë
#TimelineForBrands is here! Are you excited for the change or dreading it?
You're welcome
I won't follow U UNLESS U have a description of yrself on yr profile. Don't think for a min that I'll follow any1. Im NOT that stupid...
Quite a scarf tour de force
best way to beat a "play hard team"... PLAY HARDER!
FL Senate Bill 1312 found "Favorable by - Rules; YEAS 9, NAYS 0". We are yet one step closer to guidelines!
He hasn't been in the grave for a long time. He walks the earth neither dead or alive...
Great prom at #BCCS <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
NLD had a big day of meetings on Capitol Hill with key members of congress! We are ready to see user sign ups multiply w/ their support!
Big idea 5: A Collection of Special Places (neighborhood character, identity, feel)
I am serious who will go to Nicki Minaj with me second set of rows?
LADIES NIGHT: Who is feeling right? $2 house wines and 2 for 1 House Margs. 5 p.m. to close.
So we're not counting the dancers who know him by name at the Gold Club? B/c if you do, that guy's Mr. Popular
Will they, will they not cool the city?
Oranges are like candy you don't feel bad about eating.
FOLLOW and we'll Follow back
#boringwalls? get a #MIKELPATRIK and make them happy!
im so excited! i have prom and two military balls in the course of 20 days! imma be partying it up!!
I'm watching Juliet and Cee Lo enjoying a little nip squeezing!
is anybody bothering to ask if the Native American population is any better off under Obama? Their voice does count, doesn't it?
i know how you feel.. i have biostats on tuesday and i have yet to study =/
fuckin hilarious.. Your constantly killing my data plan with them flicks..haha
I sure did
thanks for the RT!
ahaha that would of been super random if we ran into eachother. Nova was out there too!
I do not. Great album though.
I'm so mean to August. Okay, wait no. That's not true x3 haha
wtf is the deal with politicians from NY?
Wow. Feeling lucky to have the opportunity to work with so many incredible people
After a defensive stop, Roper finds Sippio for another touchdown pass, Preds lead 20-7.
will you talk to me please
How was the cruise with my pal Lowell?
sick on the nicest day this year so far. this sucks!
“: it's been awesome to have at our school” it was "fantastisc" to be here!
With this decade of media closing on Oprah's new network and the explosion of Hulu/Twitter,the new decade of media will be VERY interesting!
FRIDAY NIGHTS BELONG TO
Open Mic Full Band or Solo Tues Texas Mist on 183 at 71 (Ben White) Full Stage with PA and Lights. 1115 Bastrop Hwy (183) Austin, TX 78702
come to Florida(:
open christmas eve til 7pm! closed christmas day, back to business friday!
it hasn't changed ;)
Sandbags, Storms flood movie equpiment emergency management prepared ness Missouri water government
PS3 & Xbox360 comparisons are missing a key element. A joystick. I have yet to play iOS game that responded 100% w/ virtual directional pad.
listening to black woman music <3
Welcome back!
You know what this dankmustache girl actually looks cute but I can't even send that girl to buy me a forty for forty friday!!!!!
legs weigh
says cong. Lines drawn by magistrate very similar to what legislature drew
Perfect weather so far this week
Lots of LONG flyballs out there tonight...that park may even be able to contain type power!
STunning show at Bowery Ballroom this past weekend.
To kill a mockingbird and then laugh about it with my bros over beers.
I second what Marcus said.
Filming the funny today!
“: How did I manage to gain followers today?! You read the bullshit I've been tweeting!?” cuz ur hott ;)
D'awww thanks<3 *blush* :') BUT YOU GUYS ARE ALL SO FRIGGIN BEAUTIFUL!!!
yep you're a model
Don't ask me what the meaning of life is. You define it.
sitting in one of the new sauna cars on Caltrain
A: called together group of marketers on campus to strategize mid-February
guess who wants to pump it?
he was playing for a crap team remember
Lunch at State Corp Comm'n cafe: fried catfish, limas, mashed, and cornbread. And cream soda. Oof.
I love working with , what a kind and inspiring man. I'm so sad this project has come to a close but it was a great success.
Gotta tell you, I LOVE your avatar. So happy, fun, and ADORABLE.
M...basketball pie and basketball marmalade
Still $200 short of our daily goal. All we need is 20 people to give $10 or 10 people to donate $20. Lets make it happen! =)
Liked our tweets? You can find us in person at the Social Business Meetup at 5pm across the hall
To Paris
While I was silent, meaning there is I want you to start a word was said.
See the Andrew Gutauskas Quintet TONIGHT @ 9:30pm at The Brooklyn Lyceum! 227 4th Avenue Brooklyn, NY 11215 1 SET ONLY! DON'T MISS OUT!
To level the playing field... starts w/ the edu of our sons and daughters. ~VP Joe Biden
Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass…it’s about learning to dance in the rain.
Stop complaining to me, because I'm not listening.
Eating sugar cookies that are hot & fresh out of the oven. Yum. The whole house suddenly smells like Christmas!
I'm gonna keep praying and keep my faith and a job will be calling me In for work in no time
Beautiful run through Central Park. Now can someone #teleport me home? :P
....is so sleepy! Working 2 full time jobs feels like slavery!
BTW I cry all over you guys and I always seem to run into Katrelle and cry all over her too
That creature's mouth is going to give me nightmares.
Happy Earth Day, everyone!
reason 6 is finally complete, with record and everything. do you use 5 or 4 now? upgrades were pay what you want last year!
I have a tendency to wanna do things like begin a long game or something wen my bus is near my stop. Idk y.
Shall we meet tomorrow? Julian Andronic from mentioned me and it will be great to meet...
"Success each day should be judged by the seeds sown, not the harvest reaped." John C. Maxwell
RT : Just got a full pat down at O'Hare. Tried to enjoy it but it was way too invasive. Did they go too far, seriously?
It's easy to imagine why Kalinda needs a drink here.
Free at the corner of Van Buren & State! Get it while the gettin's good!
Twitter is buzzing with rumors that a certain Wisconsin tailback has been arrested at #Mifflin2012, but there has been no confirmation.
Human beings are the only creatures on earth that allow their children to come back home. Bill Cosby
I just lost 20 mins of my life at the Starbucks drive thru for a $2 coffee.
lol key word ROAD lol shit is stupid....what city dont have an express--way
Coming soon! RT : Citation Needed
I still wish that the cast of WOWP would surprise us with a new movie this summer.
Reminder! St. Patty's Day is this Saturday! :-)
oh durrrr im really sorry you cant go):
You know you're making the most out of your #sxsw experience when the guy at the free food truck recognizes you.
heard you think you have OSA. I work for a company that specializes in testing/treatment. Let me know if you want more info.
Ohh, yah, that would be bad....
no he at work to :(
getting ready for to present on engaging students with multimedia content
I'll let my mom know, she still doesnt know you're coming. i uh..havent told anyone yet
Getting ready to teach jewelry design at Jo-ann's. Forgot to take my antibiotic despite reminding myself. Shoot.
sun flurries!
Today : reflecting on principles for learning/assmnt & students' writing; workshopping curric maps.
thanks for letting us INTRUDE on your Fri workout. Can't wait to show #SanDiego what you've been up to!
Twitters just somewhere to go when there's no one to listen.
Happy Halloween!
How many 13-year-olds working at foxconn did it take for Apple to sell that many iPhones last quarter?
Our show tonight features 8 performances on both floors. crazy legs, dub locks, sometimes...
Not a coincidence that I bowled my best game of we bowl in church.
thanks for the RT! Hope to see you at the show!
Snow tonight. Already. Sigh...
What is your favorite food??
we think of it as "our" library (ie the community's library), not my library or their library.
What's your take on the Hunger Games? Read the books? Seen the movie? They're both amazing! c:
. several Securitas Vans roaming downtown.
thanks for the shout out bro! Please tell friends n family about my ep on iTunes
its just a small post bottom right
1st Person to RT this tweet will receive a complimentary VIP booth this Friday with Champagne | | NOCHE FEVER| 21+
Pella SW is hiring #job Operations Manager, Controller, Trade Sales Rep, Delivery Driver. Email No calls please.
has launched! Run semantic web crawls, get semantic data from the web automatically.
Enjoyed a great happy hour w/, so proud of everything she's doing w/
True Story: You tweeting this caused me to download the Michal Jackson Number 1's cd on itunes and have a dance party
Packy the elephant turned 50 today in portland
aspiring models w/a nice "ATTITUDE" holla! if you need an image or stylist follow & RT
May the 4th be with you! :)
=( i wish i was as cool as you
Let me help you accesorize your outfit with #jewelry!
I don't doubt the dedication at my daughter's elementary when I saw 15 cars in school parking lot on SUNDAY! THANK YOU!!!!
I was just thinking that today!
Thank You Jesus...!
Yeah! You must have missed it when we shouted about it...a lot! :) Cool, huh?!
RT : A Happy Birthday tweet for !!
Actually it's 8PM on the east coast, so I assume you mean 5PM earliest
Arnold Schwarzenegger became a U.S. citizen on this day in 1983. Yeah, thanks.....
Buzzed for the first time in ages...
Attn Sr. Mgrs: Your Middle Mgrs & EEs have brains too. Take a min. to hear what they have to say; you might learn something! :)
That's so fucking dope. I will take a break from this Reggae and listen to some muthafucking Circa.
the awkward moment when someone comes up to you like hey! But you no clue who they are.
few more years b4 that happens cuz
Plaque reappears in 6 hours after brushing.
so pretty.. keep it coming
I spy, with my little eye...Susan Sarandon!
Love is like a grocery store apple: look all you want but you will never find one without a huge dent in it Nobobdys perfect-especially you
Just win the lottery, right?
I had to cook, it's been several days since I've been able to chew real food. Sigh.
Love my sis
Bad associates make it hard for good ones. Lady was talking to her coworker the entire time she was ringing me up. Didn't even greet me.
Went out and picked up Joss Stone's discography to see she's worth robbing and killing... I just remembered my childhood and missed my mom.
my head hurts so bad i just died...respawn in 3, 2, 1...
just give it a tappy tap taparoo
that was kinda rude.. but okay.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND We love you and RNG :) It would mean so much if your did! ;) <3
Innovation and hard work doesn't guarantee success, it's the PEOPLE that make it take shape. - Pres. Albaugh TRUE DAT!
I hope today goes by fast (:
Take risks u can afford. Never jump all the way out there.
Another show stopping du Soleil special performance @ #drupa - last one today @ 16:45 don't miss it
-- butterfly / what's it dreaming / fanning its wings? #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
Where the hell is my Eco professor? I'm ready to get this final over with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Let the Sounders game tomorrow serve as my motivation to bust through the work part of the day (if I really have to do the whole work thing)
ass 88 times in his song Dance
On my way to #thelake watching #nsn on my way there ily
just a tad you're just too much to handle
#Cloud is fueling innovation for the marketplace. It has allowed to be extraordinary with customer service. What has it done...
ya! Wat should we do
that's what they said DX
that's what it's looking like.
Today will be the death of me.
Seeing a spider, isn't a problem. It becomes a problem when it disappears.
I sure hope it's a good & quick 1!!!
I love my #BabyBashBling team it's been a productive, challenging and creative few months.
Change is the essence of life. Be willing to surrender what you are for what you could become.
madison/danecounty has been recession proof, we have a strong economy, and scotty wants to break us, like he did milwaukee county. fu !
thank you! I appreciate your support.
RT he should tho, bruins love bill wisdom we have confirmed with Bill Walton that he DOES NOT have a twitter account.
Dont forget about Yummy Taco Thursday! RT : $1 Taco night! Tonight
rain on me
I bet ur just as sexy in tight jeans and a sweater!
Sometimes I forget how disgustingly organized I am.
Any history teachers in South Carolina?
Foucault, on Deleuze: "Do not think that one has to be sad in order to be militant, even though the thing one is fighting is abominable."
Spread the word! Spread our name! Let's #GrowTheGame #kansascity!
TEDTalks on Netflix!
Coffee round 2 has been ineffective at either keeping me warm, or waking me up... should be a fun dress reh.
... and applied them to their various situations from the 1740s to the 1810s
Glad you liked the #appnationconf panel -- If you're in SF you should come visit DD HQs!
except for etsy, ebay, garage sale, flea market, newspaper, penny saver, craigslist, a website, or internet.
its too old fashioned and puts me to sleep
Yep yep. When? Also, what are we doing for mother's day?
announcing a new festival DYMA? will be co-headlining with Mobile Deathcamp in South Michigan pretty soon!
nope but I got the bunny ears on it lol
Realizing if I were a character on #larkrise ... it would be Dorcas... sans corset, post office, or lady parts... #whoRUonPBS ?
aw c'mon man! I gotta have something positive to tweet about. After all, stats are for wi.... er, never mind.
tomorrow is mother's day so what did you get your moms?? better do it up big cause mama's are the reason u are here!!!
Kentucky Vs Kansas. Who do you have winning it all?
u black with marilyn manson posters on yo wall
Midtown Green Team planted 10 new street trees Sunda thanks to super volunteers in Mount Vernon.
@ @ @ yes, and agencies should accept e- requests. Need strategy for show and conquer.
Gotta weigh in on #chelseaclinton Awful. Not attractive. Not talented. NOT fit for prime time!
I know. I was thinking the same thing. Isn't it funny you and I both follow
CHRIS ROB - LIVE @ WILLIAMSBURG MUSIC CENTER tonight @ 9 pm.
That sounds about right from Wiseau....
I enjoyed it :) it was hilarious!
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Hello gang. Been a while!
I was alway prepared to pull the "Are You Saying I'm Fat?" Card if I got in trouble for wearing skinny pants.
#OccupyNashville Cops filming the faces of gathering crowd of bystanders. Awesome.
Hey ! RT : We really don't want to square off against Ryan Gosling, that much is certain.
the Liszt Sonatas one has some agonizing math to exclude the sheet music pages from the book/copied section. Still fails.
2nd RT : Everytime I go to the #HHAwards I have so much DC pride and wonder how I could ever leave this town.
aww your so sweet!:)
$1,000 dollar reward on any information leading to the person or people who stole from the Creek yesterday.
thank you
30th annual Fayetteville Dogwood Festival comes to a close
lol...u a fool boi...i laugh'd 4real
omfg! if this little girl doesnt stfu im going to beat the living shit out of her. i dont fuck care if she is seven!!!!!!!!!
writing about one of our newest WordFrame Integra Customers: ART Healthcare ... will get a good write-up today, looking nice
Sorry for my weak twitter game lately guys. I've been busy with other things going on. Still trying to
thought I was the only one that saw that. Hate the Cards just a bit more now.
Avengers hype is growing...is this a guaranteed billion dollar global smash? I say "yes".
Hoping Bin Laden's death/murder is reason for U.S. gov't to reduce defense spending that has increased steadily since 9/11/01.
Opening hymn: "Are We There Yet?" by Groovelily ()
ah now he puts the fire rescue sweatshirt on, lot better!!
They always arguing ova money . Shakana need to chill tf out tho . . . She ghetto as Hell !
O....people.....just gotta keep smiling, it'll be okay...
We love eggs for breakfast! Pair it with some fresh fruit or whole wheat toast and it is the perfect morning meal!
Check out all the cool prizes for FestQuest! You know you want to win a $250 Sushi Dinner party from Zen Sushi & Sake Bar!!...
along w/coaches, empowering tchr leaders.
so far so good!! Ask Malcolm about his neighbors!!!!
I hate buying food. food should be free
they wouldn't pass it so fast. It'd take awhile.
no, my fun is still good. You?
How are things over there?
Bosh was fouled 3 times glad they called the last one.
but your still on probation ....lol
Great morning. Make it count.
Just tweeted that. Nice work.
He went thataway, Boss! He's got red hair, red shoes, and a big dumb smile on his face. Called himself Ron McDonald.
Horrible Bosses is such a good movie.
thanks for the RT's!
just got off the phone with DC Park & Planning secured a commitment from them.
Did Sasha Baron Cohen throw ashes on the live cameras?
Above all, the most convincing thing is "facts."
Thanks Colleen! Looking forward to catching up next week when things calm down (post AAM & graduation craziness.) #muchlove :)
We extend our sympathy.
Only 9 days left in INCOMPLETE PASSES giveaway on Goodreads! Sign up now!
“: I just saw a naked butt. If I were any place other than Dinkytown, I'd be surprised.” < lol
Canada has its own thanksgiving and football league, they should take their band back too.
I think you can rock the red polo
#mothersday right around the corner! Get her what she really Kraves a piece of #MIKELPATRIK, origs & reproductions for any budget!
HEY EVERYBODY!!!! :)
they're still wrong but they know the people came for a performance. So they perform. They give people what they want.
THANKING GOD FOR ANOTHER DAY FOR PROGRESS PEACE AND BLESSINGS PO$ITIVE PU$H
That awkward moment when some little girls are better dancers than grown men and women
On the way home from Tulsa, didn't wanna leave.! Had an amazing weekend with Chris so far but the weekend isn't over.(: <3(11/1/11)(:
Smoky! Let's bar b cue!
I'm right there too. fml.
uh oh Peggy Peggy Peggy help
RT : Around Christmas time it is fun to go up to any "For Lease" signs & write "Navidad" under it. - Funny Af' (x
Study Unique: PPT ON ROBOTICS IN SURGERY
On that note Joe always goes for Deep Ellum's vegan burger. My favorite place in town if you haven't visited yet!
AH still get excited like its the first time (:
Wowza! Heavy weights from Monday are painful today! Do you get most sore one or two days after strength training?
Today I've decided to stop using the ellipsis to close out a sentence. This will start tomorrow...
I am as excited to read the post on Friday as I am for Phillies Baseball. Is that wrong?
i'm partial to the people :)
you don't have to sync your whole google account, just go into settings and calendars on the phone. Good luck!
I wish and were my best friends...
i thought it was 'wew' ? lol.
Hungry for steak
If you live in california and dont have a car, sadly youre going nowhere.
I'M LOOKING FOR ARTIST TO COLLAB. WIT, I HAVE SOME DOPE BANGERS FOR YOU TO WORK WIT, SERIOUS ARTIST WIT MONEY ONLY, BUSINESS MONEY TALKS
Cardboard is the coolest thing evarrrrrr
Are they toying w/ us? RT : Want tickets for tonight's game? Call 215.218.7825 or stop down at the Wells Fargo Center Box Office!
#dlf2010 lunch delicious, internet access unpredictable, stimulated by Carole Palmer, John Ockerbloom, Kevin Ford, lotsa metadata
I don't believe in. happy endings
So...if you know anyone with Fibromyalgia, please send them my way. I am currently in search of research subjects. Thanks!
Candler Rd. smell just like sum
TODAY at 5 pm is the deadline for the SPJ Awards Contest. Please don't wait until the last possible minute & crash the system. Kthx!
Thanks to all OKC Party Bus riders for an amazing weekend! Call now to check out our discounted summer rates! 405.447.2446 okcpartybus.com
great testimony for the power of the cause. Can't wait till the next !
wanna sleep but i'm hungry <U+E413>
Thanks for "Artefacts and Errors." So helpful.
haven't danced in San Diego but if I ever get a chance I'm checking in with you for the hot spots.
U bulb with your ugly butt :) J/P U hella fine LOL
I'll take you if we can go to the ORIGINAL Original Pancake here in Portland!
- your trilobite necklace is getting positive comments at
Hi! Do I know you? You dont recognize me? No? It's me the girl you love!Ooh could you remove the make up because I love you for who you are.
I just killed a helpless chicken with my bare right hand. I'm a bad person.
The girl with a future avoids a man with a past
Great to see our friend on twtter! Check out his show
It's okay c: I love our friendship too!!! love you <3
Wishes a Happy aniversary to Wilhelm.
The LCC Faculty Jazz Quartet MICA Gallery, 1210 N. Turner Street, Lansing, Michigan 48906 4 p.m. Sunday, March 27, 2011
A video as your cover photo.... we just fell in love
HAHA! I was in a hurry to get over to you! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Why get mad at yourself when there's a whole line of people to do the job for you ;)
2 bad bitches at tha same damn time!
NHS was BOOOOOOOOOORINGGGGG! but I have a certificate and a card and candle wax on my hands!
Got paid early this week >>>>>
ACTUALLY, i gave you boobs. <3
“ “ I put u on my christmas list so for christmas my present can be sum christmas d*ck ..lol””
ight & cuz I thought you left
That's Fucked up Truly sad Wtf it aint never that serious
Something tells me we have psycho monkeys on the roof... Production Office
Mariah Carey released a second Christmas album last year and this is the first I'm learning of it?! #OhSanta!
The Smoke Thickens | Travel Accomodations - hotels bodrum
Ay we gone ustream live today. Make sure yall stay tuned
New avi what y'all think
#writing my #novel on #OfficeSuite for #Android at
Alex Salmond just got introduced as a touch of class on Craig Ferguson.
Much needed 3rd place yesterday!
I guess the lord heard my prayer its drizziling now
Promise its the last. I know, I can't stand the word. Everytime I hear it I cringe.
Booked our double-kayak tour for this Saturday! Ready to check out the sea caves!
whats good bro.
Today marks my 90th day with my new job at REAL School Gardens and I'm loving it!
I know, first time ever from that post...
#BOYFRIENDReview So many boys used to hate you at school but after #boyfriend everything changed
haha not at all u seemed so carefree and having a blast lol
Believe to achieve
SHOCK: Congressman Is Asked, 'Who Is Going To Shoot Obama? www.tncnews.com
Watching the Skins v. Dallas game through the crack in between my fingers!
We do! Maybe I should check out #Narrative next year?
walk up in the mal had to cop em al she asked me why I stunt so hard I said b*tch because I ball truuuuuuu
I fix Traffic tickets Dui and warrants call me 702-882-6007
its like starting a diet or exercise plan - at 1st you hate it but after a bit you think "why didn't I do this sooner?"
been using it long? Still can't get away from the old tools. Painter or PS?
Brand new CUTE summer clothes smh
Anyone see bottles or cases of Hopslam yet? Vecenie's is already sold out :(
Luck is the residue of design. Go and make the plan & work it hard!
Someone willing to do anything just to put a smile on your face is one worth keeping.
I actually think you misspelled pizza... I spelled it just fine.
Ha! That little whippersnapper needs to shut his mouth!
That's sad but so true
I'm going to DM you!!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 18
sounds fantastic! Im sitting in stopped traffic on the way to
Your cute(;
Fed up with Monday? Fill up with something more fun in ! $3 wells, $6.25 Guinness pints, 3-6pm!
Yea. iphone, you ain't tryna buy it tho' ?
The Life
BB7 is now hiring Controls Engineer and Controls Engr Mgr in Lodi, WI - perm placement at top client. email resume to
Happy Passover, Happy Easter, and 3 cheers for the weekend!
Love this .. "Our truest life is when we are in our dreams awake." ~ Henry David Thoreau #iheartquotes <3
WORK OUT MODE: Hitting it hard!
Fun times, indeed! And totally, you can be our house band any time you like!
hello audrina, happy wednesday to you
I'm excited for next season! and I got season tix for dubs!
Just watched someone leading some tourists yell "Let's go to Market Street!" and then promptly turn and walk in the opposite direction.
Sad day. I cant watch new music video cos I cant view it in my country :( now I am sad
research shows that grades do down when the team does well.
marry ALL the Weasley's!
Never count on making a good sale. Have the purchase price be so attractive that even a mediocre sale gives good results-Warren Buffett
T'was wild to have an in Seoul.Felt like home! I bet they don't sell rice sticky buns along w/ coffee in the Stat…
Great experience with today. Would totally use them again.
Are you going to HP Discover? Have you already signed up? Drop me a note --
Inspiring bfast w/ CEO Ben Pingree. A friend of & fellow Alum. & the boss of my bud
The cruelest thing in the world is the smell of brownies the instant they hit the oven even though they still haveto 30 minutes to cook
I wish I could hug you. God loves you, and I love you.
RT Everyone please follow the new along with the CEO
1–3 years of experience, that is.
I have new follower on my Twitters! What's up, (LinkedInQueen)?
Putting the final touches on Demiurge's new site - soon to launch. Demiurge is a sculptural fabrication studio specializing in public art.
Hoes talk shit to the lips lock jaw chrome to ya dome til ya lip lock jaws
RT..I will DM Liam for everyone who RT'd this. (Must be following me and )
1D facebook confirmed theyre adding more dates! lets hope its in Missouri
bum man boogie
RETWEET IF U SOMETIMES WRITE REETWET INSTEAD OF RETWEET...I DO THT A LOT:P
Never regret yesterday. Life is in you today, and you make your tomorrow. ~ L. Ron Hubbard
Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil.
Or I'll hibernate until the start of football season. I guess I should look at Red Sox onesies for Baby Marcus ... :(
Is there any way to disable rich text in iOS 5 Mail? I just want plain text. Now copied text from preserves line height & junk.
I wanna go to a citizen cope concert.
didn't make me believe in myself, she just showed me how beautiful life can be once you do.
WHAT doesn't kill ya makes you stronger...(:
really pissed at myself for choosing Brave New World to be my independent novel.
We love #developers! Are you in #PDX? Come in for an #adjustment to make sure you avoid the risks of #desk posture!
Just wanted to make sure no one missed any of the selling points at the Clown Motel. ;-)
Ephesians 6:11 Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.
Sounds like your project will have some great visuals.
I don't think I've ever been this excited to see someone. I'm so pumped to spend my day in Chicago tomorrow :)))
Super annoying indeed !
Callback today for play "The Man in the Black Pajamas."
I am always amused at guys who talk to their Mothers with their Joint in their other hand
RT@: #SignsYouLostAFight you black out and scurry to the pokemon center.
no more makin' you cry, no more grey skies
RT : Meeting with and #doitindy #indy (@ Fountain Square Brewing Company
Sorry- that should be Fess Parker- and I've only had half a glass- really!
Second step to : unfollowing all the boards I don't actually care about. Can I find anything useful to men on here?
Rented a media card and it wasn't wiped. It has the dailies for Russia's Next Top Model with Tyra Banks on the judging panel.
No one ever gets tired of loving. But everyone gets tired of waiting, assuming, hearing lies, saying sorry, and hurting
So saddened to hear of the loss of a friend, who was also my daughter's guitar instructor. We are stunned. God's peace to all those who...
x: if the summer will be as hot as the previous one, the most pressing will be rolled up, "Hi, I have an air conditioner"
hey boo...quick ? do we have to answer both questions on the blog post?
Oh and now I'm watching the season finale of Criminal Minds. Why are all of my shows ending?!
oh my! No! No one in this class would I do! But I have been sexually creeped out by a guy in here!
what's their actual one
7 Tech Time Warps That Will Blow Your Mullet Off [VIDEOS]
Get your orders in EARLY!Print schedule is filling up!Start your orders on our Facebook,or call 720-542-6105...I'm answering the phones!
KMA Music Congratulates Team USA!!!
I though it made you a cebid. But you can be a meme too if you'd like.
uuumm, I miss you.... Columbus bound anytime soon?? ((HUGS))
& if there is fault in promoters booking talent in matches to make money how is that different
Guys, this set for Orpheus looks like the inspiration board I originally made for my wedding.
whateve im sure you do go with her u aint got to lie...
Nothing's finah than the incomparable Dinah Washington. Easing my way into this week...
Hopefully I feel better by than
@ haha good times! I miss you guys too much!!
Say thanks always in all ways.
Ringer no doubt, it's a Mac app.
I'm sure it is but he can get a better lay of the land and who he might to be behind or not
No Steve (Jobs) don't go!! Apple needs you, We need you!!
RTLook at Uniontown Bar & Grille-good ex. of biz that's not operating in riot-ready mode. Take down barriers & get 2 know your patrons.
Today in #Theatre History 1978. Happy Birthday , can't wait to see you on Oct. 2nd.
RT Me and are the hairs of #packernation! Follow us and we will follow back!
Looking for more sources in branding identity. Any suggestions?
Not anymore, at least. MT: : Perry jones will not sniff top 5. Not even a lottery lock RT: : perry jones top 5 easy
Clearly next year, I have to make sure I attend Thursday!
Celebration time! Keep on drinking!
Jared Ford: Mobile technology is a powerful tool for
I think it'd be punny... #imlameRT : is it a bad pun if I saw: Sweet !
Every time I do this, I get arrested.
depends on who's doing the searching. ;)
thy tweet you did about the girls in the dressing room lol
Channing Tatum in she's the man! :)
Takin' us to church up in here.
Eenie meenie miney moe, you are nothing but a hoe. You think you're cute, you think you're classy. Reality check: you're really trashy(:
As usual, everything is put in proper perspective after birthday email from one of lifeBFFs in China who should have died from aneurysm.
ALLBALBOA was Great! Special thanks to Valerie Salstrom of Get Hep Swing for inviting Aris Allen this past weekend www.gethepswing.com
ignore the reviews! our prices are just as low as they ever were! Come see us open till 9!!! :D
Let's do this tomorrow Anteaters!! #Rollonyoubears!!
So bored wrestling is almost over
wtf.have you been?
I am reading "In the Garden of Beasts" by Erik Larson, who proves again that truth is stranger than fiction.
Fucking amazing! Better than Twilight! Must see!
Congratulations to all the new RKC's!!
Nothing. Baby sitting the cutest baby cousin ever. ;) #You?
i made team :)
RT Making myself a banana shake ! On a diet ! My baby weight is finally almost al gone CHYEAH !
I think I drank too much chocolate milk again. My stomach seems very queasy.
you should up there with me to eat
That would definitely count as the "Annexation of Puerto Rico".
One of these days Imma tweet sayin "I'M BRINGING CUPCAKES TO SCHOOL TOMORROW! TWEET ME IF U WANT 1!" and imma get hella RT's -.-"
Come to Sabbatic and let loose. You braved 10 ft of snow, angry polar bears, and rock hard nipples. Time to kick back with the Sabbatic crew
#littlehurricanne is a pretty amazing band. Like how its a guitar and drums duo and there is a girl playing the drums
I often find myself playing improv games by myself-talking outloud,walking down the street-this is normal right?
Nina, our thanks to you!
Thank you very much for the info, ill be sure to record it! Hope all is well with you. Take care
Baby ima give it to u right , all night . <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><U+2755><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
went for a run when i got home today since I skipped gym. yeah.
awesome! Thx for the tip!
Comedy night live tonight! Come have some laughs, 730 start. And its free!
This next song im writing is dedicated to those who feel alone, this songs called "Destroying what destroys you"
you should tag in your bio so more people know where to follow her :) Just a thought...
You got me bewitched cause i'm under your spell.......
the amount of butter i put on my food usually ranges from Reasonable to Paula Deen
Thanks for the follow!
never had those :o
#sidenote I dont believe Austin is intentionally a #fckup but you 2 def school him on being a fckng #grownup!
Things u see at WalMart...guy wearing 2 different types of camouflage? #isthataowed?
nice. I got the iPhone 4! Your right it's so awesome!
I called you ma'am...I don't feel the love
Health 2.0 - where ppl who are interested in data and health topics come together #healthnerdfest yay!
How are you ?
Confessions on a Dancefloor<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
when u bring in the chips everyone's happy.. thats when they all wanna hop on yah wave
Kid next to me is brilliant! Just stacked 9 slices of apple together and called it an apple sandwich! His sis all of a sudden wanted apples
Even when you're by my side I still need time to feel the company
that is creepy but it's all fake lol
I love my background!!!
#supermoon not happening in Denver.
watching movies not shot for 3D is like listening to music through tin cans
You have been assimilated. Congrats
Lil Boosie is not the first rapper to admit killing someone in their songs...
Thanks for the mention, Polly.
typical...just got off the phone, forms now in the mail to be signed and notarized, sent back, & new check can be issued! BAH!
so much going on in our lives today, the "unwillingness to work" doesn't appear applicable. If anything, we work way too much.
"i want my purse back asshooooooles." - the hangover.
Thanks & Right Back Atcha!!! Have a fab weekend!
Spending all calculus class playing Mortal KOMBAT on a sega genisis with >>>>
Drivin round D-town shakin it to ciara and JT's new song..... I love it a lil bit.... Check it out!!
I look at him and wonder. Is he to good for me?
I'm up! Kinda at em'... Everyone get in the car, time to drive to Denver YO!
pull ova
Are you a #book #reader? Have you read a #ColeHart #novel? Trust me, it's not too late. A-Town Veteran is available on Amazon now for 2.99
Taking a class on #itunesu about information literacy, assessment, and pedagogy. I love being a
Nothing is real 'til it's gone.
we already follow them ;)
yep, shoved it in car glove area, guess that was enough to do it
“: It's time to let two people have a relationship without a third opinion.”
Just that they be in "good academic standing."
Hood star
African jungle degree of illness quarantines me this Friday night, like Michael Crichton meets Sweet Valley High
please watch this and tel me if you think he's good!!
"if you're not paying for something on the Internet" You are the product.
My director told me today that I'm crazy. "Absolutely crazy." This is a good thing, right? Right?!
Oh, both of the above, I'm sure! ;) What if the st found an error and (gasp!) corrected it? The impudence!
thanks for the follow I love your food. Shooting a commercial near u, I'll stop in this week.
aw thanks :) that makes me happy :)
3m: Line out USA
omg guess what
well why dont guys do the same so we know ??
oh sweet! I'm at 3-4 times a wk and guess I'm just burning out. Must tone it down.
Internet works on the phone once again! Woo hoo!
But really, I'm paralyzed by the fear I have for my looming finals. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
It's funny how everyone has their own best/worst Malick film; for me, TREE is by far his worst. Kitsch, indeed.
good night
Celeb fans! Checkem out! Be part of this original vibe!Expierence my guitar:Blues rocknroll,
RT : KC Chiefs draft pick Devon Wylie has agreed to terms on a contract. Congrats
great color from Kristin and cut from Maxine.
Loading up my car to get it down to the Douglas County Fairgrounds. See YOU tomorrow morning!!
Intuition, observation, analysis. The bermuda triangle I hope to get lost in.
Just heard your dad call into WCBM Radio in Baltimore .. he was touting his son .. and rightfully so. Keep up the good work!
All these years I thought I didn't like chicken salad. Turns out I just don't like bad chicken salad. What else have I been missing?
love you beautiful<3 & i know its already a year?!
BOGO at Victoria's Secret might be sexy! RT You know you're a hardcore marketer when...Nothing sexy about coupons.
and it wouldn't work if u slightly dehydrated...agua mi amiga, agua
Kristen Stewart Lands &quot;Edgy and Sexy&quot; Role in Upcoming Action Flick
I hope Scott Brown wins. It will mean a bloodbath for the dems in the next election!
Franklin park today with our new chicken mole taco... Savory and delicious.
Thank you for the pic! Ad thank you for not going short. Seriously. Thank you.
I like being able to text people and use emojis <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Wow! Ok ! I'm very pleasantly suprised!
gave us an Almond Roka (?). Now my throat itches. She's trying to knock off the competition!
Thanks for all the wonderful Birthday Wishes!!!! Love you all!!!
real madrid la liga champs!!
“: If you <3 America, care about the future and believe that we are better off without Obamanomics. RT this. #Resist44”
Pancakes, strawberries and coffee. <3
enjoying a mojito on the back patio - hope this weather sticks around
&#9754; Cool Deal Digital Video Fountain Pen Watch them back
I have mine ordered and on its way!
Had a great time playing on TV! Thanks to everyone who tuned in!
North Carolina please Vote NO
<U+266B><U+266B><U+266B><U+266B> It's so good to follow somebody, and dat somebody follow u back!
but only in my dreams does that really happen
Twitterific is form me!
Once opened up a Church Thunder Hop and it had a head like that.
Aww man, now Davy Jones is dead? Geez...RIP Davy. Such an awesome dude.
any chance cactus still has the devo record?
*Arms raised above head* right ?
I like his style. RT Alright people. Looks like our little boy is going to be a little late to the party.
Happy Birthday ! :)
yeah and im one of those 10million fans. One day you will follow me, I just know it,(:
Another win the O's would not have had last year.
12....I actually posed that exact question to Jamie last night after seeing the Julie Wojta vosot
I so need to be pulling weeds in my landscaping. Just want this frost threat to hurry by so I can put my flowers out...
It's summer!
What's your favorite dating or wedding reality show? What'd you think of Dating in the Dark?
“Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.” <U+2015> Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'm in Richmond. Lol aaawwww man we gon have to fight. I'm a Raider. Lol I'm just messing with you. Visit me lol jk ;p
S.L.A.P Support Local Artist Please!
YES! cute new heels, here I come :)
This is the worst display of officiating I have ever seen. How is that not a high stick against #Ottawa. Very weak calls against
I heard you guys bring in guest bartenders to do fundraisers. Can VGI come in to raise money and awareness for
You're welcome Matt and thanks! We've enjoyed working with you the past 6 years! www.think-arch.com
Alright fine downtown Glendale, you're kind of adorable...
Efrain's II (Boulder) hoppin tonight, and no one makes a better marg in town...ask 4 a white lighting...hands down best silver rita in town.
WHY o WHY did you make this pantry list?
That was Brutal
I really like this shot of u
josh is down (;
HP Certifies Ubuntu Linux
oh my goodness giovana
check out the new music video guys, me and my brother did it in a couple days
“: lilq824 it's all about dem lakers tho” Hockey > basketball...But I see your point :)
Sir, baseball fans protest! We are overlooked an ignored. You have hardly acknowledged us. Please keep baseball in Portland!
remember when I triangle choked you.
Thanks for the great feature in ! We love it!!
It is the ceptic side of Twitter. The only standards here are self-imposed.
: If 'quietly judging people in public' was a paid job, I'd be rich by now.
It's coffee time
"bitter peepee greens?" The BEST description of arugula I have read in a while. Kudos.
please mention me in a tweet
It feels like Friday but it's only thrusday.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Not free ones through the membership program, no. <Will there be member tix available for the Chivas game?>
Your chick, she so thirsty.
#2 in cincinnati 252 nationally 348 globally everyone go to reverbnation look up enasni and see what all the hype is about
thanks...keep up the good work
all the love she wants >>>>>
Wow. These pictures of couples are really cute...
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. Jim Rohn
survey says … definitely not. 85 from Southborough to Hopkington was pitch dark, save for dozens of little flashy reds & whites
u should really follow hes so talented just like you #justinfollowaustin :D
TSOI-NY is checkin' out Swervedriver at Irving Plaza.
I was creeping. Lol bye
me too, Fbook peeps are not as supportive imho
Confidence is a stain they can't wipe off!!!
i doing great! Just listening to music :)
Will be looking to a have a day at training camp!!
Michelle Bachmann says they'll drop to $2 a gallon if she's elected. Maybe she can bring hamburger down to $.79 a pound too!
The wind outside whistles with discontent for america and it's poor choices.
Thanks, Katie!!! RT : Good luck at the #ShortyAwards and have fun!
You gotta realize when your not wanted to walk away and.find someone who wants you
he's knocked out :(
Fun ass day with allyssa and John. <3
and that's makes you what 13?
I'm not so sure. RT : #renoAMA panel agrees that hosting a future Winter Games would be a huge positive for the #renotahoe region.
True laziness is being excited when plans get canceled
As long as foods involved, I'm fine w/ whatever :)
: previously on… Missed last week's show. Way backed up on TiVo list & haven't seen show in a month. Just discovered the show...
hey are you open to trades?
The NEW Thursday's here! The NEW Thursday's here! Okay, that's enough for now.
RT : To unite the #Jewish people and protect #israel is our duty! -Amb Oren
Sitting in rio cash area willing to start 50/100 or 100/200 PLO if anyone wants to
Bye bye!
Was looking like a sexy manakin today with all her Nike on lol
E-Portfolios: Have to also consider the next step. Not just what you have done, but where would you like to go?
This the day the Lord has made; we are rejoicing and are glad in it!!
Love the feedback. Your suggestions are noted, and we'll discuss it over cocktails tomorrow. Thanks for taking the time, Ryan!
Why the fuck bitches love Tyler the creator? Nigguh look like a baboon!
Good morning, hope everyone has a wonderful day. :* <3
Don't miss this weekend's open house in Edina! See www.halfcosthome.com starting offer price 160k! That's 50% off market value!
nospectacle DJ set for opening reception of Rust Belt to Artist Belt I conference. Tonight 6-9 pm.
So I basically can't see even with my contacts in. Maybe I should see a doctor or whatever.
This rain feels good outside my window...finished my writing for the day, now tea and movie..m.
re: #Paul's Boutique sample lawsuit -For fuck sake!
just loves her legit furry babies(: it is just so durn cute!
Help yourself, and Heaven will help you. -Jean De La Fontaine
RT Here's to all the cules who are sitting worldwide, crying their eyes out over the most amazing coach ever.
yeh it takes 6 months to finalise. And my ex husband fucked me over on taxes too. He ahould have filed single. Cunt.
can u follow me plez ;) <3
Lot of y'all not risk takers...which is why that comfort zone you built holds your potential back to find yourself beyond measure
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>In only a quarter of a century u've accomplished so much, w/ much more 2 come. PROUD OF U! HBD cuz! Love you! <U+2764>OOP~YIP!
PR firm in the Financial District , thanks for being helpful!
I hate them too urgh
will discuss taking his law firm virtual and his subsequent feature in at #crackingthecode!
bookies still takin' money
make sure you video tape it so we can see it.
I wanna see at the videoshoot, look for them
#NYXPO thanks Rhonda! Look forward to seeing you there - want to meet up for lunch?
“: That beach run gets me every time.” how long or far do u run?
nope not telling...
interesting...where is "here"?
If Friday doesn't happen, I will not be a happy girl.
Thank you for tweeting the article.
. I disagree that debt stance serves Romney, because his solution is austerity....that having been said, I hope he bites
I miss Gushers. Do they still make Gushers?
Cubs-Brewers at 7. Shuttle to Game w/ Drink Purchase. Rock Out w/ Pete and the Hot Mess after the game?Who's coming...
RT : #Appreciation What can you focus on appreciating today to provide you with balance when you struggle?...
Hear that? That's the sound of me hating your guts.
RT : If we do not succeed, then we run the risk of failure.
Then why'd you make that face? Lol
Pick your outfit yet?RT : You should come with! The #DCAddyAward Gala is what all the cool kids are doing.
Hope you try out our service! Let us know if we can answer any questions for you.
Ten days left til summer! #Bittersweet , but mostly sweet :-)
I'd love some stickers to compliment my new MacBook!
When Hawaii Said No to Football: A Fan’s Look Back
or watch an honest film.
Tomorrow from 5pm-7pm. Sip and shop for the hump day sneak peek of spring new arrivals!
right?!?! the suggestion that they might is so insane that it makes me laugh.
...lol....no that was my girl Michelle. What's up w/ ya baby!
:)) haha, we had 3 cars & the prom itself was so jumpin'... but yeah, Hampton. You were Howard, right? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
. retweet . Follow back ? Please
My step dad pisses me off so fuckinn early !. >.<
I'm not on the list!
After 5 wonderful years in a row, have to skip XI. Work and economy driven reasons! Who's going on XI?
Brandon weedon is like 70 years old
Getn the 4 day power pump n at the gym b4 I hit to the 90 degree desert....
. fans Monday we talk to the #MenAtWork star! If you have questions please be sure to tweet them to us!
Wow! RT : "69% of people mark spam based on subject line." -
GM Tweety Pies. Getting the hair done before I hit the road with
hope you're having a fantastic day. Best wishes on your training
I want that part back. The id do everything for you part. Not the I will reject you everyday part. I just don't know. :/
Enjoy a FREE cup of coffee at Coffee Bean! MAY 20, 2011 7am to 11am in Mission Valley: 925 Camino De La Reina San Diego, CA 92108.
definitely not that nice. I bet you can get something nice in west humbo or Austin! :)
gender and sexuality identity development - exploration, intellectual, emotional, social , behavioral...
Such a great surprise to see you at #Oktoberfest yesterday! Hope you had a great time and I'll see you for that drink soon?
Dnt wanna go to da restroom but gotta drain da snake smh ugh. Was comfortable
No matter what you think, Obama is inspiring and one hell of an orator
Arguing over Facebook is the special Olympics, even if you win you're retarded.
YUM! Enjoy your lunch!! :D RT : monicals for my cousins birthday lunch
Wasn't it beautiful? I'm really missing being there!
Vabletron sees the FB stock settling in around $60 by the end of the day. Of course it could be $600, but I would be shocked.
Wise words from "'Saying believable novel' is like a motel advertising 'clean rooms'. If you have to say it, it's a concern"
Just DM me your email and I'll send you some info. Thanks.
Thanks for the #FF mentions!
complete site strategy
Because words are small...
And just like in most modern situations,the people who are harmed most tend to be ones who are already at the bottom of societys "ladder"
UK once they settle down.
I'd trend anything for you!!
Did you go to the galleria and not come back? :-)
Finishing touches for Been There Done That is almost done, should be complete by tomorrow. Hopefully off to the printers the following week.
RT I wonder if John Roberts & other SCOTUS justices have headaches from everyone reading their minds so much lately.
Emily on Sen. Snowe: I can't imagine giving up a senate seat b/c of the rancor in the chamber. Do we believe there's more to her decision?
I'm so proud of myself for having basic middle school/high school knowledge and passing the test for the hospital job.... I'm a GENIUS!
Doing laundry and watching food network. Productive * 2.
I wish I can take my ass to bed!!
RT Looking for jobs or just to enhance your career, this sounds like a powerful way to spend a weekend. --> You have no idea!!!
one more hour in this hell hole.
Just shot with a cast of 22 actors, in a bar & in the rain, for 14 hours, in 5 inch heels and jeggings. That's what I call a good time!
this is going to be a HUGE year for you and the Rage
Would you be interested in speaking at an International Filipino Summit for my organization ?
FUCK. THE. CELTICS. So lucky. I don't care what any of you say.
#ImHappyWhen someone inspired can share a snapshot that turns another person's day around when they need it most. Check us out to try. :)
Trufant is #motivated tonight!
LAUNCH!! Introducing SmashTagConcepts.com!! Now we don't have to sell out of our cars anymore! :-) W00T!
Monkey shines candy. Too hilarious. Accent, IMHO, light ;)
off to The Slap.com
yeah i am missing out.
damm you went to bed early !!
Followers - free posting of white papers; free advertising your HR business. HRResourcePortal.Com. Direct message for details.
I still haven't taken my small laptop off Paris time. I just don't have the heart to do it. I miss Paris so much!
ok maybe not suggestion you just said I hadn't done it in a while so i did it!
Get your Sacramento Small Claims documents served fast and served right! Sacramento Process Servers
Game of Thrones Book 2 is even better than Book 1. I highly recommend the series.
"lower-back muscle contusion" = bruise
Don Knezek, ISTE #Academedia conf. #GeorgetownCCT Literature teacher found starting discussion abt new book on Wiki brought new kids to fore
"Be afraid. Be very afraid." - The Fly (1986)
No, but the rest of the crew will be there.
Remember to dress your best for the Job & Internship Fair tomorrow (28th) from 1-4pm in Bender Arena.
whats up with the late night announcement!?
thanks for the tip
13th Indy 500, sitting in the infield this year.
Bearing surfaces are ceramic or metal on polyethylene for the hip replacement.
Hey, Can you get me Tickets to the moon?
": "I wish there was a more convenient way to stalk others"- The phrase that started Facebook!"
come to phillllyyyyy - I want a visit!
He said wsssp , & we watchnn Diary of a Wimpy kid
Hoping Mon-Wed goes fast and the week slows down on Thursday...in need of some beach time!
"Happy Mothers Day"!!! Who run the world? #Girls!
We've got gluten free pizza! RT Q3 #Foodiechats Something gluten free, right
Kill me when mofos try to use shit u tell them against YOU!
Fuck not having a car that works <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Please welcome Emmaa_Sheeran to the Max life
I want to go to there! “: Mr. has arranged a wonderful evening for friends, and me...”
Just printed out 3 years worth of writing. Just wrote it and never looked back. It will be exciting to see what I wrote. or disappointing?
If upper cap isn't too high, this will not be a very large problem. High earners would face diminishing marginal rates
Player scores for #Eng in their 3-0 Victory over Poland at Gresty Road.
s/o doing great, Andri! Same goes for u...
Stuck in Little Rock trying to fly past the storm to DFW. I have tix to see hit a boomstick off CJ. RT for luck Mike?
jaw knee music
you're right Churro, I'm bein' a bro. Shame.
for real! That's exactly what I had too.
Yep! Coming to the party tonight?
I like what your love meant is doing. Everyone should have clean water
William Cheeks is now talking about the importance of good credit. Basically, don't go crazy with credit cards!
hey there you are! funny how that happens. new metric coming soon. :) see you in Montreal maybe?
Open today at 3. Good day for a beer. Super Bowl Party Feb 5. Crawfish,beer and a Giants win!!
mom of triplets and twins! happy mothers day, forgive us for not saying so earlier.
See you are planning to pitch a big tent at #foxfield! Stop by one of the #REDD booths when you are there!
Rain or shine, looking forward to waiting in line w my #craftbeer bretheren on Sunday morning for #gtmw tix
Nice story last night bro. Just watched it online.
is so cutee :)
Interested about being on the Street Team? Email me:
Wondering what kind of luggage I should buy??
Working at home today with a sick boyfriend and a sick cat. Crossing my fingers that my stuffy nose doesn't turn into something more...
Happy Easter! :-)
you should be! i mean YOU SHOULD BE!! lol they make us smile!
Happy thanksgiving!
I guess today is the day I complain about technology
happy as a clam today!
OMG We Love One direction is trending yeayyyy i love you guys
sweeny todd is an amazing movie. Have u seen "chocolate" ?
My baby turned 3
no worries man, have a great Friday!
The main thing is keeping the main thing the main thing. ~ German Proverb ~
Re-dying my hair. :3
“What you are will show in what you do.” -Thomas A. Edison
I'm in Raleigh
what's more important: the best UX possible on mobile? or creating content that be easily accessed and shared without a software install?
Rooms full of genealogy nerds are the new black.
using that threat of "fear" and "guilt" in order to control others and make them believe what you believe that is at the root. Let >
Reluctant to join Twitter but here I am :/
it's alman and no is the
Former UK men's soccer coach Ian Collins is new boys soccer coach at George Rogers Clark High School
#thankateacher - Happy National Teacher Appreciation Week (May 7-11)! Thanks in advance for all that you do for students!
"What the hell does #FF mean? Fist fuck fridays?" "No, that would be #F."
Spring Formal!
Oh don't say tht. I'm actually really self conscious like I'm fat an ugly an I'm rly jealous of peppl
Yeah, I'm annoyed now that I can't undo them easily.
Mom says she's gonna decorate for christmas this week #doubtit she'll make me do it all
This is why I wish I were.
watching a movie all by myself...
I've never heard of "frozen fish balls," but the Mainer in me says it's very, very wrong.
: well put, lady.
#MyBiggestFlaw being so insecure that I let great opportunities pass by.
just passed the welcome to illinois sign!!
followed :) & fer sure.
seems like a lot of random people I follow on twitter are there. Stone Cold still was the best, by far!
Webinar? But aren't you here at the Salt Palace?
Also forgot to tell you that they had Blood Oranges! :)
Going back outside
Just made the smartest decision ever after #bikramyoga:
“: To be appearing in a Mary Brooks Beatty campaign ad this fall.” Hey! No steering!
Goodnite tweeters. Sweet dreams
thanks for sharing your dad's quote, he's not exaggerating we have lots of sizes! What a great way to start our Monday!
Playing the Agenda tonight at 8pm. How To Build A Fire and Cold Ground. 82nd and Division.
Good Morning/Afternoon!
I've tested out a few alpha apps already - I'd love to help out! Let me know how I can be of assistance.
i was ready 4the "farm character" to die. It was fun to watch it burn. Prison next and to find out the actress playing Michonne
": A second chance doesn't always mean a happy ending. Sometimes it’s just a chance to end things right this time around."
Thank you for the #FF :-)
It's gonna be a hoot watching them fall before their home crowd...
please DM your email, and I'll follow-up about sending one for review. We could overnight and get it to you by Friday
Coach Taylor GA-ed at UCF under Chizik. ;-)
That was mean:(
Had more new followers than usual recently, I think I followed everyone back, besides the porn or spam. So, hey everyone & thanks!
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing mothers, grandmothers, wives, & aunts out there. What are you doing to celebrate?
Mill's End want to remind everyone to use Light Rail, you save money and avoid traffic. Be sure to attend our next show for free LR posters.
thanks for putting the video together!
When boys look Like Justin bieber<<<<
great job tonight yarning about the tv academy breaking bad night. Good tweets for the best show on TV
#Undercutting is shitty business -- PERIOD! DJs, Producers, Engineers, Promoters, Models -- no respect for cheesy business!
come hang out with us in NYC
I'm doing p90x its intense!!!
Happy Homecoming Spelhouse family!
Can't pray for a speedy recovery. Did I say he was dying??? Lighten up. Have a great day.
Saber is an opportunist. Just like his pal Shepard Fairey. The guy is a legend in his own mind. Another Main Street Artist
If you wanna do something in art, then it would be an AMAZING opportunity. But just trust your heart, do what you think(:
Result was, people in Guam learned to emulate SANDAG. People of NC need to decide if that's what they want their mayor doing.
And happy Grand Floral Parade Day to You Too! :)
NFL football at Fatso's!
neither can I :( and I took drugs to knock me out .. twice .. maybe the third time is the charm.
The Grand Lodge has availability this summer for indoor & outdoor meetings, picnics, birthday parties and more! Call 503.992.9530 for info.
Enjoying beautiful Los Angeles- what a beautiful place. Can't wait to work with the new producer of TV Show. :)
Yes, I meant Aleks. So, is that like a time share for the bunch of you? :-) Do you make him read his books to you?
To all my followers that love TSC tweet #SAVETHECIRCLE Lets try to save TSC!!!!!
lmao tagged you twice. Oops
tell me about it.
Our tour w/ the Pink spiders hits Barrington, IL tonight at the Penny Road Pub. (Not Cicero. Sorry for confusion) come hang!
least exciting. Probably not worst.
RT : Get Gott Gourmet delivered! Call at 504-644-3512. Only thing better than our restaurant is eating in your PJs!
thank you for your support.
It's a gorgeous Sunday morning. Don't miss it!!
Lesson learned from last night: pyrex is not good to cook with on an open flame, Because that shit explodes!!
The one good thing about being stuck in the office from 9 am to 9:30 pm? I didn't have to deal with the heat all day!
Woah, just saw someone compare Herb Kohl's ownership of the Bucks with that of Al Davis and the Raiders. Not quite.
Just saw where Scott Riddle signed with the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League, Noel Devine is playing with them this year.
Great Blog post! Thanks from the teamakers.
“Paintings&poetry, music&fashion, design&dialogue, they all define who we are as a people.” Michelle Obama
please cum shut me up, all night!!!!
If you got it, flaunt it ;)
RT : There's no I in team [but there is a ME!], but there is an I in leadership! Random thought for the night. :-)
Try our chocolate chip cookies. They are the best!
Coming home - This is Zimbabwe
My friend dont think ICONIC Boyz r cool and all but when the come here they are all like"AH ICONic Boyz r here AH!!"
Don't get your twitter career ended before it begins, oh and by the way
Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person’s character lies in their OWN hands.
Thanks man! Tough to leave such a great group of fans
` Uh UH Who Is This HOE . ? #Questions lols
ah okay :D I live in LA :)
hey there. How ya been. What's been going on. Haven't talked in a while :)
Florida getting more clean shots against UofL zone than any team I have seen in awhile
yea well mixed lol
Dey av done it again o.
THX! So glad! Enjoying learning + sharing RT : Enjoying getting your updates, Halelly! :-)
can't do tomorrow, maybe next week. Let me check
ive lost count on beer runs.
#weeklyrecap: Ethics class ended at DU, 4 disability evals completed, numerous reports written, and a visit from the FBI.
What's important? "Families value creativity, safe spaces, social experiences, creating memories" FLING: A Museum Research Report
hey Anacris how are you ?
Yes, Maxwell Drew Johnson.
head ass lol
The moment when you start to see progress >>>>
The #Mets are tied for the best record in baseball! Haha but on a serious note, Johan and the bullpen looked great today.
iOS app is really well done. Anyone know if it was created in house or by a mobile agency?
Then you clearly didn't read my AWP online diary posts.
Indeed. RT : Twitter can be summed up in 4 catergories: Creators, Debators, Haters, and Masturbators.
We're on Weather Watch
i wish you were here with me.
Lesnar too probably. But oh please let them fire Lorenitis.
I feel real bad for #oomfs because i know how shes feeling. Been in those shoes& it suck ass.
Just got home today was fun :)
New sun dress
Oh hell to the no no!!
Simon Doonan gave an incredibly heartfelt and moving speech tonight at the FGI Night is Stars gala.
Acorn is pretty decent.
I just wanna go back to regular school, i'ma good person. i dont deserve to be in this place :'( lol.
Working on my production schedule now, but regardless, I'll make it happen.
Yeah, getting Google juice is nice and there are still plenty of readers like us. Next gen might be very different though
Thought you diddent have any media shit? And yes i listened to it. It was gold! I replied to ur comment on utube as well.
Stay tuned to the Facebook tomorrow morning for information on how you can win a pair of Super Fan passes for Pensacola Beach!
Is it weird that I like doing signature sheets? Maybe it's just sad. "I IZ A REEL RIGHTER!"
My paycheck is already spent before I even get it
We are based in NJ. I just DM'd you. Let me know if your interested. I am partnering with others to produce an event for Autism.
Don't bring me my phone, just call or to come get me
The boys played great in our first game! On to the semis!
Authorities believe shooting case Roger Clemens lawyer claimed steroids evidence was likely caused by UN.
your s>o>l
Defense. Try it. You might like it.
Moving most of the computational material in #Math216 to the second half of the course--not well-received by some students.
smasha! Where are you?!
Experimented with some essential oils this evening. The scent in the apartment reminds me of hippies.
At Science Museum, plenty of buried treasures - Minneapolis Star Tribune
We love having at #Workspring! Such a cool group of people doing some really #innovative things!
What's your favorite #TED video? RT or DM your 7 minute suggestions to and we may feature your pick at #TEDxAdMo!
Have a safe flight!
Just jammin to sum metal music while lookin Lik a straight up innocent chick
maybe they are Brewer's announcers. Hm! :-)
too bad places with more money can buy better players and win all the time.. yay dynasties, yay capitalism
ahha well your booty you know it big so i cant leave it behind haha
Ppl who dont wash their hands < thats so nasty & its lazy
AH I JUST FELL OUT OF MY CHAIR!!! #saysomthin IS AMAZING!!!!! AH MAJOR FAN GIRLING OVER HERE!!!!! AKLJHCLKXJFL;D
Great Gonna be another bad night :(
awe thanks! Haha (not even close!!) (:
go to bed you have school mister! lol
RT : q3 yes! Cant expect him to listen to me if I dont! James 1:19 >> Amen!
I used to have a life, until social networks were created...
Now THESE are some Women with Moxie:
“: Sky is the limit. But what about space???” the sky never ends so there is no limit
are you kidding me?
He can't make his anti-gay bigotry any more clear. [-]
Them muphukaz on Soul train back n the days dance like they havin a crack party
Hi who's this i'm on my cell lol
Great day to be.
I am updating the DNS on my site to move to a new server. If I am down today that is why. That and spite.
so , is "Mosaic" harking back to the great Blakey album or the record label (also special!) or something else?
Sis! I'm going to be casting for new #DSix series -- includes a tour & shooting with RT! RT!
occupy the vote
be in Kentucky anytime soon?
u too! Try and keep cool at the warped tour...the mosh pits will be pretty damn hot if there is any :)
where you taking classes at
One person who doesn't know his/her HIV status is one too many. Text KNOW to 20222 to donate an HIV test in
REVERB/NATION'S SERVERS ARE DOWN THIS MORNING..WELL..THIS BITES..I WAS EXCITED TO SEE THE RANKINGS..SAY WHAT?!?!? T/F/S..
All compromise is based on give & take, but there can be no give and take!!!
Thanks for the RT! No better time than dawn in city!
school tomorrow <
good (: just finished putting everything back in my room lol thank god this semester is over with
And we want to run a very engaged workshop - pls collaborate and jump in!
Faith came just in time.... this rain is in the way!
Two teens dead, another brain dead after a crash on hwy 52 @ Convoy. CHP says cars were racing on the way home from a beach bon fire.
yah it's like you hate people , and they just have that name.
unless, well...it actually is soul searching. Your cynical assumption doesn't leave room for that.
Suit/Smoking PORN! *Flails*
awww send me a pic of your baby #chickens pretty please!
me so excited to work with you tomorrow night
82 games at .317 and 26 wins or 66 games at .317 and 21 wins. Unlikely. (But I'll be there cheering)
My boobs hurt lik a muthafuckkka
“: Steven Soderbergh's 'Magic Mike' gets a release date from Warner Bros. and will open June 29, 2012. #movies”
or if of a lazier demeaner, take a brewery bus tour with us!
I like boys who like girls who eat carrots. End of Story.
- you mean "yeah! that's my favorite class!"
Can't believe I'm saying it, but I think I'm at a bar cooler than the chug.
I so wanted to enjoy tonight but staying home and taking it easy. Will eat wings however...a tradition ya know.
Hahaha! ... Don't feel alone. I have these moments ALL the time. :P
This game is going to give me a panic attack!
I'm so sure Cupcake Champions!
It's on the 29 th at 730 pm at the laugh lounge 151 Essex st in Manhattan its free please cum c me I'm very funny
you told us to come here for news about operations but no news for a month and your servers are down. 2nd morning in a row.
Off to school! 8 hrs of my life with my best friends!((((: #HOLA!
Hope we are still on for coffee soon!
My thoughts keep me up at night, so caffein keeps me up during the day
Lee DeWyze was grossly overrated and over-pimped tonight. Casey and Crystal blew it out the box!
OBAMA MUST BE DEFEATED, AND POLITICALLY DESTROYED! Somebody dig into his past! Search for evidence of infidelity on either his part,......
Next time I will!
Right on!
"Your brain should not work like a Microsoft product" -- nice line from new AALL Spectrum article on organizing your time.
So what does it mean that a quarter of my paltry number of twit followers are spambots?
Be known for pleasing others, espcecially if you govern them
RT : Boy shows Postal Museum volunteer a vintage first day cover & says "Isn't this the most beautiful stamp you've ever seen?"
Fuck it music in the rain
Size 7 is a standard size so that does make sense :) If you win & the ring doesn't fit we can help you get a bigger/smaller one
good luck :) <3
Don't call it naan bread, it's just naan!! Duh
Veggie lasagna and sweet potato fries = dinner success
People always let you down? Why don't you forget them and do something for yourself?
ha yeah lol she used to be a pro wrestler her name was lady vendetta or some shit like that
RT : The Brady Street episode is on tonight at 8:15 on MPTV 10. We appreciate feedback!
1 for the Money, 2 for the Cash... If they ain't saying #yes tell em kiss my ass.
Yes we can!
They are filming the JHU "Thank You" video on Friday, 11/18 at 1 p.m. in the George Peabody Library.
For whoever ordered Pizza Hut using Domino's number, fuck you.
"Don't be a drag, just be a queen" from "Born this way" by Lady Gaga. <U+AC1C><U+C778><U+C801><U+C73C><U+B85C> <U+C9E7><U+C9C0><U+B9CC> <U+D55C><U+B3D9><U+C548> <U+ACC4><U+C18D> <U+C5EC><U+C6B4><U+C774> <U+B0A8><U+C558><U+B354><U+B77C><U+B294>;
Seeing this weekend! Should be interesting.
can someone explain to me why we were made to wait for 15 minutes when at least 50% of the tables were open?
I would notice if the KoC stopped showing up at the top of weekday roll call.
Attorney Business Dev: Become a trusted advisor. Clients want to know you feel their pain and care about their problems and concerns.-JW
Summer is finally here! Are you ready for summer? Check out all the latest trends at www.beltsdirect.com
FREE MUSIC Promotions: Get your music Played on the Radio TODAY!
things have been crazy but I PROMISE blog review coming within the week!!!! Xo
I may put a chat room on Magic City Mayhem.com tonight for all of us waiting up for the Hatter release. Anyone interested?
Dao said he has gotten them from sources or seen them while embedded. It's like a police report, he said.
I love my hair BUT it's just all over the place lmao
RT : Sarah Palin said, "Polls are for strippers." Cute. Guess what Grandma? Birth control pills are for teenagers.
Blackbird International Corporation Announces Its Contracts With Major International Companies
The Shadow of the Wind by Carlos Luis Zafon. Spanish writer but its translated. Fabulous! Mystery, intrigue, romance and more!
Sounds like the local tweetup scene was cancelled on account of Jesus. Rochester, never change.
I'm slowly coming to the realization that I'm horrible with money and I'm going to need to start over how I approach it.
Hey Sophie. It's my birthday and can you say "Hi" to me? Thanks.
#coleg special session will start Friday or Monday
Really enjoying the format of this debate. Also, enjoying Romney's consistent criticism of President Obama.
Some bitches love getting on lous nerve bitch fuck off .. and you call yourself a directioner ?
I would love to have a day like ferris buller did lol.
RT if you are a Mahomie and you are online <3
are u a boy or a girl
Truer words cannot be spoken bout Fenway! Best park in the MLB! But go YANKEES! No worries cream rises to the top eventually
cause that's where the ratchets are at.
Recently RE-acquired Stephen Jackson () will make #Spurs debut Saturday night in Dallas on NBATV.
Packing was pretty depressing today. The rain def didn't help.
Having watched #contagion this weekend,sitting in an urgent care waiting room is making me paranoid.
Awesome finally meeting u in person! RT : Great time on today talking with about the International...
It's all over. Manchester City have won the 2011-12 Barclays Premier League title. Congratulations to them. Wait, what?
Thinking about babygirl. Wondering what she's up to today.
thnx for the feedback!
be mad at all the people killed and sorry but I don't have anything bad to say about the soldiers..not til I walk in their shoes
Parent Teacher conferences today. Great turn out...Lots to talk about.
New music tonight from Harry, Zayn, Liam, Niall, and Louis. YOU will decide if we keep the song. Listen up after 8pm!
P.S. I joined the smart phone club: switched to Sprint and got an Evo.
See you later guys still
I am watching a yacht fight.
On the way home today I stopped at the What a great soldier, scholar, and statesman.
Haha just of the jersey. I've seen too many creep stalker girls to become one. Just, ew.
hes goin home for good to work. So You better make it up by friday
Looking for a carpenter/artist/builder type who will help us build a smallish custom bakery case. Please contact me at
Nice! I don't get off the desk till1:30 so hopefully I can dash down and y'all will still have something on the menu
“: so, when are we going to get that drink?” this weekend?
Official Facebook Page is up...are you a fan yet?
me either I'm starting to get hungry lol I might go get some food
haha, I was gonna say.. that is pretty awkward!
"Justins a faggot" "how?" "Because he's gay" "how?" "He's just a queer" no one can ever answer the question..ha..
I would add "Inspired Goofiness" to core skills and abilities important to higher ed!
. by contrast, weather is predicted to be in the high 70s-so we win the weather contest!
If you could pick any one player to be on your fantasy team, who would it be?
Woot! See you in an hour.
Happy new month! Make this one better then the last! Continue to pass on positive actions. Have a great one
Golden #Birthday officially over.
Thanks to everyone that has followed me ill be sure to follow you back!!
Middle finger 2 my past
Have any idea when you'll be in Baltimore again?
Josh graces us with his presence?!!
wish I could be there too!
This game illustrates the difference between a great coach and a coach of great players.
I dare you to trust God with your life, to let God avenge you in His time, to let God meet out His justice as he sees fit.
ha, cause im a genius and all.
rt SinCity roller derby after party at The Queen Vic....hot hot Dj tearin it up 10:30
call me
Get yall ass to the SUPPER Club 2night
Hope all students enjoyed the beautiful weather on campus/in DC today! Wanted to be outside all day long!
RT You da man, Dennis. Pleasure was all ours. Awesome stuff! You can download episode on iTunes, search "jetsinsider"
I would have went insane if i would have remained the same me
It's like we're twins! lol
WHAT!?x
ah, for once life is good
Great session #designthinking on Friday!
HEADS UP: Motorcycle FHP with radar on 95 southbound inside emergency lane between Northlake & Blue Heron.
lemme find out that not everyone went in with the #OkeMadness .. smfh
RT : Life demands focus. Forget the past, its gone. Don't dwell on the future as its not promised. Focus on this step. Now. << \m/
I aint even go lie i got kiss kis in my ipod, im all about the old music lol only some of them
It's too bad he also endorses poverty.
Going to get a haircut after school for free
Happy birthday to my bestie !!
I wish I was the age I am now watching the nba in the 90s... watching michael jordan in an interview on espn classic.. love it
oh hey
Great to hear that you love animals so much!!!
my bro is ur biggest fan and would love a tweet & follow from you hun
watch our videos (;
so suppously im married twice on fb ?
road trip. Follow for details :)
Mention us OR tell your friends to Follow us, and get a promotional coupon code for 10% off your entire purchase! Isn't that #justFAB?
Thank you!!
": IM SINGING TOMORROW AT R&B LIVE!!! IN SHERMAN OAKS, CA AT 10PM!! #TEAMSUPERHERO" :( Wish I was in LA #BOOM!
hey, can I have a free pizza?
Look at Pops looking handsome!!!!
"I don't wanna go to court, got a budget for the lawyer doe huh" lol
big ups!
Today spring break ends. Hopefully we can cllean up quickly and get home.
You don’t need an exclusive broker to sell a property, but when selling off market only a fraction of the potential buyers will be reached
no! good luck with baltimore
Sleep all day!
My bed > My couch.
will y'all be there a while ?
that could be a good thing for you and yours.
Discussing of mapping place and texts; reference to work.
Sometimes I feel like an ant that got lucky and just found a huge crumb! And sometimes I feel like I dropped that crumb Then I'm just an ant
Just went hard at the gym with :)
Good morning;)
I WILL PAY YOU 50$ TO COME CUDDLE WITH ME PLEASE
Asian Invasion: CO brings Vietnamese to King
back on track in 2 days!
i wish the #braves would gone and win this game…a brother getting sleepy eye lids getting heavier and heavier
The ability of writers 2 imagine what is not the self, 2 familiarize the strange & mystify the familiar is the test of their power - Toni M.
Compatibility will likely be a problem for millions of customers...
Very nice! Thank you Adam! You have a lot more rain than we do right now!
That's what I always say when they question the blondes,etc...I laughingly say during the Crusades those guys did some hanky panky:)
My new music video 'My Guitar' should finally be finished an online this week! Pre-release screening is tonight, followed by final...
Don’t have time for a peel but want to look refreshed try a 5% Tca peel under the eye to really smooth and tighten the delicate tissue.
Keep seeing official recs to stay off roads. At 5???? And hang out in dark,powerless offices? Until?
Ok back from my dark place, time to get lifted
Since you think that it's ok for you to smoke in my face, I'll surely fart in yours jackass.
dnt forget to follow bck :D...and visit www.ykmdviscomm.com
Does anyone have a Google Voice invite they could send me?
Artist advertise on album releases, videos & shows low rates Contact Reach 35k
Sometimes you gotta read between the lines, cuz bitch niggas be throwing stones and hiding hands, but Im right here waiting on it...
can I get a R/T? Save John Dewey High School! Going back to the roots :)
Wow Pill looked Aubrey Huff-esque out there.
One thing I want you to do is SWEAT <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>IT OUT!!!
great thanks. Big time fan. Keep up the great work!
Big kiss hugs to Comedy Central for airing #hotfuzz right now!
all the pretty gurlz: follow me rite now!
#daremattg try and lick your butt?:3
RT : Welcome Atomic Koi in Madison, you can visit them at twitter.com/atomickoi or www.atomickoi.com
Looking forward to the open house tomorrow
He's all black, so it's definitely hard. lol
About time to get REALLY loud!
Chicago Doctor Claims New Procedure Fixes Cellulite with One Treatment - MyFox Chicago
which one is you?
This be that real good shit nigga I'm hi then a mufucka
no body no crime.
Come to Paddy's and have a drink with me! :)
My #MostAwkwardMoment was racing in a restroom urgently & four men at urinals turned to look at me simultaneously in shock. I'm a girl!
Thanks! Will check it out.
I hate when I get irritated at home because I'm surrounded by negative people and it just makes it worse |:
I love Bobby Hamrick. He made me tweet this.
I seriously plan on getting tickets to Smoltz's hall of fame induction luncheon and game.
RT: When u tell someone u Love them, make sure to Act with Love as well. Live with Intentional Love. ~ Lori Moreno
Come and try our Delicious Timber Joey milkshake or smoothie...where at the Hawthorne BV.
That looks so good. Do they deliver? to Nebraska?
Mia Joy Candles says "We Love You"! Hope you enjoyed every scented moment with the candle we sent you.
Good Morning!
Remember that song that goes 'Push, push in the bush!'. I've been quilting all night and keep singing 'Stitch, stitch in the ditch!'
yay I got my twitter back!
It will get better.
lmfao no not really. i just sat at home all day today on tumblr... i fail at life.
These white guys have red necks, so are they red necks
Haha omg. no.
Listen to my fun interview with Denise Albert & Melissa Gerstein this Sunday! Show begins 10AM CST on Clear Channel's WLAC 1510
not a damn thing. Just sitting around
Lump's milkshake brings all the boys to the yard.
Goin campin! So excited to be surrounded by redwood trees and the constant singing of the forest
Good Luck to all! Hopefully with our free picks you guys win some big money!
I'm already home. See you at CSF tonight!
I totally relate! haha!
no response? I guess hanging up on callers is how adults handle things
hahah one of the best bands in the world is making me cry laughing with all these damn tweets
Looking like I may have to do it next weekend. Some work troubles plus Mum's arriving later than expected. :-(
My foot is asleep.
Weather forecast for #GEEBZ looks like spring. Are we done with winter?
Mrnin world startin the day off thankin God for another day n handeling business be blessed
If you wantito receive unique letters of recommendation (rather than a general letter) then you will need to send multiple requests
I'll be in the city tomorrow night dinner possibly???
what's your favorite song?
Have you seen the new ship EPIC? If not let me know I'll send you a video! I have cabins available 1-22-11 great rates!
Startups are better off using
i dead caused a stir on your instagram...cuz i gets it poppin , sike naw nice pic doe!!!
We party hard like the mexicans on may 5th-
We are looking forward to evaluating and hopefully adding new teas to our lineup at www.teasatia.com. Have a bunch of new teas to review.
Blackmon: There are lots of ideas and values that all people agree on. Shared values bring people together, even if they disagree on others
Cincinnati should be a blast, Columbus was amazing thanks to everyone for there support and great friendships!!!!
This is not the America we used to know. So sad...
laying in bed. Wanna text?
It's not that I dislike Pinterest, it's that the legal considerations give me a massive headache.
at the gym!
Ah, yes, it should say "the majority of women under thirty WHO ARE HAVING CHILDREN are doing it on their own."
Someone please tell me why in the hell someone would open a tanning salon in an all black neighborhood?
End your day with something to be thankful for...helps you to sleep better.
there went the morning...
That's right! RT you know it!:-D I'll tell him his son-in-law says "Sup Pops!" lol;)
CASA had another wonderful White House visit yesterday!
A woman's worst nightmare is when the guy she loves stops doing the things that made her fall in love.
check me out on my page listen to a song or two lets get a song.poppin
My hubby needs a new car! I hate not having $$$! Damn government! Argh!!
Hey did you get that drink??? He's hating he saw you!!
Staff meeting, hopefully better than the rest of a very frusturating work day! Wondering what it takes....
why thank you be sure to check us out on Facebook and we have a CD coming out on march 30th :D
Happy birthday Austy <3 I hope you have a great day with people you love (: Mahomies LOVE YOU
Faces in the crowd on a rainy Wednesday night...the real Packer Dave Robinson, college FB Hall of Famer, back to see "Coach" one more time
he waited for me. He's learned patience.
Stalker ;p
aight im done... i promised #oomf & myself i wouldnt "vent" on Twitter anymore cuz the way i do is childish & im tryna grow my ass up
is promoting his product too much. I miss the classic
AND ME BEB.
#WhatYouShouldKnowAboutMe I do what I I like!
For some reason it's really hard for guys to wear deoderant. Its fucking gross. Just please put some on.
I can't believe this girl just cc'ed over twitter...
Welcome ! RT "We are really new and working hard."
#ThingsIwantTheMost to wrestle again
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. - Napoleon Hill
Worlds biggest fuck up. Right here.
Fan us for a chance to win both, the true blue romance, Sleeping love just released today & romantic sci-fi adventure, Was Once a Hero.
RT : . describing her grandfather Jacques' crew: "red watch caps, camera in one hand, bottle of wine in the other"...
is open today!!! Come and try our lunch buffet 8.95 or Dinner buffet 11.95
it's a glob team, so sadly kind of exclusive
Your smile is your best accessory ~Love Dove
If you are planning on going to the Creighton vs Sporting KC game in KC on TUE 3/13 go post on the Kommandos FaceBook page! We need a count!
Pulitzer Prize board now accepting online nominations. Welcome to the 21st century.
My little brother has a girlfriend! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
NAYA OMG -FE FAINTS-
You never met stephania??? Oxys sister? Its brutal. This is my 3rd Mothers day and ironically tomorrow is my last day. Fuck my ass
WELL, I try. xD My sister calls Harry Henry all the time and it drives me insane.
you're too good to me. Super violent bear hug to your head. Thank you.
Wish I could just stay in bed all day. But no, I decided I needed to start working out. Blah! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain. - Lily Tomlin
working on some stuff.
Faded with and niggaa jus turned 18 and can't hang lmfao BITCH MADE
Jacob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"Bcuz he is also a Very Hard worker
Right, agreed.
oh really? lol
It's not the strongest of the species that survives nor the most intelligent. It's the most adaptable to change -Charles Darwin
yes me too!!! xD
Panda Express.
#Cocaine&Caviar
Um, ding?
Thanking the universe for Tortas.
Im in a bad mood for no reason.
Off now yaay dennys ! when I'm with her my phone goes on silent tlk to y'all later Your Favorite Promoter, Shocka Shock
,haha we need to plan a day to hangout and yay! :)
TWITTER is a heavily populated city, FACEBOOK is just a vacation spot, and MYSPACE is a ghost town
Good workout but damn I know I'm going to feel it tomorrow!
what if the supe's ? wasn't, "how do i get this person to be a principal?, but, "how do we help everyone do this work?"
Thanks for the follow! Stay tuned for more plumbing, HVAC, and electrical updates
good work with the composting!
Our pleasure! :)
thank you I really needed to know tht-_-
I never thought I would know anyone so adorable that if he threw up in my face I wouldn't mind.
I feel it, I’ma smoke it till it’s done And I don’t really give a
Exactly! We are talented enought to beat any team. We have to have the anytime anywhere mentality.
so a Bjork venue. Liked it. Not used often though.
Honored to be in the number!
remember to include "wicked world"
you win.
Awww! I hope your okay :( and I do that all the time. Haha <3
still has to finish his sentence for the drug charge
Play yo role BOY!!!
pink haired girls and late night conversations.
everybody loves a Wisconsin girl!
Aside: my paper has your guy Dexter in it now, too. Surprising results.
no im NOT !
i feel weird for not having any kids in my early 30s when everyone else i know does... am i missing out on wild rivers of joy?
My sister is one ungrateful person.
Awh well still :) smile gorgeous
ignore it. if he knew you, he'd LOVE you! :)
He said details on site soon. Interior photos from Town Hall insanely beautiful.
Back in the office after a great weekend .. went and seen family that i have not seen in 21years....getting ready for new site building..
Twitter might have a meltdown today between the Peyton Manning news and the announcement of the iPad 3.
Make sure you tell him not to be a Yetman.
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late. Being late sends a negative message.
YUMMY WHOPPER!
ur cute just saying
My intern started looking into that for me Monday.
If anyone wants to buy an iMac let me know! I'm selling mine
Tf do niggas be wearing now. Outfits dont be matching and shit.
Nothing sicker than working with one of your best friends
did u see the butter cow for me?
can't believe you didn't natural flash at the end of chuck season finale.
yeah I use it more for bookmarking a la a better pinterest, but I get the issue with my site, for sure. Though so far my seo is ok
become by achieving your goals Zig Ziglar
is my favorite! Love Barbara and her team
If ur business wants to be featured in our Times Ad next week... hit me up.. Its ur last chance to get ur banner on time! ;)
and fold-away skateboard wheels RT : The toothpick/tweezers slot
It's all about the 'All You Can GRILL and EAT!'. We hope you have a good time at
PROMOTION: To celebrate our Anniversary this month, we're giving YOU $50 off your entire plan purchases. Visit www.danze-davis.com
C'mon Celts...Hawks cut the lead down to 33.
im sitting here then all i see is followed me bak omg...im just sitting here lyk -.- lucky bitches
That is the question of the day?
It feels so weird knowing I'm home and not going back to school in IL ever again. Anyone know any jobs that are hiring cute, upbeat workers?
Loving all the #Actorfest tips from and others.
Donations messaging- what doesn't work: negative messaging, saying good donations are negative, claim org is an expert
no lmao:X
Hard to remember sometimes what the sun can look like in all it's glory! Summer, we see you.
The CEO of Siemens Energy is Dr. Michael Suess. Do you think he calls Dr. Seuss a "no-talent ass-clown?"
i'm strong minded but I can't but let certain stuff effect me
so yea small balls & anger issues I guess the world balances himself
are you serious? i missed austis folowing spree.. why?
Damn, why are the entry level library jobs in flyover states? Yeah, I'm deeply biased to my beloved left coast!
I hate that #RHONJ focuses so much on weight. I think she is a beautiful young woman.
During pregnancy workouts, focus on your back to prevent or relieve back pain, and yoga for your core. Check with your Dr. first!
Big dream aka the black slash
Our state song is entitled "I Love You California." Who knows what the very last four words in the song are?
Just when I thought it couldn't get any worse now this happens. Lord PLEASE HELP ME! U PROMISED U WOULDN'T PUT NO MORE ON ME THAN I CAN BEAR
Thank you we feel the same way :). Keep up the good work and congrats again on all of your success
he should
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn’t happen today. – Laurence J. Peter.
Just sent manuscript for my new book to the publisher. Hallelujah! Glad to have that done. It's about spiritual fathers and mothers.
Suddenly rlzd that the day ull come to Spore is during our school holiday. Woo Hoo! <3for u!
Yep. Ridiculous.
I'm just sayin a gin and tonic sounds pretty tasty right about now!!!
"I got a smile on my face but that's just tears of a clown" </3
Aint no way around it.
I haven't been on here in a while
Begining of the month - time to change your safe combos. Some stores in this busy season are even requiring weekly code changes.
Ethnography? Dr. Quinn reference? I'll let you know. I'll be working on the Avkat project.
Got my speech down. Watch me just forget everything when I have to present. I'm so nervous <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
It's true, nation passed judgment on LMJ after LSU loss: East Coast voters won't shake visions of him being hesitant
bills play patriots after their bye again? It must be a running joke at the league office
Hmm. Decision seems to say that #gsu policy was not an effective deterrent to infringement, but regardless very little occurred.
Tell me when ill see ya smile again thats all i wanna kno'
you gotta try "33" and "Disarm"
Yes!!!!! Sweet freedom..last final done and over with now summer vacation at last
Morning! It's unbelievable what can be accomplished when everyone on the same page!
jeanbeautylife: Low Price Bad Elf GPS Receiver for iPod touch ...
When the past calls, let it go to voicemail. It has nothing new to say.
RT : Missed 2 wkshps but made 's prtnrwrk Class w/ Outstanding- they broke dwn tricky moves...
At Audio Grotto in Newport starting day 1 of recording!!
Thks bud RT : enjoy the game tonight
Global track chairs are there to provide continuity and are replaced when a position opens up.
Seeing iPhone users belittle android users makes me want to get off instagram anyways, keep it up
are you going to class? my phone is dead and i need my charger lol
Truth....it may be the traditional path but not the only one.
great pic..beautiful!
wherever you like! Pick the spot and we will meet you
Despite the dopeness of TDKR trailer, those movies are still TOO depressing (as are the graphic novels).
thank you for the shout outs! Much appreciated!
All the years spent at Princeton was worth it
Sleepy af! I feel bad i fell asleep on my tumblar boyfriend
Ok yeah tomorrow is Denver!!! Super super excited!!! But ahh still have to pack and get everything ready :/
hey what happen to your fb page?
yea buddy!
La im on my way home... Can't wait to get back:-)
You should never lose the aspect of friendship while in a relationship...thats when they call it marriage!
yeah homie!! We def will network
Cool. I like the idea that you'll be doing a drawing there to sell.
mention or add wveyone for $$$$$
I knew I was an unwanted baby when I saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio.
Awww Muy Bonita! You gals are amazing :D My twin sis & I admire you both.
Who would've thought I'd be going to sleep tonight #thisisnew I wonder if my bed remembers me
the language is innate. Speaking isn't. We are all born with the ability, our world slowly diminishes it. Learning is 2nd!
MOBOTIX Enhances Product Portfolio With New Cameras, Accessories
What 2 to 1? Still Need to have the races never know
Good morning to all my followers & to people I'm following.
I always meet the coolest people at poetry events.
I meant the crazy proclamation about the backstreet boys new music!
Just for clarification, 90% of my motivation for seeing this movie is the shower scene. And Zac Efron without a shirt.
Weird! I thought I did!
My left hand has been hurting really bad lately <U+E40F> what if I have arthritis
Anyone else heading to the Sundance film festival?
Sounds like a great day to me. :) Hello from S. America.
Story isn't a flight from reality but a vehicle that carries us on our search for reality, our best effort to make sense out of the anarchy
what to do-demi lovato on replay lolol oldest song ever idek
you're awesome I'm coming to visit your gym this summer!! did you see my thing about victoria day?
yeah...dope. Cats from The Smokey City Cartel were sportn ur clothes last yr in a video I shot for them.
Super response for BTS tour this wk so we will do it again. Next 1 on 5/3 at 12:30. Hope u can make it over during lunch?
She doesnt understand wat it means to be a opportunist.
Wherever my boys and goes , i'm proud of them and love to death bro
Yeah haha it's good
Strong words from Occupy Columbus today. "Banks Suck" and "Jobs". Made me thankful for my bank job.
did you realize that you are trending right this moment!
We'd love 2 help. is it too late? RT Hello ! I could use your help! Justin Bieber Charity Concert for Haiti!
Alex follow me<3
Firehook Bakery offers a bakery catering menu for breakfast & lunch, including dessert trays and special occasion cakes.
I mean I did. And apparently you did. The question is why didn't we see it together?
In flagstaff so about 4 more hours to Vegas
RIP #Junior Seau!
I'm high as fuck
4 nights off whoop! Whoop!
well this should be easy to fact check.
If you're not following: or please do so. Thanks!
Happy #Friday, #Pittsburgh!
what size u wear first?
Every day is a weigh scale to make a decision, sometimes you gotta just flip a coin BILLY BRICHITT (2nd t is silent)
Us, Today @ Kofenya TONIGHT!
Misheard lyric: she wears an Egyptian wig, it sparkles before she sleeps. Know the song?
Agree, agree, agree. Amazing gown.
RT me so I know it's real
Observation: campaign yard signs placed on empty lots, random corners or any place OTHER than a yard look kinda sad and lonely.
We are off to see the #Avengers in a bit. Can't wait. I can't wait to see what they did with the Hulk.
@ sorryluv, been unplugged for a tad. FT, totally full time. Building a team. Need good peeps. You know, good peeps.
Who's going to slice night tonight?
come see me at tonight ;)
Just got done watching that. Completely agreed.
Supposed to be meeting with a student who is in desperate straits, but he didn't show.
Fashion Fix charity fashion show; Chic Society at L2 Lounge in Georgetown on October 22, 2011.
Doing what I do best.
Stay cool today! Come to the #UMBC library for our free a/c and stay for the free books, articles, cds and dvds! Win-win!
#latin for the day - Contra felicem vix deus vires habet. - "Against a lucky man, a god scarcely has power(s)."
good morning! RT : Good morning thank you for following look forward...
My tummy is LOUD today!!!!!!
I tried cleaning therapy this morning. Felt slightly better but bugs me I didn't finish floors.
I feel sorry for people who don't drink. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day.
Stay tuned. will present the Top Photos of 2011 on Thursday.
yep ran into another one of his love children at a bar and i was all like What in the Wide World of McRichardWhitman
Good night.
1. "I’ve always taken my love for Wilco with a grain of salt" makes me so sad. Same as the myth of "guilty pleasure." Love what you love.
This year I'm not going to go all Apple-Fan-Boy crazy on Twitter about getting the new iPad. I'm going to keep it to myself.
So very true. RT Days like this make me so happy to be a Packers fan
lol nah all kendalians are cool with me
Cinco de Mayo and Derby Day together! Sounds like a recipe for excitement!
Preconf meetup nearing an end. Heading out to
Cant go wrong with the pixies :) How is your trip?
Today has been one of the best blessed days of 2012 !!! #LettingThingsGo AMEN! !!!!!
I need to run too. But hitting my p90 tomorrow. I like the ridge though
we are not on the road on Monday. We will be out tomorrow and the schedule will be posted tonight
Never made it to the gym yesterday so I better get a move on before procrastination steals the day away.
Dont get mad when a girl cares too much. You should start to worry when she no longer gives a F*CK.
The real housewives of disney was so funny!
": our music bn helping real soldiers thru real ish..."can't katchup or cut da mustard best believe Im grindin"~M-Dot"
Indeed! You can see a picture
Feeling sleepy. Must wake up. Have an appointment w P90X2 Plyocide
The things I would do to
lol got my alberforth. I'm happy :).
#frontline #money #power #wallstreet -
I'm going skiing & enjoying this fine winter weather! RT : Pack Nation: Are you guys prepared to watch the playoffs tomorrow?
#sea Using only one word, name something significant about your life today.
Start off the #newyear with a New You! Get the white, sparkling smile you've always dreamed of with help from Kravitz Dental
Yes Yes. I love you, little friend.
I don't wanna do anything today
sleeping on the beach tonight. <U+E522><U+E011>
LOL. RT : Here's what I want on my tombstone: "Please take me off of your email distribution list."
I got dumber for reading your trash. Riley never even visited Buffalo you joke of a journalist.
Don't sweat the small stuff. And remember: Everything is small stuff. ~ Funny inspirational saying ~
Smashing Pumpkins added to MFNW, That just threw a wrench in my whole schedule.
You begging her for everything but she never telling me no, i got your GIRLFRIEND ong speedial if you redial it u go be suprised
dude, I just finished season one last night. you have no idea
My opinion about you has done a complete 360 after last night/this morning
Sometimes the world just surprises you, and you just smile and enjoy it!
Who is going to the concert in Orlando?/
the cat Behemoth signs off, with "Cheers to dear friends / from a cat & other parties that shall remain nameless. To their health!"
Ok so - G Road 15s 58. Team united 47. Win Big Shots Championship!
Thanks for anxiety.
I just drank a Dr. Pepper, not diet, and ate a Butterfinger. Will I be okay??
Nice to know you hate me
RIP Whitney Houston,
I'm gonna name my child sheik yabooty.
So I was driving home from work and boyfriend came on. made me think of you.
I feel like my bf would get random hand jobs every time we make out..
67.96% of the time yes :)
Welcome to Baltimore, Kevin. Looking forward to a great year!
New solution for economic recovery, elect Tom Brady's right arm to be Treasurer. (Tweeted by the committee to see what Tom Brady CAN'T do)
Media is reporting Microsoft will pull out of CES after 2012!
joined your FF league...any prize or just banter?
Dear lady at Zacky's hogging up a table while it's busy and you are waiting for a friend and not ordering yet. You know you're guilty....
Can I like...maybe... possibly..be your receptionist for your...high heel company? :D
Our boy will be in our bed within hours...yep we allow that
I have a ticket for 5 people to go and see the rob brydon show on the 26th june, you have to be 18+ if anyone would like it let me know xx
Getting outed as a bigamist by Facebook friend suggestion ... New privacy concern?
since i dont listen to lyrics&only listen to music as a background type thing, i dont even realize but i listen to soo much christian music
oh come on, it wasn't *that* bad... Finally gave Leo a reason to overact.
You underestimated my game and doubted my skills
When you want something done right, I guess you've got to do it yourself.
Why do I like this spanish song so much? I'm not a beaner! I'm not a dirty beaner!
Committed still. The guest speaker was dope today
I share what #Inspires me! We all inspire each other, I love the "We" of our program. We are never alone! Keep sharing, you Rock!
Pls tell me how you get to claim "self-defense," when you pursue someone with a 9mm gun & kill them in cold blood?!!!
Even a man who is pure at heart and says his prayers by night, may become a wolf when the wolfsbane blooms and the autumn moon is bright.
Coloring Games for Girls and Kids : Kids Games Online Free
I refuse to watch,it's precorded. haha jk jk I just kinda wish he hadn't Ustreamed at all.
I got it. I died laughing when I saw the formality of the email and pictures. I will forward to our VP. Thank you!!
In the academy, we act like we don't have bodies, but we do.
#CanYouLetMeKnow ahead of time whether or not if you are going to waste my time.
June is just the cutest.
Looks like I'm gonna have to work the waiver wire
Awww... Baja chicken..chipotle sauce some yummy BBQ sauce...
Well played
i cant wait to see Monday Night Raw....
HALLOWEEN COSTUME PARTY!!! - October 15th - Halloween Costume Dance Party - 21+ $5. - 815 V Street - Backbar
playing new 311 "Sunset In July" this afternoon
I filleted my petrale sole last night with your help (about.com)! Thanks!
Play ball! The Albuquerque Isotopes' first homestand of the 2012 season kicks off on Friday at Isotopes Park. Who's going to the game?
We watched the movie 'The day after tomorrow' yesterday. Very apropos with the storm. Except when the wolves started chasing people around.
You know how Draymond Green has been at MSU for 9 years, well Tim Duncan has been in the NBA since '78.
#YouUsedTo be there for me, and now when I need you most, you're nowhere to be found.
Recommend me some good movies to watch :)
Time shared is the most precious and valuable we have together. We cannot keep it, but only slow it down. Like sand running thru our fingers
If that's the case then yes, tricks it is. I'll practice new ones for more entertainment.
Chinese, Japanese, what are these? Christmas tree's
lucky I wanna meet Elise soo bad
EEk! Hope the day improves - Treats coming your way!
Tuesday night in #PDX. Who has the best #HappyHour? www.broadwaycab.com
Man, I wished I would've took a picture of that man in his uniform.
I probably would, yes.
Passing the torch off today.
sorry bud, gotta unfollow you til you change that avatar.
Bryce Harper on the way to second after his first career double, rips his helmet off.. to run faster?
YOUR cool can you please follow it would BE LIKE THE BEST DAY IN MY WHOLE ENTIRE LIFE AND I SWEAR...........<3 <3
You must have been there, Nancy. I was a Nemov fan growing up, thought he handled with class (from what I saw on TV).
Larpers with light sabers in Washington Square Park. Oh the simple pleasures.
thanks. Big one tomorrow to advance to the Final Four.
Thank you to everyone who showed their support and made tonight a success! We had a great time!
I will be in Lawrenceville, aka #HIPSTERVILLE, so if you see me, say 'I'm #gettingitdone and you might have a #CoorsLight coming your way.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. 0- Chad Timothy...
aww hell yeah man, if were not out in colorado enjoying the powder
Jammin that "legendary flow" while sketchin these urban dreams, and blowin on that stank.
Jr Seau shot himself?
I hope all my peoples are staying hydrated in this crazy heat!!! Don't underestimate it!
The ScholarCHIP deadline for children of incarcerated parents has been extended to Mar 15! Spread the word to DC youth!
$Discount$ K2 Rant Pro Audio Helmet 2012 | K2 Snowboard Helmets
thanks for the Better Wine Guide #Happy Hallowine mention! Have a great weekend!
just unsubscribed from the Travis email list I signed up for when I was 16... g'bye to Fran and the gang! :p
I just realized I left the meeting to take a nap... Lmfao
Thanks for the RT!
on today from 1 to 2
Love how he challenges the idea that only those who can think like a computer are good programmers.
two days late
Genuinely interesting folks worth a follow
Alyssa-PLZ!!! RT :Alright followers, is back from dinner.Let's retweet ths msg & she if she notices. *evil grin*
studying logic at the blind pig w/ a duchess and an amazing pianist waxing jazzmatic. good subject, good beer, good jazz
The weak give in the strong succeed.
ha! Don't freak me out like that :)
they told me the whole description
Hey man thanks for the follow! How did you start out your band, what's the story?
I have done two national commercials with no rep. Was wanting to set up a general with you.
Lorem ipsum generators need to cool it with the "molestie"
I thought you wanted the sausage link? it will be the same kind of train.
yep! how could u tell? lol I'm a free-lance photographer still building up my experience & portfolio : )
wow! just moved eight inches of snow off the driveway. Another foot to come tonight...
The train bells in #PDX are a simulated bell. It sounds really weird.
Follow me so I can inbox you.
Thoughts and prayers go out to the family and friends of Thomas Hecht. R.I.P
madonna didn't do horrible but it could've been better
Whoa. Stage moms and dads EVERYWHERE!
Happiness is not a future event. -Joe Fortenberry
Going to hang with daaaa boys and my girls at brown park. Then, Kayla is coming at 10:30 tomorrow morning. (:
Gave speech today using Pages and found scrolling distracting. What app suggestions do you have for speaking from your #iPad?
Dignity is not negotiable. Dignity is the honor of the family.
I think #Clippers enjoy these trail from behind early starts
Not my day
": lol!!"N then Rudy ate 2lbs of chicken fajitas. Lol!
Have any fun events happening this week? Tweet them at us we will retweet!
oh aight lemme wear your sweats!
All I want in my next life is to be a Texas high school football player going to State.
aw man that must have been a hell of a show!
thank you sir!
my answer is, think back to the last time you peed or pooed out an ice cube.
Our website is temporarily down! Please bear with us as we fix the technical snafu.
making t-shirts. gonna sell them, making my own business :)
omg christina got her permit. jersey shore time <3
Guess jazz will be in the house tomorrow sleeping her night away ! :/
Nick Johnson wouldn't even be the best player at Calvert Hall High School
I can't wait to watch that 12th regular season game where playoff-bound Team A rests its starters against non-playoff bound Team B!!
As I plunge into day4 of the quiche & mimosa diet, I'm realizing it's not so much a diet as it is a lifestyle commitment.
That's exactly my thought/fear.
right on, I'll see it eventually :)
Marvelous Monday Special -1/2 off ALL bottles of wine and champagne! Bring a friend!
cool RT : lemme know if y'all wanna get a tee too I'm gonna email for quotes!
Subscribing to my eNewsletter is now as easy as texting COACHBRU to 22828
We're glad you love it as much as we do! Thanks for the praise & God bless
Neosporin? Netflix? Yeah, I'm thug, whatevs.
Pedophiles ruin it for van drivers who really do just want to give out free candy.
Opening the Garage Jason Evenchik (Time, Bar, Vintage) goes before the city Zoning Hearing Board on Wednesday with his plan for The Garag
All kids need is a little help, a little hope and somebody who believes in them. -Earvin Johnson
I'm right here!! Hey ^_^ RT Where my cute homie at....havent seen her tweet today
That..edge of the seat.. feeling I get when I see my phone light upp.... Hoping it's you.
Looking for a gluten-free meal? Stop in today at Los Equipales Restaurant for lunch and ask us about our gluten-free options!
FML!! If I start getting random calls and d!ck pics I'm gonna kill u! RT I did ... I thought
Someones #Silence is something you dont wanna fuck with....
Tag Match
awesome! we'll have to chat about project mgt soon! and, i would love you to meet Imogen ... be forwarned ... she's 100% octane!
no you isn't!!!
How long does it take to get hot water from the sink if your are from #Alaska?? does anybody know??? it takes 10min here
He says all the right things at exactly the right time
So fucking annoying.
And yes, that is a 100% legitimate question I need answered
Damn im still up aint been sleep yet
Sharing sympathy for friend , on the passing of the music genius #DickClark, he was a true innovator in the field. ^TR
Chucky Cheese is just a casino for the underaged.
just tried scheduling and posting, neither worked. Same error message
Chris Kreider is filthy
I totally want Natalie's talent. Although I'm afraid I wouldn't like what my cats have to say about me. :P
Yeah, the tourist thing would bug me... LOL
Dwight, welcome to twitter :-)
John Cena bout to get in that ass
Cleaning the birds' cages. Hey...that's TWITTER LITTER!! Bwahahha! (sigh)
Coming up at 7:15 - Our financial expert, Alison Gilman Aquino will be here to talk about Social Security costs
Hi girlfriends sister!
Hey, thanks! :)
I dig the idea.
RT ": So their meant to be.."
just did :)
Really great job on the Ozzie piece. Wish you were still on the Sox beat.
You hella sexy
but he's being totally sarcastic though
You are truly a team player and we as Ravens fans would be happy to have you here next year.
I See Dead People
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school. ~Albert Einstein
Wow that's pretty cool. Where did you get that one?
via it's escuela for school :D
TODAY WAS CRAzzy
NEW TRACK IS GOING TO BE POSTED ALL OVER THE NET TONIGHT... Check out www.URSession.com They support local bands the right way!
The Cleveland Cavaliers lost their 24th straight game -- a 111-105 defeat to the Portland Trail Blazers on Saturday night -- a new record!!!
I am starting to get really bored with all my hmwrk
just kidding me wuv you
If the Doritos Locos people ever experienced the agony of mental illness they wouldn't make light of it
People are prostesting wildwood BBQ. But why? The corn is so good!
Like the Beckham story, makes sense. Still you can get somewhere faster in car than you can in a horse n buggy. Balance right?
#KFC amazing 'can do' attitude at KFC Gaedendale, Al. Gen. Manager said:'what do you want? I will make it happen!' Great service!!
GOD BLESS
Forgot to mention that I was using my phone's GPS. I guess "using" a phone while driving is illegal, but are there loopholes?
the Orleans Arena for the Desert Autogroup Used Car Supersale, when you get there ask for the Desert BMW stores for help. Don't miss out!
it always is! And it will probably be what ties my comparative dissertation together. A litmus test of sorts.
love that song. Time to turn on the music!!!
Very important things happening here tonight..Meetings & Gatherings. Volunteers Galore. Also, there will be pizza.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!! I hope all of you have an amazing one!!
is there any ariana posters in the latest issue?!? :) I love her,and your mag!
Does Dopamine Explain Why Slackers Slack?
Someone teach and I how to line dance. #Puhhleaseee<3
What to do with my hair today... Idea's???
I have a twitchy eye & I feel like a pirate!...AAARRRGGG!!!!...Why do I want to capture Peter Pan?
That's OK Elaine.....we all ridicule him too! ;0)
"I'd be happier if you were sadder." - inarticulate director or really bad boyfriend
One of my screenplays may have found its way into the right hands.
Make way
Why is it that I always get invites to fun sounding events at conferences I'm NOT attending?!
So what? I don't get a goodmorning text anymore.. Ok..
Now I'm rather glad I decided to fly out tomorrow for
RT : Chapman is so dirty.
driving through Mississippi ! Thought of you!
almost! 5 feet of snow at the top made me turn around. The falls were worth it tho
"Wake op fishy" -Darla ^-^
Porn films should probably just be categorized as romance comedies.
SMASH! Yes! IVY GO DOWN!!!!! She kills me.
Congratulations on the new gig. See you at !
What is watching? Did he just say Miami has composure, getting fouled a lot and not complaining? U kidding me?
Dang the giants. Ugh I wanted the patriots to win.... Anyway GO BEARS!
Last day working at the psych office and the last thing I need to do to get a masters!
illegal cab?
bout to qo bak to sleep after i walk my brother to the bustop
school tomorrow...
No idea!! Haha.
it would depend. Were they local? ; )
instead i choose to fight with my pen and my notebook.
Is not feeling the donate to Barack Obama because it's the FLOTUS's birthday.
YouTube! It works! Finally found a patch that works for macs. I will never have a life again. (Send me those meme-y linky links.)
“: "What do you call a seven foot duck?" hahaha i needed that right now”= ^__^ hahahahahhaha
yeah I do. Don't you remember how hard I tried to get you that way? Lol
No Church in the wild...
Misty morn reflection: Before the day hits - what is really important to do with this precious slice of life in front of you?
Espresso Profeta and 's Lemon Cakes, making Monday afternoons awesome since right now.
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! UP TO 65% OFF!!! EVERTHING MUST GO !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
My ears are ringing. Hi there! Sad to be missing #leadershipchat w/the fab Flying solo 2nite :(
wish I was still going to formal with tonight but since I'm "unwanted" at rucker, have fun everyone.
Thanks for following #RVA #history lover!
Lard might be alright in moderation- I just would not eat a lot of it
cool!! I'm editing, should take me a few hours, so look for it tomorrow morning!!! :D
Love the article. I heard M Monahan at Marquette U deliver a similar critique of the language of "privilege" at a conf last fall.
Your imagination is your preview to life's coming attractions. ~ Albert Einstein
craziest and good memories. especially in that house ! and um i dont rememberr lol.
thanks for the shout out
I am a bit disappointed with my time 4:48 (unofficial), but I am happy that I ran and finished the Marine Corps Marathon.
If you're a MKE Co worker and if you or a family member seek mental health services, your copay is about to go up 1000%.
it depends on what features it brings and if it takes any features away from regular
i'm going to paint a masterpiece at the new space in #dupont tonight - can't wait
what's up??? How u been? We gotta meet up soon
Students looking to book flights to #paris & #madrid for the fall semester - try for discounts!
Bitches think its okay to be hoes cause they in another state, shit come around here with that shit.
clutching a print book?
“: Blue eyed people study better & Get better grades than Brown eyed people.” <<<<heck yea!
Started reading. Got inspired. Started writing.
the snow is so pretty XD
Herbert Clark Hoover~ When there is a lack of honor in government the morals of the whole people are poisoned.
so tired from church but I love going there
Thanks for the birthday wishes fam!
So little time left being a college kid. Things are starting to become very surreal.
Unless my data usage changes drastically, I'd be happier to pay $30-35 for a single shared 2GB plan.
Bout To Watch Tv & Stretch My Leg Out .
#PopularInThe90s The painful tumult of adolescence and also slap bracelets!!!
Totally Rocked Out Cosmic Charlies, we hope you enjoyed it and hope to do it again soon!
You're no good for me,but baby , I want you,I want you.
hm....hit me up when you get off work later girl! I got you(;
#FF intriguing individuals
Santa, coma patient, my usual dates...
eh I'm alright I guess lol, what about you?
Wtf , he just woke up looked at me & then went back to sleep.
All chains! Find a Ham's Restaurant or Cook-Out!!
Ight I guess Its Time To Start Goin In On This Twitter Thing.... So Her We Go!! My Life.
worked at Ihop... lol can't picture that.
ohh soo happy for my eveymae who just landed herself an official boyfriend :))
4. She hires and trains the shelvers. But several of our shelvers are still shaky on the alphabet after training.
I loved giving out #acting and #modeling information during the event. Hope we work together in the near future.
I've hit them all, even had cheeses from Green Dirt Farm. Woodyard is a hidden gem (or it was).
If you are at the hand build bicycle show in Austin right now - swing by the Bronto booth. Slap David and Todd a five from Kung Fu.
has the best costumer's thanks for your support on facebook about our in "best men's clothing"!!!
how do you overcome the 2k person following limit?
she's used to disappointment
idk dude, I like the music but I just feel like it's becoming less and less about talent. I'm talking all music as a whole too.
I hear that. It's hard to make time sometimes
": Big News Today!!"
Hey - "Devote today to something so daring even you can't believe you're doing it." ~Oprah Winfrey
my favorite quote
Thanks for following ! Looking forward to tweeting!
Thanks for the support. Hope I can make your day better
- Thanks for the sign. Just in time for our house concert.
So true! RT “: One of my favorite sounds is my sleeping child.”
Almost completely installed, all the Marimekko pieces are bright and lovely!
u da funniest! :D
Means you don't know how to spell could. RT cud mean nothing but tebow was running routes pregame. orton and quinn were throwing.
Are you serious? UGH!!!!
Making a fanbook for the boys when I meet them in May. RT if you want to be listed under "Follow These Directioners" (Must be following me)
lol oh.. you know i dont get this twitter thing, hahahaa.
no because in stay in Scotland! :(, you? <3
This day in Civil War history... 63: Skirmish at Lick Creek AR 65: Francis Preston Blair Sr. tries to negotiate peace with Jefferson Davis
Love the way lie
I support this
I'm so happy my hubby didn't keep his gender under wraps.
yeah! We met a ton of awesome couples. Hopefully we book some of their awesomeness.
what time does show start? are going!
Hey Everybody <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
": Jealousy is just a type of insecurity"
Ho! Ho! Ho! Today, 10 am, detouring off Vegas Strip with 10,000+ Santas on the Great Santa Run ~ Great cause & lots of fun!
Depends on if you're looking for craft beer available in Mn or just from MN available in other states.
An HOUR at just to sign up for Gamer Club Unlocked. An HOUR just to get an extra $6 on a trade. HARDLY worth it.
and with you Civil Wars # 8 in iTunes Right now For ;60 spot, amazing!!!
Never watched that show....need to! Is it on HBO?
This guy is the cutest! Is he yours?
Follow Me??(:
Parents of missing Madeleine McCann believe she will be found alive - Fox News
Since I was a little girl, I've always put sliced bananas in my chocolate milk.
We all have our bad games. We just gotta learn from our mistakes & try to improve on them.
hahahah. Better not be messing with my girl Ashlee
Will Latoya get fired? Or Gary? Can't go wrong either way! We love Celebrity Apprentice!
it's back.
Hi Interesting article! Do you think #tech based #learning enhances #learning among students?
The only thing that separates us from zombies is the man-eating thing with us as a people is only figurative LOL
Appt got rescheduled I hate when that happens
Great idea. The word "documentary" is synonymous with "boring" for many. Terminology should be similar to books.
B R O O K E books an editorial for Your Wedding Day magazine!
nd ill add them to our gallery! :)
never stink up my new office with your nose.
We'd love to chat about how we can help w/ the California college tuition & accessibility challenges.
make Liz wear a bow, im dead serious right now.
Great job, Danny. Sounds like you were tired on the last game, though.
yessir!!!! Thanks for coming out bro
I'm down what time u know im coming
Number 4: Ethiopian Queen : The well fed ones though...
we do not yet have an Android app... iPhone only for now
Thanks for the link. I appreciate it.
Join #ICA on Feb 13, 3PM @ St James Cathedral 65 E Huron, 4 Morton Gould’s piece Benny’s Gig 4 Clarinet & Double Bass a great musical gift
you look like a monkey in your picture
I use it to save my Instagram photos to Dropbox & notify me when new movies are added to Netflix instant.
Wow u have alot of girls tweeting ya! LOL
#LT pass out
A big score is simultaneously reinforcement to stay off cigs,and an excuse to let your guard down. One of them good problems!
There's definitely a dangerous feeling when you're in love…it's giving your heart to someone else and knowing that they have control
Heartbroken but shouldn't be.
Yeah, I remember them not being that great a few years back. I think next year could be their year. I like Spallina.
Photo gig = looking up fake blood makeup recipes and gathering supplies for torches.
thanks for the money popz!!!
thanks have a great day!
#smallbumpvideo Loved it! I wasn't sure what to expect.
Lovely goal.
I just finished a 4.61 mi run with a time of 55:03 with Nike+ GPS.
so, you're going to the Tibbs wedding, right?
TGIF Fitness! Xo
Registration for the Wild West Veterinary Conference will be opening next month!! Keep your eyes peeled for details!
I wish safety to all those in the path of the hurricane!
would you tweet something already?
Hi Gregory. Nice to meet you & thanx for the invite. I'm in Charlotte, so I won't see the show, but I will give a listen!
Who else is running the #LaJollaHalfMarathon this Sun w/ ? Where's #TeamFletcher?
Hurricanes mad cause I make it rain on chicks, and the Tornados is piss cause I spin more whips.
drink the Starbucks now and the energy drink at lunch. Brilliant(: TY!
Damnit I am such an emotional eater.
No i didnt know that
Building the set of Top Dog Underdog will be a hassle this weekend -_-
This year seems Valentinier than other years, for some reason.
,and more will be in the spot!! $5 Drinks allnite!! Security by X-Men!! So No bs This Way!!! VIP Sold Out!!! This is gon bang!
My mommy is supper happy today she got a cake .. She got new everything and her FAV seafood. She's just super happy n that makes me happy !
like the 40 miles, nice work!
RT : #ShamrockTheSquare #BkSq SAT 1-4p. Music, dancing, kid's crafts, photo booth, cold brews, marketplace & MORE $5!
IDK about you, but I love this city!!!
I really feel like wtf sometimes..ugh making sense of everything that is makes my brain hurt sometimes..
At institute nothing better then a student cutting ur hair
: sorry but I have a no chocolate left behind policy!
why grow a 'strictly ornamental' pineapple? my mom & i were 1st elated, then disappointed, finally puzzled seeing one @ garden ctr this wkd.
I'm so excited to be joining the MHPN board!
Good morning today not school
I'm going to the Freedom party... in NYC!! have fun tnt!!
Yoo u rolling through on Thursday?
The best way to see a person is not to look at him/her
"All eyez on me like I'm ready to die..."
me and jordynn woke up late this morning !
He asked me to be he's Valentines..
William! William! William! #DWTS U can't beat those #Latino moves baby! We sexy as hell! And can move our hips like NO others! ;-)
Just live your life!!!
Using and all in one day. What a fun adventure. cc
Everyone on my high school reunion facebook page either has kids or is bald & I can't remember most of them. Now I'm afraid I'll break a hip
I'm sorry im not the most beautiful the most popular,the smartest,but that's who I am and if u really<3me you'll stay
I love The Bloggess!
swat a hoe when ya see one spreading her legs around, just like a fly when ya see it flying around.
Cold world no blanket out here for real.
sounds like you had a good trip! Let's connect when you get back into ATX.
Thanks for the RT. Are boomers serial entrepreneurs?
Okay, feeling good about where I'm leaving the design for the night. And now back to the code.
OMG THANK U FOR GIVING ME A HEART ATTACK.. I ALMOST DIED.. OMFGG.............I THOUGHT U WERE BIEBS.. EFF...
This is my final goodbye, to that person inside me who always told me I would never be worth marrying. I can wait for happiness and I will.
Time is ticking! Need help filing your #taxes? Stop by and see me at 804 Webster Street!
Fuck you, glasses on my face.
Hey go follow she follow back,!
Standards higher than kites.
Lets hear it for our Philllies!
what the hell is this one!!?
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 14
k. am making things lively in here..wanna ring twitter doorbell and see if he wants to come out & play :D
I heard there was thousands of mavs tees in the parking lot last night after their loss. No respect!!!
"The essence of philosophy is that a man should so live that his happiness shall depend as little as possible on external things."...
Single is the WAY to be..... fuck that am MY own BoSS.!!!
let's go!
Agreed. Album of the Year?? RT : #StrangeClouds is so so good. B.o.B is one of my favorites right now.
Good shit man! Thats prolly why you dont have a tour date for a whole month. Crank out that fire hommie!
good day D hope all is well.
What you Speak you bring to life. What you bring to life you have to live with. You and only You are the Architect of Your Future.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 344
Share the delicious boozy love! Recommend all your FB friends to like Lush Confections!
Glad to hear! We'll have to compare notes. RT I was just at Firing Line this past Saturday… ;)
PECIAL PRICES ! WE BUY GOLD,SILVER,TRADEINS WELCOME! HAPPY VALENTINES TO ALL ! WE LOVE OUR CUSTOMERS ! STOP BY FOR FREE GIFT,MENTION TWITTER
It's a shame about ray and eating lemonheads
Happy Birthday Betty White <3
My jaw is still on the floor. RT Jesse?! Wth is Christina smoking?
Meant to re:running team before. I'm unfortunately not the runner; lifetime knee problem, no running dr's orders. Wish though!
u shld txt me :)
Freaking out
"drummer Omar <> suffered what M*** called a 'self-induced health-related concern' that made him unable to perform with the band."
We are not in Dallas but we still love watching J. R. !
I love my boy
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe People who don't practice what they preach!
"The Falklands thing was a fight between two bald men over a comb." Jorge Luis Borges
My friend, we have just Lo-jacked the janitor
Why don't w have such amazing architecture? Stan.hvd andgeeks
Everyone is going to the beach today
someone has hacked your Tw, Jessica, I'm getting spam and malware attempts from your account
Leading a project called Together: creating opp. for underprivileged kids to work w/mentors for better edu. Is that so bad?
When will u host ur live chat? Hope u notice, thank you ariana for planning this! We love u always! So thankful, xoxo<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
latkes in red square starts now!
": being completely honest, I don't even care what I look like at school anymore #noonetoimpress #endoftheyear"what hppnd 2 nick
Im tellin u i think so highly of u that i want u to be the mother of my children??? Is that not a wonderful compliment???
Go home, come back to school, finish this paper and work out
Nice cool morning at Purdue!
I love Jackie
It's a miracle: I'm on the bus on the way to work before 9am. So naturally the bus just broke.
Game 7. 1 goal game. #becauseItsTheCup It will be laid on the line by both teams. ILovePlayoffHockey #Rangers caps
it's not too late to vote for us to win 10k from Pepsi. text 110321 to 73774 and vote online at www.refresheverything. com
Hehe I'm not messing with Kristen
Follow back :)
“Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.” -Dr. Seuss
You met him ONCE. He "flirted" with you. It's called being nice to a fan. That's really all .
Many thanks, Anita! Its great to connect with you here, too!
Woah. I need to know.
Awesome church today!
People who try to make you feel sorry for them cause there moving.. I don't care. Just leave please.
At the ORU Board of Trustee meeting in Tulsa. Amazing team. Good things happening at ORU!
Let me know if you need a mix for your new record.
so I'll be in Tyson's corner for Training April 29-May 4, stayin n DC Til the 6thC u the 5th?
I street
homemade fondue
Thursday: Beef Shows, 4-H Horse Show, 4-H Goat Show, Premier Showmanship Contest, Cheese Auction, Cheerleader Expo & Milk Chugging Contest.
so excited to be working with you!
oh no you should of had a cellhelmet!
2012 is going to be an awesome year for EWC! Be sure to come in for an awesome sweepstakes and promo coming soon!
oh yeh. Melo pretty close to us. We're gonna win this game.
Did you know they put like beetle stuff in their strawberry drinks to give it the strawberry color?
In honor of today, 3/14, I need to get some pie. Where can I find the best pie?
When you truly love someone, you have to be willing to sacrifice things you love. After all, the best things in life aren't things at all...
i hear u the fans and support r what keep us going! Thank u for taking the time to respond I kno ur busy :) keep in touch
I finally got my cake de tres leches!!!
I saw #Babygirl. Very good movie. Solid acting, interesting premise/story, good production values. I'd reccomend!
Ive spent so much time trying to fix your life that I forgot about mine ..
CARE about #Poor people. U may be broke AGAIN!
#iknowateacher who showed me how to believe in myself.
RT Chien-Ming Wang plans to make his next rehab start Thursday at Harrisburg.
Or?! There can't be an or. Make this happen
NOTICE to all dads on mothers day: Uh, washable markers don't wash off immediately like magic. Signed: the dad w/ the blue son.
Thanks to all our followers. Checkout out our site if you need Designs or just want to connect. Looking forward to communicating.
It was really fun!
Thanks! #FF writers and book folks,
To paraphrase Rumsfeld, you go to the election with the candidate you've got...
Had a dream last night that my friend and I pissed off a Polish factory. Hilarity ensued.
I love how u always have something positive to say!!
i just wrote "can be knowed"
Within 10 miles of Downtown Portland, Oregon Convevntion Center, Portland International Airport, and the Portland Rose Quarter.
Almost finished with the wrap-up for FLUX., any do-not-miss #BostonArts events going on this weekend that I should be sure to include?
Listen to Mistletoe love that song <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
No doubt he's in the starting lineup. RT : quick poll: Rondo: out for the season or geared up for game 4?
I know!^o^
Your brilliance is your message. Speak it. Live it. Get into it. Have a spectacular #womanifesting week. Let's go!
I love emailing friends your advice column&having them reply,"You made my day!".
Woman aggressively screamed: SHALOM at me - whats wrong with DC
Oh yes shoes and nail polish too !
DIAMOND-TIP MICRODERMABRASION FACIAL services now up at Thread and Sugar! What are you waiting for? Call us @ 559-761-0669 for appointments.
Even a clean bill of health never stops coming due.
NICE... I meantto write "it's sounds nice." lol
Oh, it is. Join us!
Finally heading home after long day at work...
I'm still baffled as to why Thabeet only played 10 minutes, Flynn 18 minutes but Felton got 34 minutes in a #Blazers blowout by the
Happy Birthday!!!
Every day is Cinco de Mayo when you are Uncle Joe Biden.
RT : Customers want to be treated right the FIRST time says
yeah we said hello briefly. He had to eat lunch
Childish:D
bro, we need to spice up that website... Gimme a holla some time
#askharry how long does it take to do your hair? my mom wants to know xx
yes, was in the middle of one when the powers that be pushed for a TV pilot n script.
www.facebook.com/Envy.Protege.Designs <3
If you're to build your own practice start with a business plan: potential clients, competitive advantages, identify the challenges, metrics
What I love about teaching: Gone two days and the other 1400 kids and teachers in our school plow on. Gotta get back on that horse and go!
Chillen at lumber liquidators waiting to some stuff... I guess it doesn't matter if you call and let them know you are coming to get it.
"One of the most amazing things you can learn in business and life is humility." Ursula Burns Xerox CEO
Tomorrow = all day coffeeshopathon.
I do enjoy Photograph & Hit me with Your Best Shot, but I only remember 1 80s relationship that inspired #that reaction lol
I'm changing the rulebook.. *members may hump the other runners if they look similar to any of the One Direction boys"
Omg in love with new icon<3 A++++
Just when I think my opinion of humanity can't get any lower. Shit like this happens.
Good luck with your phone interviews #JMS581! I was in ur shoes-trust me, you'll survive...but it sure ain't easy : ) Don't get discouraged!
's closet.
In what sense? If it's that odd, I'd be tempted to ignore it.
skulls and rayguns and froggy with umbrella.
Ain't you the cutest little Beiste?!
#cowboys legends Drew Pearson & Michael Irvin has confirmed 2 attend Ballin With The Boys Celeb/Charity BBall gm May 31. 4more info->
No. Avocado is not a joke.
Snowed in & working on our new website, surrounded by boys playing Legos & girls playing Dance Central.
Phenomenal practice this weekend. Sounding better than ever, and we can't wait to show off what we've been working on!
MUSIC VIDEO: Lil Jon F/ LMFAO – “Drink”
Ovie/Holtby > Markakis/Reynolds. Oh well, just go win tomorrow O's. And suck it New York.
#Boss is such a great show, basically a gritty Chicago style West Wing on amphetamines
so true
If you can't SAY it in front of your Mother, don't POST it on Facebook or TWEET it on your Timeline
PREVIEW today of "Rock in Her Pocket" presented by $7 tickets. 4:30pm I would love to see you there!
Second round
Amen! Their kid lives are being taken away. They need to enjoy these years...
That awkward moment when you realize the quy that u were with is not really a quy.
I'm gonna #prayfordemi even though i'm not a big fan and even though I don't exactly know what's going on rite now... good look...
My best friend is quitting orchestra. The only reason I stayed was so we'd have one class together :(
Fear makes problems look and feel bigger, while actions cut them down to size until they are solved!
When your partner is just as freaky as you >
Prediction: The 4 team CFB playoff will give way to an 8 team playoff in 2017/2018, amid complaints over unfair treatment of teams left out.
when you get back on Monday, you're teaching me Spanish. I call.
thats awesome:) none of my friends use twitter lol:p so where u live?
too bad you're not on this season of fringe! Last Fridays episode was AMAZING!!!
big night hey?!
Santorum would like everyone to pray away obamacare!
What's your favorite pasta dish?
it's a sit and spin. It's really for my niece but I used to play on one when I was a kid!
The space! Lots of room to cook tons of meat and the efficiency with the DigiQ is amazing!
#TheGrove on Mother's Day = bad idea!
thanks for reaching out! I very much enjoyed your words yesterday.. Hope to read or hear more of your talent soon =]
I could really go for some Mozzarella Sticks from , they are AMAZING! Best post #Brewers game snack
how many of you picked Lehigh in your first bracket???
Well, it looks like I gotta get my machine singing beautiful songs. Pronto!
I'd like a large pizza. One slice pepperoni. Once slice cheese. One slice...
How will you get to the Go Go Green 5k? Sometimes you just need a car...Thanks for sponsoring the race! (car sharing = green)
Using google forms to gather info re: student peer assessment for team presentations. Good way to gain data on participation!
I can't wait. They all look so pretty.
Why am I afraid to lose you when you aren't even mine?
Aw, thanks for the vote of confidence We'll see what happens!
“: Why does that bother me so much though?..”
First #akla12 celebrity sighting: Eric Estrada on our flight. I saw him asking for librarian autographs.
We're about to kick off the Official Kickstart After Party! Hope to see everybody here!
I so LOVE Howard Stern best episode I've seen in a really long time!!!
Good luck on the FCAT (y)
Hopefully no one sees this tweet...I kinda like #partofme by
spoiler alert: Dumbledore dies in the sixth book.
Idk what to get right now...
they know where the requirements are too.
There's the Big Baby us #celtics fans once knew. Always finds the space between the clouds. Quad-teamed, still puts it in. #magic Tied again
Cute girl tweetin you goodnight >>
need to quit work and focus on my bodybuilding career
heyy! Any advice for life and music ??? :) I love you soo much q
1800s - The seriousness of the situation has escalated to the point at which it is no longer a laughing matter. 2012- Shit just got real.
idk I saw it in the news last night in the ER
I hate when I run into somebody that knows me but I have no clue who they are lol. # ummyeawatupdoe
I hate to report it BALMY conditions and WARM continue for Portland... The weekend is looking the same! Dayton weather improv?
. Thanks for the follow - would love to learn more!
RIP DAVEY JONES!!
Thanks for the support and we're almost there!
RT : #Salon Quote ~People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big #smile. ~Lee Mildon
good one<U+E41F>
Congrats to #Wystone's World Teas for being named #1 on top 10
interesting and good: v. sattui angelica. Port made with muscat.
Hey! Happy to try--what's your timetable? Can you send it as email attachment?
Yay!!! Adult time!! Dinner n drinks at prosperity, then hilarities for the late show.... :D
And the inadvertent whistle blows "in anticipation of" a foul when Triche drives. There is your summary of the game in one sentence.
Call us about your next event
who coming back?
It seems to be agreed that it's difficult to define your new work. The innovation doesn't necessarily fit in a category
": "'Good' is the enemy of 'Great.' We don't need to be perfect, just better than the norm.""
Just transfered my last domain from GoDaddy to
#WFUD12 More leeway with facts. I'm going to take a shot the first time someone says "hot news."
our amazing DSM JR stopped by yesterday to show us some awesome new guitars! My personal favorite the 716ce
It was an absolute amazing reboot, although when compared to Batman Forever, twilight becomes a good film
I'm not whatever that big word you used is! I like women!
here we go #Brewers let's get this home stand started with a win!!! :)
Hooray!!! RT : No deal 'imminent' for Vince Young in Buffalo
"...a program I believe in."
Could this ever be the case? Signs you travel too much: www.news.travel.aol.com/2010/09/30/signs-you-travel-too-much/
sure. You following me?
hello. I just wanna see your face! And I need help finding my shoes for prom!
Looking for wellness video clips that we can send to end-users via emails etc. Any ideas??
Long day in davis...time to nap it off and then get focus faced
Trust us. You wouldn't have made it through the opening credits with without screaming!
If you don't have to make sacrifices to accomplish your goal...you need a bigger challenge!
So much for going to sleep.
The e-book announcement is lighting fires under some asses.
"ELI--TE" Manning gonna win the Super Bowl!
newt meant Spanish! Its a stretch to say he was talking about all the other languages. He wasn't referring to poor English!
Studying while on
tarus even though I'm Scorpio
my first Twitter Tutor! Cheers!
I Just Got Off The Phone Wit Rell, He In Kentucky Deed Right Now.
Or that extra day?? RT : Hello Monday. Anyone wish they had that extra hour? :-)
Graduation starts at 10 a.m. but students should report by 8:30 a.m.
I've done quite a few other projects since then, too. My most recent ones were shortfilm "Firewater" and series "Bail Out"
Himself. Then his cousin Kelly Stephenson hung herself. One sentence in this article stood out to me. "Two years ago police asked the media
thx! Same to you
A&R's you wanna save your job hit me up!
Jordan's down call me.
Wtf is this woman thinking i have less than seven days left in her class and she gave us hw..
Just waking up and headed into the office. Will be there all day. Had a chill weekend. Think I may do the same with the week.
haha. Last energy drink I had was Red Bull about 8 years ago...
no shows til last week of December. But send us your email and we'll send you our new single before its released.
Irish pub at 8 am?
You know you're at an #archives conference when your hotel room key is made of metal.
91 left of ~687 entrants at Jax WPT Event 1 -- I have 55k just about average. 70 make the $$$ and Jax more than doubled the guarantee !!!
Blessings to the women of our world who Mother us. Past present perfect imperfect, birth Mothers, those who accepted the role, Happy Day!
I feel so guilty right now..
Damn, bizzy, bizzy. No time 2 twit. Lots of music. Recordings, gigs, bit of writing. Waiting 4 my new bass. Teaching both schools. Blasting!
We are too Aly! :( You'll be by to say hi though right?
Me and my all friends don't buy bottles; we bring 'em. We take the drinks from the table when you get up and leave 'em.
I love Oscar skits!
There two are going to make a good team. RT : ladies and gentlemen, is the reason i have twitter.
I think he doesn't have one n ur the cute one here :3
The red beans and rice were a total success. :) Zatarans has a wonderful recipe... with a little tweaking.
Holiday....finally
#BruinsStarWars Let him have it. It's not wise to upset a Bruin. But sir, nobody worries about upsetting a droid.
Getting back on track
good luck! hahaha.
RT : Last Thursday tonight....nuff said....
Go spurs!!
I feel so sick, can I just go home. :(
Always! I'm doing well how are you missy?
Working on the weekend--ugh this blows. Happy Valentines Day computer!
if u pay attention were getting some of his guys from indy buy now were attractive
Whas...up my Tweeters? gettin' ready for big Halloween Party at our place .........Saturday night!
I'll text u once I get my phone fixed/replaced
it's gona be legendary :)
Angels score, lead Yankees 1-0 in the middle of the 3rd inning.
Sometimes with my music, I feel like I'm speaking this secret language. And I get so excited when people understand.
i wanna see her lol I love babies
#ff thanks for the follow!! TGIF
When Your mother has "ammo" on her Christmas list.
About to drink some Starbucks ice coffee..... Wait wait m delicious
we should trend #WeLoveDanielle :)
#NLCATLANTA While your young people will want to help you. once you hit 40...you should have it all figured out.
Obama: protect investments in medical research instead of cutting taxes for wealthy.
AWESOME! I AM SO EXCITED! :D Thank you.
RT DO YOU KNOW WHAT WOULD BE MORE PRODUCTIVE THAN TYING YOUR STOMACH. A HEALTHY DIET AND EXERCISE. YOU STUPID FUCKERS.
“: He lost his virginity before his father.”
I'm really sorry, the Houston date didn't work out.
No, that's to graduate on time, unfortunately. And that's after I took 18 most semesters at GB. Transferring can kinda suck
And I don't even need your love, but you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough
article is awesome as usual!!!!
lol. Was just going to say hand sanitizer. ;)
Let's try this again: #agirlcandream totally wish would move to VA instead and become mayor of Richmond ... <sigh> Love him
no it is Wednesday April 25th
cost of a billboard
Really tempted to stop tweeting related to the NFL/my job, just start tweeting old, random Jadakiss lyrics that pop into my head. Yay/nay?
Why can i do??
When I work for FOX News one day what will you say?
Oh don't worry, that one's already on the list (at least selections from it, for purposes of this meeting) :)
I'll contact you soon.
Sorry for not tweeting during ¡No Pasaran!'s set but I was busy having way too much fun.
nice to be back home
Charlie Brown
Life is a game of dice, and we're rolled in without a choice. Whatever outcome comes, just accept it and rejoice.
Rails for Zombies much?
damn you just sang my fav part<U+263A>
No chance Lewis is like the 2nd or 3rd highest paid player in Basketball. Johnson is way better then Lewis.
Whoops! Sorry about all the blog tweets! Tweet Old Posts has a mind of its own sometimes.
Glad I could help... :D
Why not? Outsource them to volunteer alums is one common approach.
Bwahahahahha I am now following on xD
are you sick of artists putting out christmas albums, or can you not get enough of them? what's your fav?
what have u been up to lately
amazing concert!!!
LMFAOOO (Anthony laugh)
Happy Mother's Day to my hot ass Mom ! I love you SO much! Can't wait to see you!
And the gay guy gets the girl haha
15 days left in Michigan before I can go home to Wichita to celebrate my 21st.
because they not suppose to be funny.
Can you guys continue helping tweet #ArianaDidAmazing ! Tell everyone
Hey! Can't reply to the DM - you're not following me. =)
Just watched a screener for the new Bad Girls Club #LasVegas on Oxygen, and I think my brain melted a little bit.
Nichole337 from youtube followed me.
Yes! No problem. To register plate, select MX from website dropdown menu of states & countries or call us at 619-661-7070.
Thanks for the mention!! xo
thanks so much for the follow! If we can help with any mattress or furniture needs please let us know! ~ Mattrezzz Guy
It's just cadets having fun. I thought both to be creative.
Show me the way, little Greg photo.
Aye, which one are you in your icon? (:
just drove past a house with christmas lights on!
I <U+2764> #Adele! Great performance last night at the #VMAs. Simple and beautiful!
Do you think we could pair great tea and lively chamber music together sometime in the month of September?
RT : New addition to overused political lexicon "Everythings on the table" Still #1 "The reality is." #2 "At the end of the day."
NIALL I HAVE A VERY IMPORTANT QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
What a productive day of real estate! Showed the most beautiful condos on the ocean today
3 days to go...
Bath then bed!
Will do and thank you
I just read the synopsis of the Descendants. Whoa but it looks like a miserable downer of a movie.
SocialToaster is still hiring. Sales positions open in Baltimore, New York and Los Angeles. If interested contact:
You know it's a busy day when you didn't even have time to tweet!
Get any Specialty 20" Pie and receive 6 garlic knots FREE! Mention this tweet!
R.I.P. Jeff Conaway
Well done dude! What a feat to finish!
Call now for a special $30 OFF our Quick Cure service! Mention #Twitter to receive your discount! 1-800-349-4824
Just checked in hotel, room #2011- how appropriate..... Eagles Nest Restaurant starty
Love Repair This Sunday March 27th!!!! Tickets on sell now!
A zoom in on your face would be wonderful. The eye makeup is gorgeous.
Today's healthy snack of choice: almonds coated with smoked salt. I may never eat anything else ever again.
a future
'Why has the violence against women turned into this?'
I'm sure it would exceed expectations.
“My faith comes by hearing, and hearing by Your word, God.” - Romans 10:17
just cuz the majority think its cool.. doesnt mean it IS cool.. Fuk the popular belief
Matthew Old Pal, what was the email about? Beers tonight at the usual place?
SIC Timmy the Owl T-shirts for sale at the Info Booth on Level 1. $15 first come first serve on sizes.
Luckily, there is so much to do in Baltimore, I don't feel a post-vacation slump.
I can't wait for August, i'm so excited to finally go to EKU. :)
Hey Matt, what does turn out for Friday look like?
haha totally saw that. I don't think I would have gone for the grilled cheese either...
We are happy to help. Email us at or call us at 858 222 8242.
Really likin m.ward lately
After hearing #easierasus, said "yeah, it's about time for a new Room For Squares." Flattered doesn't cover it.
My great nieces motivate me to keep going... their smiles are so innocent & genuine.
hahahha... f*ck the both of y'all
Just updated to our festive holiday icon! May everyone have a happy, safe holiday season!
iPhone autocorrect biffed my reply last night - it was great seeing you (not gray). Autocorrect has quite the sense of irony.
I don't have an attitude problem. I have an attitude that you have a problem with
Trackin today. Wow
#OMG -- just found season 4 of on This is #DANGEROUS!
but it was probably about HFCS, Monsanto, factory farms, obesity and lack of exercise. #my guess
haven't talked to you for a long time... how are you doing??
_Thank you_ I couldn't make the festival, so it's good to experience it vicariously via your pics and 's tweets.
Fuck Santa.. he know where all the bad bitches live lol
not pretending at all! i was just shocked and amused.
cant sleep!!
Oh i do -- Erica Gaines () i wanna see some. (:
We have a Full Service #Barber & Shoe Services. Grooming, shaving, Braiding 4 Men 1738 Telegraph ave #Oakland 510 8321100 Or JUST POP IN!
So glad I locked up my valentine for the rest of my life.
Bummer about your page.
too bad I'm in SA :(
I danced with Alex cause he begged me to(;
WOW #Blackhawks great last second goal to tie it up n send to overtime!!
True High Fidelity fanatic RT : I copied all my favorite quotes into a Word doc.
RT : I love how it smells outside right before and after it rains
Don't forget to be there Saturday the 26th! We're auctioning off the brand new Xbox Elite 250GB Console to kick things off!
Listening to "You're the Best" theme song from Karate Kid right now with & -- wish you were all here.
WHoa. That's a whole lot of trade coverage. And we like it!
I'm guilty too! Had my running clothes laid out with good intentions, but the cold and wet seemed like such a good excuse...
Romeo miller on the cover of brave magazine!!!
It's #TurkishHammer time! Step it up hammer!
Thank you!
She's such a good daughter! Lucky mom! :)
you're a good teacher C-Hep!
European banks kept a "most likely to get kicked out of the EU" over/under all this time? The payout must be huge!
Speed Dating event for singles 30's and 40's
nice music choice for the soundtrack, caught my attention RT
#Superstarent making moves concerts commin soon!
Motto for 2012, invest only in others who are willing to invest in you.
Rihanna has red hair, Lady Gaga has yellow hair, Katy Perry has blue hair, & Nicki Minaj has pink hair. The Power Rangers has been reunited
Hubby didn't fall for the April Fool's joke that I ripped the Thule off the top of the car when driving into the garage. Thought it was...
I wish I was going to Belle Glade this year :'(
#np. "This Is For The Lover In You" - Babyface.
Saw a BMW and Range Rover collision today ... that's a Country Club Plaza wreck if I ever saw one.
Wow, that could have been a strip search.
RT : RT if your in need of more followers follow and gain 100+ followers instantly tweet me a <3 if you did <3
Lets make a pot and see if we can finish it before we leave
Graduated from youth leadership Blount & thankful for all my lovelies from it
#yoga....done. Abs...done. Shoulders next...then some afternoon #sales calls.
LOL! Our jam. We need to send each other music after you're done with finals.
Woke up at 930 thinking it was 11. Loved the surprise. Plus had some great dreams last night.
Our good friend has offered to have a stack of "Otaku Spaces" at his Emerald City Comicon booth. Thanks, man!
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to a strong continuing partnership.
Crew Tour AZ is a wrap!!!!
#whatcouldtopwednesday saints and members of NFC announce secession, reviving USFL
suburban commando
one simply cannot put down this book for bed.
Strive for 5. It makes your body happy inside and out!
S/o to #oomf talking bout I got bitches I got bitches I got bitches
Check out our new app for iphone and Android. Search "california VIP" or call 619.226.1121 for details.
Hello to YOU. Thanks for the follow.
Since when did Baylor get so good in everything
me and homework are in a fight.
Things will change, I'm gonna leave the past in its place.
Show me, Dont tell me.
Who steals a clock?
did u know that no. 1 fear is losing what we currently have? TY Madeleine Blanchard
#IN we're very excited to have you on board!
Cant hear anything over the howling wind - I'm barely exaggerating “: Not looking forward to hearing boos for Braun tonight”
RT : WOW! What a crazy weekend! Mega downloads coming out of #Italy! Thank you!!
people can be so insensitive these days.
LLAMA LIKE
scar from the lion king
PR observation of the day: It is amazing how different people are from town to town. Who says it does not make a difference where you live?
Girls with long hair >
Working on my Spring article for Fort Mill Magazine today! Enjoying time to sit and relax on this beautiful day off!
umm this Saturday? :)
Ush! some people are so dumb!!
TEXT ME
No actors are!
They boy&I have doubled our games collection in the last few weeks. Pandemic &Carcassone: Wheel of Fourtune last night; what tonight?
If I Die Tomorrow i wonder if tears come to his eyes
I keep seeing on campus. We don't go to the same school.
I might just puke
The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense.
but my lungs so muddy, i love the way it taste, drink it till im ugly baby fuck me while im faded
SAME HERE. I barely moved at the end of January & I mean I've made "friends" but I've yet to have like a real friend :/ haa
even though you're mad at me I still love you :p <3
Cannot wait to return home to my kitchen. It is hard to eat healthy while on the road.
Clairton High School wassup #SCRSCReamTeam is the building lets get LIVE!!!
I hope you and are singing your lungs out on your car ride down to Florida!
Ha, I didn't even realize that. Must be the magic of the interwebs. :)
I miss that show...
Gotta love Obama's shout out to Detroit in the opening of the #SOTU tonight. Even he recognizes that we're coming up strong in 2012!
Really ? not now :D
Corporate archives-type jobs have such weird job titles and language...I wonder if there's a list of common titles out there?
MIA this week-end? ;-)
I went from starving to completely stuffed....wehh. I feel like im gonna burst! :/
On the plus side, the also ordered Arrow (as in Green) for a series.
Book Expo bound on Sunday. Last time?
A man who finds no satisfaction in himself will seek for it in vain elsewhere. - La Rochefoucauld
"oh, Honey. I forgot a guest. Remember I told you about my ex, Phillip? He was great. Invite him & his bf and put them next to mom"
I am
lol yeah but i hadnt been on twitter
Dean Mandel is a great spokesperson for libraries
Sitting alone makes me feel lonely and awkward
bitch crazy
#mudmelt Pendelton: as teaching more facilitated digitally the social aspects more critical. Social of actuating learning.
And we'd still have a few more years of WW2 to get through!
All done for the day! Thanks everybody for coming out and for following us! Huzzah!
RT The punctuation goes on the *inside* of the quote. So many people don't know that.
I can't wait time get my little dog... that's all I think about.
Happy Friday
You are very welcome!
I really should have taken a nap today.
Thanks for the follow , we'd really like to play a show with you and the rest of the ! :D We'll book it!
If you're in town for AWP, come to Comet Ping Pong tonight! I'll be reading there with a bunch of other great writers.
Think that's because they know Obama approves of his politics, should he lose? Romney = Obama 2.0
From Nappy head Greasy face Eatin Watermelon To drug dealer Armed robber Now convicted felon
fell on my butt twice that mess hurt and one highschooler said daayyym lmao
starting to watch misfits, good so far. too bad hulu has commercials every minutes. #fuck advertisments.
killed it tonight at the academy of music, Phila! Encored w/ November fuckin rain. Plus mutlu & Brett dennen were great
Any mke #runners heading down to the Chicago Polar Dash sat.? #DNation will be there and so will our awesome mentor !
Don't give me reason
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, Citigroup, Wells Fargo and Costco Wholesale
Deciding my 30 day pre-Summit plan of action. Which would you rather see actual review of..Hybrid Asylum/P90X or Asylum/Insanity
Thank you so much! Sorry I'm just seeing this. Enjoying the sun?!
Do you think bands need their own web site? I DON'T!!! Buy your www... point it to FB... and start an email list to keep track of your fans.
Book is all consuming. Really hard to concentrate on anything else.
My feet are cold, and I tweet too much.
hey gurlfrann[: i love you! if you called me i think i would cry! do it up! (PLEASE) 972-815-9498
Whole "heap." LOL
no are you?
Ever fall UP the stairs? It's almost as bad as falling down! Let us install handrails so it never happens again.
When someone follows you, so you follow them back, and then they unfollow you. Seriously? Fuck you
and yes there was a dash of sarcasm in last post. rofl
DAMN YOU STORYCORPS!!!! It's now raining in my car.
yeah I don't normally go to the actual page either but since it was "new" I had to check it out lol. I'm good, very busy. you?
I'm a big fan of Fran and I'm passionate about the cause. Thanks for all you do.
Positively bursting with excitement to see Pina 3D tonight in Baltimore
follow hes new to twitter.
I hope your wife posted that!
Sample sale mode RT : The Alchemist at The Webster like two kids in a candy store
well go read it!! Lol
You're learning, young padawan.
You could always root for the Avalanche. Oh, wait.
Woot! Next year I get to work w/ rural teachers to bring univ. history course to their schools. Trout Lake, Brewster, Oroville here I come.
#layoff news- #California: UI Code change: Establish claims under alternate base period set by law no later than 4/2/11 (previously 4/3/11)
i cant twitter from my phone because i always end up posting half finished tweets. not because my phone is dumb. but because i am.
"THIS is what I do!"
I knew there was a reason I randomly burst into tears...
awww, I love you to anea. You're a beautiful person inside and out. Love you chica <3
HUGE win last night. Thanks to everyone for coming out and helping us pull through in that 4th quarter!
like they do to the rest of us making us look smart lol
Work the middle , work the middle ,work the middle , work the middle ..
I realized I'm obsessed with and love her songs. if she comes to Pittsburgh I will definitely go!
No because you won't be a senior. It'll be too late to experience it.
Getting ready to take a tour of the stadium where the Arizona Cardinals play and where the NY Giants won the Super Bowl a few years ago!
nigga, I ust met the smartes fucking kid alive. You have no idea!
Soccer: MatchDay LIVE - Goals, updates and chat MatchDay LIVE - April 9
We are about match one #get2philly #
For the past 90 min watched my WWF dev team debug game code . They know how complicated the project is yet they never give up.
I was hoping 6 pack of old style and a bag of balls
That was one of the BEST episodes ever!!!!! CupidMe! LOL
No, I don't normally videomotorcades b/c I see the prez at least once a wk it seems... on the off chance he STOPPED- I like to be prepared
THANK YOU!!
oh sorry vegan lol
I see niggas hating
okay then when did you want to hang out
Yep this afternoon at 4:00 PM on NBC
k aw i would.
Guy in front of me on flight listened to Keisha song on repeat... For 45 minutes.
my mom knows who skrillex is!!
So great to have such an awesome crop of artists submitting designs for BucketFeet but it is hard to have to tell people they didn't make it
Lol read between these two red lines ^ ... U dont matter
Who wouldn't love you?!?
good for you, I havent been on twitter as much, but same old stuff!
should have known, there's an app for everything!
webwise it's pretty awesome, we had Levar Burton this morning.
call Virginia! She's back in town :) on her cell
No need to pay for $9 ginger ales at karaoke tonight. Staying home to cook myself dinner and watch Mad Men. Nice and quiet.
did anybody call him short tonight?
Jacques is the only exception.
just heard on the radio that a guy sold his kidney for a iPad 3 and an iPhone #reallyy?
I want to do something fun tonite!
Teaching self to play dad's classic guitar
#GiveObamaCreditFor... Facebook IPO. He'll take credit for it anyhow.
going to indy this weekend for a wedding, first & only wedding of the year! what a change from last year.
"I'm shot, motherfucking oven mitts."
Why are people RTing me from like 82029 years ago? lol
Hey dudes: trying to meet the ladies? Based on my friend requests Pinterest is the new Home & Garden section at Barnes & Noble.
OH in office: Him- Man, the Houston Texans have a pic on FB with 591K likes!! Her- I give up.
Frankie Ballard opening up for Seger..Rock band w a banjo! Love it!
“: South Korean customs agents find thousands of pills filled with powdered baby flesh."
Last day of shooting. A hard week, but still so fun and very productive. The next episode is going to be insane.
i swear this is why i'm single.
lol I'll check it out
Um, yes -- please! RT Maybe we just have to open an actual store in Carmel :)
I have supposedly exceeded the number of times allowed 2 verify my passport information, thus cannot check-in online!
they must have forgot to mention the assassination tht took place there as well. knows what I mean.
When Dobby is gonna drop the cake on that lady's head unless Harry says he won't go back to Hogwarts... JUST LIE, HARRY. JUST LIE.
I can lose weight. I can dress better. You will always be an insensitive, materialistic asshole.
facebook's likke
Drove on I-84 today to where it ended...in Massachusetts.
I have been through various fitness regimes
Wow what an ending to a great season of #Smash ! Cant wait to see what comes next season!
#wakeup Gotta Get Up.JILL SCOTT
I've been sitting in a chair for 5 hours...not a happy camper.
NEW INFO: FBI offering a $20,000 reward for tips leading to arrest and convction of those involved in disappearance of Antigo's Kayla Berg.
I'm a little worried that my daughter is refering to me as "that career tribute from district 1" - I guess she's ready for
Headed to Ft Worth today for speech, then 2 Dallas 4 Bill Ames' book event -(he wrote the book on TX textbook wars)
Are you a very jealous and insecure person? What's up with the hate?
In the wise words of bubba sparxxx, "What ever it is you do, do it admirably"
Gonna go chill with the boys.
Seven Georgia Bulldogs Taken in 2012 NFL Draft: Fan&#39;s Take
Excited about the MN Record Show tomorrow in MPLS. Been in kind of a Funk lately however it's the Blues I will be chasing.
Happy 4th birthday to my wonderful beautiful nieces Niyonna and Neveha!!!!! Auntie loves you both!!!
RT : Check out AMAZING interview with the ELOQUENT www.bit.ly/ffFM3
Bowling with the buddies:D
Just realized that I never finished Sherry Krell's photos...and I thought I had. Eep! See me getting busy!
Everyy girl in my first period just annoys me ...
Thankyou Moes for providing me with great food and music
Really should listen to my mom more often. She's wise that one.
follow us back please?
Carlsbad Police loves visiting Australia team. Guess someone in the office is incorrectly dialing international numbers...
Our health always seems much more valuable after we lose it.
yes please. hey random but talking about your mum her name is elaine right?
We had a great time at for Beyond the F. Big thanks to , and speakers Adam Lilly and On to !
Hi I'm Shaylee & I Love Long Romantic Walks To My Fridge.
Makes the most of time, but stresses use of intranet page and telephone frequently.
Vocals going down
Hi - I remember you! I am not at HAL any longer. I got my dream job elsewhere.
Sounds heavenly. Are strawberries in yet?
I forgot a comma in my last tweet. That bothers me. I freaking hate grammatical errors on any level
thanks for the RT! Hope things are coming together for the expo, can't wait!
what r u doing in Iowa??
RB Justin Davis is the most important target for the 2013 USC class.
:) that's okay! nice to see you on my feed. been thinking of you this week.
Lost my voice. I could make a 900 number a lot of money right now. Or do some Louis Armstrong covers.
..sorry for the fuckin' spam. <33
I am a new man now. I forgive you
that's about it and my mom is making me do chores but. Now she had me stop since I have a headache but it's almost gone
My Top 3 #lastfm Artists: Brand New (13), Britney Spears (8) & Taking Back Sunday (8)
Just saw 'The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel.' Touching, sweet and inspiring. Some of the best actors Britain has to offer. Watch it!
I'm going to finish these articles if it kills me ... well, hopefully it won't come to that.
cleaning my room ugh i need to study for my AP test tomorrow :(
RT : Yep blame kobe
I want to buy her some heart-shaped glasses!
If you want to run, run a mile. If you want to experience a different life, run a marathon. Emil Zatopek
#Life is #great #music #art and #family is all a person
crap i just ate almost a whole sleeve of thin mints.
I am happy as well.
Congratulations, Matt. Looking forward to using it in my spring class.
drink lots of water, massage the muscle like it's your job, and for the love of all that's good, no heels!
i didnt like the Heat because every year during playoffs they murdered us..but this time 76rs did it. so i hate them mofos lol
this just made my day :)LOL
OMG studying for a spanish test tomorrow, Ay me duele la CABEZA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I agree, Van Pelt inspires major library envy.
I guess not...
Are you wearing a spanish onez tonight!?
This teacher makes me wanna kill myself<U+E406> <U+E113>
stop with that :)! It's me that's blessed
the future is unpredictable.. people are always making idealistic promises.
Sending a shout out to our Infunitum App Fans in Canada. Thank you for playing Infunitum!
I dislocated my knee is college. There is nothing like it. Really painful
thanks Matt. Let us know what you think.
what?! Oh my gosh, so excited for you two!
Idaho execution reminds me of poet J Donne 'do not ask for whom the bell tolls, it tolls for thee"
what kind of dog is that? it's adorable!
Today is Hug Your Dog Day! I hope I see lots of people hugging their dogs, that would make today totally awesome
RT : This red hair this girl got on Tough Love is pretty AF <<<thx hunni
Drunk and can't figure out how to delete tweets on here. Accidentally favorited one of my own. Help.
follow me jaden im ur cousin
Jake thatcher of Node 1 says must see what company is NOT doing and why so can detrmine roo for improvement
Happy mothers day to all mothers out there! Workin till 5 and I am thoroughly exhausted #needbill$
totally agree RT : How do you have a Glen Campbell tribute without "Witchita Lineman"?
how long did it take for to do tht
I think library space is like highways. The more you build, the more it gets taken up.
Old Fashioned.
I fuckin' hate cliche people, because they are fraudulent.
That moment when you realize if you don't pass the sol you don't get a verified credit.. And all of your hard work was for nothing.
Three cups of coffee into Sunday and on page 12 buddy
Lol! Yeah, seems like u know where to hit me...lol
And we don't have to grade papers.
Longest day ever? Worst headache imaginable?
paid or actual attendace? looks like less on t.v.
. "Making beautiful things ugly with 1's and Zeros for the last 25 years"
#shehechat A2: Agree with others that knowing the material cold is key. Allows you to go off on tangents. Can't do that with scripts.
Welcome to twitter, ! Looking forward to reading about life at !
At Auburn Fest!!
great thanks for asking!
tell me about it
I have to be up so early and its already 115 am <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> Guess its time for bed <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
MT : Enjoyed helping at The validation canvas model is smart: thinking like a scientist is built into the process.
It doesn't work asking yourself if you're there yet. Almost to the Ohio border, sigh.
and seems to me that is repeating the narrative of "community decline" -- the ur-narrative of sociology.
- Happpyy Valentine's Daay Everyone . R.I.P. To The V Cards Getting Taking Tonight. (:
So I lost 3 followers today for no apparent reason...
Any travel towards IA, NW and NC IL will be impacted by ice event Weds PM and Thurs. Travel will be difficult.
To find out about cool new indie bands and see performances and videos check out
Sad week, we lost #DickClark, #JonathanFrid & #LevonHelm. RIP dear gentlemen.
Current presenter: can artists be curators?
i don't recall that but i prob agreed tho
Delicious dinner - Peruvian pork tenderloin (thx to my grillmeister ) & spicy pineapple salsa on corn tortilla.
name seven
I can NEVER watch abdc with my parents right -___-
yes really it's all over my damn TL!
Pickup Line: My Love for you is like diarrahia ... I can't hold it in
I just don't understand the appeal of Pinterest.
Waiting for Chrisette to come out gonna give her a JUICESOULMUSIC CD
He misplaced a fly ball on the warning track and bagged his knee. Mo went down. Was carted off the field.
dude that hat is 2 ft tall
This is just one of those "twitterific" days where I feel like I run into everyone + go everywhere I follow on twitter
The first step in changing your culture is defining the new one with incredible clarity.
He said u feel me! Lmao
Now Kyla be prepared to be drooling! This nigga is SEXY!
Traveling is enjoyable because it reminds me how small I really am
Question: If someone is married, what constitutes having an emotional affair?
just remembered...jeremy blake/beck!
To much traffic in Destin.
WHAT'S GOOD BRUH
Congrats & on #1DMakingBillboardHistory So proud of you guys!! :)
Happy Tuesday everyone. :)
Downloading right now. Best way to end this Monday night. :]
You always got me guuuuuuurl.
From one who has made the MPLS-->SF journey, Minneapolis loves you back!
can you cone through around 10:30 am on Friday ?
When a man steals your wife there is no better revenge than to let him keep her. ~ Sacha Guitry
hahah I had to touch your lil curls today :)
It must have been bring a brother to McDonald's of laplata today
I dont know what it is but let enjoy the ride while it lasts!!
Busy night !
Oh, well thanks sweets :3
Ms. Gowen!! ha
No problem, I hope so as well!
Taking online training for work. Slide: A Smile Can Influence Attitude. Did this guy really say "no need to act like a knee slapping fool"?
Mitchell prank calls people without *67
That moment when the hot guy in the front of the room is named Eugene
y'all should record a christmas cd. your music i'm proud to say, is among the few musicians whose work i actually purchase.
good night
I want a corn dog >_<
is going to massacre Tonight! So many people excited to come out! Let's do this!
you know that was meant about
Orioles at Blue Jays worth watching due to uniforms alone.
I'm not allowed to drink anything hot. But I want a frappucino haha. I'm seriously having the weirdest cravings. I'm starving.
Only support he needs is prodding to come clean about what really happened. The guy is a coward & murderer
Good Night! :D
RT : Are you up for the LIGHTSWITCH® Lager Challenge? Stop by to get a sample of our LIGHTSWITCH® Lager with your order of...
OED: storminess (1804) G. Huddesford You, like Lunar beam, Thro' my nimbosity arise; Dispensing, from your lucid eyes, Refocillating gleam
Oh yeah, let's not forget, GO ROCKIES !!!
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. - Jim Rohn
Final tally is in: 9,670 fully dressed Chicago style hot dogs were served at the #NRAShow this weekend. Holy smokes!
I was bit by a spider - it doesn't hurt yet.
good...went to Oedo Island...they have got a botanical garden to die for...even better then ones in the US....it was awesome
is there a single person in North America who won't be watching Game 7?
#wiunion is in better State today; because of our unity. Candidate for Lt. Gov. 2,025 Followers, increase his following.
RT : The & will face-off in on Feb 5! LIVE at 6:30 PM EST on ! (GO GIANTS!!!)
"JoBros Are Our Heroes"
yes I agree!!
The best people are the better friends
Last week a candle factory burned down I got great photograph of everyone standing around trying to blow it out
is there stuff for him to do dealing up to July 4?
i wana go skate! let this shit end now!
:P Hi Duncan. <3
New show? Back on AHS?
Putting/saying #NoHomo in your "flamboyant" statement doesn't just change things
Great! We gave you some link love. :)
#thatawkwardmoment when the first girl shows up to a party full of dudes
"Mirrors dont show progress, they just show how much work is left to do"
RIGHT IS RIGHT,WRONG IS WRONG!!!!!!!!!!
Man on a day like this I wish I was laid out on the beach with a hot chick next to me.
yeah baby dj ant heatin it up with DRAKE/J COLE TIX for you to WIN tonight!!!
I had to step over two murder victims just to walk from my super fast ride into work. What kind of butthole just leaves em there?
:) Let's get that post-Gov20LA coffee now!
Looking for the needle of insight in this haystack of data.
god. out of the machine.
Let's start a countdown! #8monthstillVegas What are you planning to do while you're here?
I got mine on Now if only they would send me the rug I bought 3 months ago....
After losing key players on offense this offseason how will Philip Rivers and the #Chargers offense fare in 2012?
And i just realized that one of the 2 projects are due tomorrow and i havent even started it.
It's a mistake in itself! I literally JUST said this hahaha RT : Charmers takes last shot. Hm
Thanks, John!
I think someone should buy me the Graveyard Girls book so that i can see me for a late xmas present
at what point do Mavs fans get tired of being ABUSED by opposing centers?
What would you do if you knew you couldn't fail?
yeah, you know who my people are? You guys. Because you're great!
Either way. :)
no.I'm in Dallas right now and I love it.
Doing an onsite repair tonight! Hope to pray for the client. :-)
my eye hurts too much
I don't see how people eat turkey bacon.
How is there not yet an epistemological punk band called "Unknown unknowns"? Those songs may or may not write themselves.
blah, lowkey annoyed.
aww, poor thing! hope he feels better soon!!
Paul Cezanne-A work of art which did not begin in emotion is not art.
Today: bong water on the #7. Yesterday: A greek chorus on black race relations in America complete with rap & hymn
at the crib feel like shit bout to take it down
Ugh i hate walking without my ipod
thanks for the tutorial
hard to disagree. TB is a very scary team
What's been going on?
let's put it together
good luck!
Would def vote civil rights sites and Wright flight sites, but the Reccomendation criteria are a bit too much.
yawn! way tired! listen to basenectar to wake up?? Yes. :)
For future reference though, I rarely use Twitter. If you have a pressing concern, please email me for an immediate response.
We're at the Minnesota State High School Hockey Tourney stop by our booth
Free rentals this Thursday. Just head to their facebook page for the promo code.
We just had lunch at Pizza Fusion. And oh my god, that's the best Pizza I've eaten my life. The pizza was organic. Organic is the way.
modern country is like a turd that won't flush down
Come on.... come on.. don't be lazy lol!
Ah Fedde Le Grand is so fine (; Lol
#DarkSkinPeopleNicknames. Why the hell is that trending?
Thanks, Miguel! I'm really excited about this big new adventure. Now ... I know you'll be wanting some of my work, right? ;)
she's in Louisiana..
We f*cking did it! We killed it at the Kennedy Center!
and you rock mine!!
yeah /: but if you want ask her!
your not welcome
one week till our next gig in S.f. should be fun.
congrats ! Little boys are so much fun :)
Wow, crazy busy day, all projects coming in for the weekend :)
What?!?! Was it not doing well with views?? I thought it was fairly popular. I'm about to be real in my feelings =(
Some don't get it. :(
My day doesn't consist of 3 set meals. I pretty much eat 128493240 snacks whenever I feel hungry.
Sorry. I really thought you guys would win tonight. Hope the Hawks play 60 Minutes tomorrow or 80 if needed.
was LeBron talking trash to you?
just settling in with the new job. But I need some fun soon,lol
God is trying to get my attentiom today, to direct my energies to make the most of my special talents. I will be aware.
Thank you to #emhe for all the work in Joplin. For those of us who lost family during the tornado, it truly makes a difference.
La La
that seems like the only logical choice to make! He makes a fair point, it's as simple as that haha.
hey All! we had to sign up for TrueTwit--pain-in-azz--but spammers have infiltrated! will remove app when done w/spammer-scanner--thanks
Orientation was incredible! Thanks for such an awesome weekend! Go Trojans!!
When crossing the street, pay attention to the signs. You only have so much time. Same way with life. God gives signs. R U paying attention?
Coming to a Location Near You: Civil Unrest
woke up before my alarm at 6am ... too excited to work on to sleep!
hell yea its almost a done deal
RT Global Entrepreneurship Week starts tomorrow! bit.ly/vnT7Q3
Sup bro??? DaBears!!!
I can't wait for this wedding tomorrow :)
Glad to hear it!
Friday off. So my weekend starts right about now.
thanks for sharing your story with us today.
Just think, several people who left home in good spirits this morning, will not return home this evening.
SO PRECIOUS AWWWHH
LAN party@ the House Party. Team Fortress2 & Left4Dead2! Kill zombies with like-minded players! #seehelenparty11 Sign up in Rm. 1193.
If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business. B. C. Forbes
Forget the pants ;D
I want a Madonna piercing (:
good baby
yes, and I hate Kane more, but then that makes me hate Taker more because he birthed the Kane gimmick
Good morning! I want a doughnut. Talk me out of it!!
*Real as they come
Thanks bud! I Can't wait for it to get here
Be innovative with your copy, conventional with your layout. Great things to think about and implement regarding copy from
We look forward to seeing you support SCAN at the public budget hearing this evening! The address is 6000 16th Ave SW Seattle, WA 98106.
B. J. Gupta~ Men as well as animals do whatever makes them happy differences lie in what makes them happy.
no doubt. would love to send over a few questions for you if you had a minute. mad respect for what you do from over here, homie.
Being thankful is the best medicine. Doesn't make the clouds go away, but allows the sun to shine a bit brighter.
Hi kirsten!
where are you -_-
One awesome event down, two to go. Up 1st, takes over the on 2/16. Head to www.UConnAlumni.com/Boston to buy!
o-0 I'm kinda lost with this?!, I dnt know wats the hype abt twitter?! owell
So ultimately it was Iona over UW. Brutal.
shoot first, ask later.
Any rumors on when they are opening nats park?
What up
What are the supplies I'm going to need the most as a new teacher?
Great news. Great friggin news.
Watched "My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding". Interesting...women married at 16 and becoming housewives. Rare for them to know how to read/write...
Excellent job stepping up in the clutch!
M... Low Fat Cottage Cheese, Apple Slices and a Hard Boiled Egg! Can we say D I E T ? ?
Thinking about PR internship’s in Nashville, TN next summer. It’d be awesome to intern at Mercury Records, BigMachine or Valory Music Co.
We're just getting started, but we plan to, yes.
The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery
OH I get your tweet now #nosey :l
HUGE ANNOUCEMENT! Nicole & baby Emma will be on this morning. Can't wait to see them. Tune in! Call your friends! See ya 9am.
Breakfast time.
Not to mention brady's 517 passing yards in a game NFL record
At an average salary of $1.83 an hour, I don't doubt that.
off all week, except for friday -_- i need some more hours !
I enjoy watching homeowners talk about how they fight for space/time in their bathrooms. We have 1 bathroom & have never fought 4 a shower.
How often do late night comics discuss federal higher ed policy? Um, never. I mean, Pell no.
It's the full version, so you can create/edit movies to the full extent of the software. RE: iMovie on comps. in CyberFresh Cafe
I gotta start making some #Yankees videos again
Time to get snuggled. Dream great dreams! xoxo
Holy close game Batman! Caps-Rangers has gone to overtime.
Jimena's 9th Birthday is tomorrow :) Lots to do tonight! So EXCITING!
Yall remember when the clipoers came back and won game 1. Well if the lakers come back and win this game 1 then it gon hurt a lot of ppl.
There goes the neighborhood! ;)
tired as fuck, but still smokin
So much hearing loss. :/
One breath at a time. Hang in there.
But I got bitched at for the things I chose to use to clean it up with.........see, that's one reason why I'm ready to go
I wish! I am more just dreaming while looking at the snow!
thanks! I'll be thinking positive thoughts about you & & your crew &
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]<U+2661>24
Oh no, stacey is out and that little beyotch gets to stay one more week , ugh....
holy cow man! Your blog about us is beyond flattering!
Don't miss one of our headliners, Cloud Nothings coming up at 8:30 p.m. on the stage!
Would love to be in on the conversation!
I'm sorry, we don't.
Dudes jealous/worried bout sumthin that aint there, douchebag.
I don't know why I ask questions on my blog... No ever posts comments except for
i am on my way to workout...and have a great day..hope u have one as well!!
This guy is obsessed!
No problem, we love the project!
Pro-family is compassion and means finding ways to help families stay together after Welfarism pushed them apart. That's the core issue.
Just sent you an email. Sorry for the delay!
Vos, you are such a weiner.
You go gurl
this could take a few tweets.. I guess the door guy had just moved a table to its "correct" place (unbeknownst to me) I then..
I agree. Just like n many states. The schools play each other during season, but the state tny's r seperated
why you not sleep
Wow, not the way you want to start the game
why are WI women worth less in workplace than men? Now that you've repealed the Equal Pay Enforcement Act we have no recourse.
Long time comin ...
naw I ain't mad is funny to me
whoa, buddy! way to go! how was it? is that your big one? just 12 today for me, my 18 is next week. keep pushing me!
have to dbl check on lw.. but yes maybe 1 loss. having a 'you know who' free weekend - exhausted now talking EW
I just wrote an article for dPS to be published soon "Stop whining about your equipment, get out there and shoot!" :)
LOVED YOU ON BOB &TOM THIS AM
thank you! it doesn't get much better than this :)
Want to see Gio and the take on the Reds this afternoon, check out MLB.tv for the game of the day.
This episode of #smash is so intense..
like, you're not guaranteed to be granted one?
I'm god, just living . wby
The graph continues: Sir Ian, Sir Ian, Sir Ian...WIZARD! Can't wait to see your work in the new film Ian!
ok, sorry I couldn't get you one last night. Let me know how she likes it!
Lets Go Birds!
- Brilliant and lazy - that's why we love ya!
he totes does. srsly. he so does but whatsherface doesn't. ugh
Honored to win both the youngest alumni present + the Alumni Association Achievement Medal tonight at Alumni Dinner
shit! You beat me. I'll be there in a few!
it was well done, you would like it, its on netflix
If it snows during the Shamrock Run tomorrow I might cry.
I feel like I would be a good personal assistant or secretary.
I see that.
music sounds better with you, baby.
Don't ride*
WORLD CUP!!! WORLD CUP!!! WORLD CUP!!! WHAT WHAT!!!! Be there!!!!
Piranha happy hour with Betsy!!!
70 degrees today 30 degrees tonight
Probably not too close to south KC, but oh we'll
Hey boys heres the deal I live in INDY& Dean is a Good friend do I get 2free Tickets or do I pay double price
If I had a nickel for every time AT&T dropped a call, I could afford a Verizon bill.
"You can't write poetry on the computer." - Quentin Tarantino
#NewDirections? I only like One Direction. :P
Mark your calendars for Friday March 2nd at belle isle . Details real real soon .
Pack not ready to play today. Disappointing.
haha good point! so I guess it's ... yay HarperCollins? ;)
omr is so freakkin hard #-> now
The Monkees - I'm a Believer [official music video]
It's unbelievable. Really.
Thank you for following me Josh <3
You mean the head over heels is honest or they suddenly get honest ?
Tomorrow is the last day to vote for your favorite Top 9 Moments!! Go to www.top9moments.com to cast your vote today!
We at TCS have decided to branch out from just celebrity sighings, into the realm of pop and sports culture ...
Not all but some of yall females think to much of this twitter shit. just because i RT you dont mean i want you lmao TF? haha
You crank that Soulja Boy...You... Wait, this is not what you were talking about
You seen the poor girl's photos? .__.
Hmm...yet again I've stepped into the pile of horse pucky that is critical theory and cultural studies.
watch out;)
...which is open source and free. A lot like Blacklight (also built on Solr), but for genealogy and historical records!
Q4 via How does your domestic trip differ from an overseas one (aside from the location)?
Just found out I get a cash award for my presentation. I probably shouldn't tell them I'm honored enough just to present, huh?
just got done recording a voiceover for the first Official Transcendant trailer im excited
Moi aussi. So generous to communities of all kinds. #MLA has been beneficiary!
I know it's your b-day but no hula-hooping until that hip is healed. are gonna need you for the playoffs.
excellent! Thank you! That's what I was hoping to do. She's coming on on
it was a beautiful day- we spent it at the Burnley-Moran playground!
YO GIRL GET YOUR ASS ON!
Jesus died for our sins? He should have lived so the priest kid fuckers don't get a pass. #Happy Easter
It's game day! Let's go Marquette!
omg im sorrie that wuz not for you!!! It wis supposed to be for som1 else:P lol sorriee
Ashley is making cookies; one of them fell apart as she was plating it, so I ate it, citing it as a practical application for eugenics.
there are a lot of folks involved. it's very exciting
you need to pick up your gift card!!! :)
It was great to have our regulars tonight, and awesome to have all of the new participants!
That was J-Lo's areola, right?
A new year is God's way of saying "No matter where u have been or whatever u have been through u can always start fresh" my God is so good<3
I feel the pain in my hometown everywhere I go never knew how close Kokomo was too me but it's a lot closer/deeper than I thought!
This is a 100% band-run account, but and are most active RT hi! which band members?
I wanted to go to Disneyland ):
Couldn't sleep, so it turns out I'm getting some pages down today after all.
I got up and out so I'm headed your way
#InMiddleSchool center vs albion games <3
Knicks just delaying the inevitable.
great meeting tnite! thanks for all who came. stay tuned for more details about thursday night and monday's trip.
when you get here we're going out for this! :)
RT if you won't remember shit by noon
Hard work indeed pays off but, fuuuuck, it's *hard*
Just realized how sorry the bobcats are this year. They definitely should get the #1 pick in the draft
Is it not impossible to arrive at an idea that both serves electoral interest but he also believes is the right thing?
Done with the number game. Sorry if I didn't do yours!! I didn't do that many because I got really tired and now I'm going to sleep! Night(:
follow me! and tweet to me! please :-) 143
I really made some bad decisions in my life, but YOU LIVE AND YOUR LEARN....
You're welcome! Thx for choosing RT : Thx to and for working out a deal!!! Can't wait!
lmao Ik but I thought u were the girl that had them since sophomore yr
So. Much. Ragescream.
Happy Easter everyone!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
yep! It was just on the radio too! :)
Thanks for joining us! The teachers got a TON of great info. I'm sure they'll be calling soon. :)
did you make poor jeff come help you paint the Tech Room :)
What was the best part about your weekend?
A4: I feel entitled to my life ... Period! I'm doing me!
House of payne is a mess ctfu
RT : Success is not permanent. The same is also true of failure.
appalled that you a misleading people with lies and political rhetoric
ooh I need ur love babe, guess u know it's true, hope u need my love babe just like I need u :-)
I love this firdaay :)
assholes really thought the end of the world was gonna b yesterday HOW STUPID!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I hope they lost all there money
... Dunno but my hoodie.was like $50 last year at Dicks
My abs are kinda sore! :/ ouch!
wait where do u live ....in the states???
This head has bones in it. its was nasty. i was like what is this. he said cheek. im like wahhhh
My little hippie baby just hugged at least 6 trees goodbye as we left the park.
Just got my first pair of Vibram Fivefinger Shoes.
loved the interview re: #occupywallstreet ; a democratic awakening indeed owl.li/6JOgl
Just got back from Universal! (:
It's your world -use it to your advantage.RT : If you had to give a speech to 200 HS students about SM - what would you say?
At insomnia cafe seeking inspiration for sketches...
Jay Cutler & Brandon Marshal is damn near unfair. Throw in Forte, Hester, Knox, Jeffery AND Bennett? RAPE!!!
#VisualsViaVenom = Video Producer of the Year! Congratulations ! Thanks for all of you guys' support!
Go USA Hockey
thanks for the add...
:) Love it! Good lock!
heard a professor say it in college, and had quite a laugh - didn't learn about the different spelling until later.
Coffee black, Cowboy hat, Gun in rack... Have a great day everybody.
quesadillas and homemade tortilla chips =
You're in London? That's a wonderful city! Enjoy your time there! :)
shrewd is not a bad word; I have to keep defending its honor as a positive trait to have! What do you think about the word "shrewd"?
I couldn't imagine, so many other productive things that money could of been thrown at.
On my way to Hollywood c:
Listening to The Civil Wars before going to bed makes me feel like I should be reflecting on my life or something.
No new ideas @ prom rec reading & lasted less than 1hr for a 2hr block! Off to find another session
everyday I get on twitter in hopes you will follow me and today is no different
where is the injustice there? just a game; perhaps it's better for all involved if it's not taken so seriously...
I have a sign in front of my coffee shop advertising FREE coffee, and no one is coming in. What's wrong with you Pearl?
stay cool, stay in peace, and then I see codes are dancing. So beautiful!
#senioritis is slowly but surely going to kill me.
I cuss so much
daily twitter coupon: "febuscary" it's a scary month
ok tell me when you're done.
After 35+ yrs worth of presidential speeches, Reagan's speech after the Challenger disaster is the only one I can quote from.
Now that libraries have the ability to #Kindle check out how is that affecting how many ebooks you consume? Is it an easy process for you?
I've decided that #mezcal is #tequila's ugly step sister.
#I swear you will neva catch me smokin im already high
This world's an ugly place, but you're so beautiful to me
The 3.21 team ERA doesn't mean shit if the Bucs can't score 3 runs in a game.
happy happy friday!
It's 11:11 make a wish <3 *cough cough* this tweet is dedicated to you <3 so notice me maybe ?? #ILoveYou #ILikeYourFace <3 :)
you can bet on that bruh! Definitely going to happen for my next project.
up at 5:30 a.m studying anatomy... terms ;)
I love Real Simple. I can't wait to get accepted with Pinterest so I can start compiling all their recipes :)
#Beautiful. Truth.
Booking our trip to Vegas for Angela's bachelorette!!
Our new apartment is really coming together
I can't help but just smile in this situation ...
why they be on that. I swear Cheryl, my momma, be hitting me. I b like wtf lady
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can transform one million realities
I wonder if seniors date sophomores,,,guess well find out eh?
Getting ready to party at the dragons layer nightclub I will be there spinning all the latest hits. So come party
People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring. -R. Hornsby
The only thing I regret in life is that I have devoted much time to people who were not worthy.
It's mothers day. But my moms in Newcastle. So it looks like my dad and I are going out to lunch.
#ICantDateYouIf your past boyfriends where found face down in a creek
omg i'm excited, though i imagined Gale to be a bit more tall dark handsome type
Putting on ballet shoes tonight after a whole month felt really really good...glad to be back :)
#ThatOneFriend You fight with everyday and still love them no matter what!
My old headteacher is in school today^o^ Hihihi I'm so happy:3
This lightning lighting up the sky
Everything is in the Douglas County Events Center and ready for shopping starting at 10:30 am. See you then!!
“Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying the wrong remedies.”~Groucho Marx
Ha, that's a crazy goal man, hope to see you on the cover of one day. What business(es) are you working on? And yeah hmu!
Tanning while listening to 11:11 (:
haha. I can't do that. Id go crazy. I have to have my sleep! But you're an Angel can do anything. ;) I'm just boring Charlie
ALL HAIL THE JERICOAT!!!!
Staats Island still owned by Staats family.
Very kind of you to say, Michael. Many thanks.
Bout to go eat
Thank you, Matt.
I DID...GREAT SHOW JUS LOVE U AND LAMAR RELATIONSHIP
i kno this gurl better follow me back, lmao
« Don't let the weekend be an excuse for unproductivity get that work!»
Maybe i've found a full band now. Pretty cool stuff.
i think i got sunburnt today. my vanity recoils but my inner sun goddess is excited about the possibilities of summer by the pool.
sleep,why must you evade me?
some day's are better then others!!
Just another friday night looking for a good movie to watch.
which one the one that doesnt understand no
crafting with human nuggets at the co-op today. wish me luck.
#warchest that's what I want to hear! I'm putting in 150 in three days!
so i burnt the roof of my mouth yesterday eating pizza, and now it hurts to eat anything
Twitter, Facebook, & MySpace were created for people that love to talk, teach,& learn, & that are also not shy, & that love to be in groups.
Your new starting CF Aoki! Pretty please! Guaranteed better then current platoon
I can't wait to see you next weekend!
Thank you for the heads up and sorry for the inconvenience. Parking services is checking into the problem now.
Horrified to hear what happened to your girl Bella. Justice for Bella for sure. So very sorry.
Everyday, it's You I live for!
$9.99 for a copy of film's initial limited DVD printing. Get it now at www.allgodscreaturesfilm.com!
Oh gorgeous (although it would give you turf burns on the inside of your arm)
Trust me I would rather be a nerd than a __________.
No one seemed to care during the lockout that the #bucks weren't playing, so why would anyone care if they leave?
Winston Guy just got drafted in the 6th round, Pick 182 by Seattle.
Came into the office this morning to find a voicemail, left late at night, pitching four books of poetry and a screenplay. Sigh.
hey Harry how have you been lately? <3 have a nice day!
RT : I feel like Michael Jackson's Thriller was about to start playing in that scene. LOL #Castle <~ Lol
so cold..
How did the internship workshop go? Any takeaways from students?
I am a true lost cause when someone wakes me up....I am always extra confused!!
BIZARRELY Update!
Enlime is now at SDF Building Salt Lake, Sector V, Kolkata, West Bengal, India.
are they bringing back football wives? i liked the show
having my crown put on tomorrow(:
imagine Justin;s nexxt music video i think we all are literally going to die ;O
this is absolutely embarrassing. tomorrow is going to show whos really here to play and whos just going through the motions.
lights, camera, action. Don't forget your false eyelashes!
I love you. Smile. Putt putting tonight no matter what
Listening to my friend talk to her boyfriend on the phone depresses me...
call me
Found my missing tomcat with a cut in his thigh tonight. Not sure how he got injured, but happy he is alive
And when the chance, you are a dancing queen; young and sweet, only seventeen!
Tomorrow is DC! So excited! And what made that even more exciting? Knowing that i have 100 followers! #LuvUGuys! <3
Jared Allen please break #jaycutler 's neck!!!!!!
i want em!
Word! // RT : The morning is brightest when a thesis draft is finished.
Yesterday, we installed an alarm for someone's daughter, attending the UofA. We installed it, as if it were our own daughter's alarm.
Much respect to for playing Colorblind on the Local Buzz. Support local music! Holla!
TONIGHT - Temptation Thursday with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team!!!
A friend is someone who can speak on your character and integrity, not on how resourceful you have been for them.
: "Bottled water?" "Sir, they were donated." "Yeah, well who's gonna donate us a new planet?"
My power nap didn't help me stay awake in this class
Going to bed!
you're a jerk
Romo is gonna blow up this year
My friend saw u at the aquarium! and she got you to say hi to the camera, and she said she did it for me,she knows i love u<33
Chuck Norris' calendar goes straight from March 31st to April 2nd, because nobody fools Chuck Norris.
I may be there, not too sure.
agreed! What a success! Great work CLT!
one of my followers
preaching politics from the pulpit is wrong. As well, this Bishop is irresponsible
this photo is an obvious fake: he is not holding a beer.
Author of Sleeping With Your Smartphone says "unplugging" takes a team, not a village. Story coming soon!
You were right on the Orange of Syracuse but Wisconsin represented!
Best of luck on the GMAT!
In 2012, I’m pledging to run more often with Nike+ GPS. This will be my year to #makeitcount with
oh bubbly.
If women ruled the world,there wouldn't be any wars, but a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.
#Vikings fans at the Capitol chanting. #Build it!
Even if it scares you, you still need to know.
Yea, followed lovely(:
Loved the dungeon drop! The one I rode aint there no more.
Bitch I'm off probation. Gotta go to the lake
so did her fat thighs and tramp stamp
RT : Day 2 of Global Youth Traffic Safety Month. 2 things to keep teens safe: buckle up & put the phone away!
i swear the person who tweets for knows me from another life. these #virgo tweets are dead on!
thanks for all the hat-tips yesterday! :)
And that's a wrap. Now for the wrap party.
probably reflecting..and a baby? My Daddy referred to it as a "Wolfinanny". Something the oldtimers called them..where u from?
Just got home..
nah it's just the person tht threw it thts a pedo:p
#NiceHorrorFilms Scream and Halloween!
Who let her come out of the house looking like that -_-
JOCTAN! Hi :P
Tara can I have a cat
Do they sell deep fried brass knuckles?
How do you know jack Ehrbar and mike Guzman?
wat up mane how you livin
Every time I leave my LA office and go to Newport Beach the Dow drops +200 points!
please tell me youll be coming back to montreal this summer or i might just cry:(
okay, where is the link? would love to see these art examples!
It seems like niggas get older and begin to like them younger but i get older and like them older, who wants a young damb ass female
you know i cant either
Doesn't everybody know the only things you need to be an "official" voter is white skin and a penis?
On the road! Headed to Disneyland with the kids!
get happy ova no female because i had my share of women
Listening to Alex Trebek read lines from Teenage Dream was pretty funny.
Girls Who Are Goofy & Silly Are Really Really Cool
Bouta go to sleep.
uh yeahh, and when you win the show you on the show most times so gotta win.
Money is a terrible master but an excellent servant. ~ P.T. Barnum
Movie recommendation is Michael Moore in "Fahrenheit 9/11"
If you follow me, you should be following
Looking for extra #savings. Use #promocode 231229 to get $25 any 9 West frame purchase from now until December 29th. Some restrictions
you would.
do you have tickets? I'd need to get one and an excuse to get out of work.
More people than you think. lol
prayers for a safe a restful flight home!
never a problem being good to good people. Be sure to let me know how/if I can help you in the future.
i wish i knew a phd student in econ...they dont seem to interact w/ humanities. its a problem bc the only econ we learn is marx.
He probably strikes out a lot less than Kemp too.
My siblings and I are kosher now. Hubby is not. He eats pork only when we eat out, cuz I'm the cook at home.
Magic is a certified dickrider cuh...
My palms are sweaty. Like a first date. And ive got butterflies
RT : Last week of class. EMAC students have been working hard. The net is sweating.
I don't like going to summer school :/
Oml, I want Denny's!
thanks so how bout you? i know you got 'bout a billion in the bank by now
Making good on her promise. Shout out to for the yummy Potato Leek soup via my colleague Sarah. THX!
Many, many congratulations, Chuck!
Raiders' McClain arrested for firing gun, & assault. I wish he'd assault the opposing RB
You are very welcome. So glad you love it!
he want his dick sucked make him eat you!
Thanks for posting the review. notetable is seriously good for organizing ideas.
i need help
ty for the tumblr s/o jef!:) guess i need to post a drawing sometime soonish now. :/
The only accept regular, capitalized and all caps. Probably just store hashes for all three (I hope!)
I was also harassed by John Travolta...that's how strongly I feel about Battlefield Earth being a terrible movie.
Never Stop Smiling Justin! (plzzz DM them for me??)
s/o to , everyone go follow him. He's a cool guy with great tweet :)
Dieterich by Benefit (discontinued) and possibly Blood by Sebastian Trucco
We also use clorox wipes once a week to disinfect and clean the phone. If it was stained, we would be happy to replace it.
Oh, it is SO GOOD! Twisted and dark, but incredible! I hope you enjoy it, I couldn't put it down.
follow me bck
Might get another pair of tim duncans doe.
sure!! Thank you! Happy Holiday Weekend as well! :)
well hello there...I wondered where you were!
"I like big data and I cannot lie" says during D3 tutorial at
Happy Friday, Boo!
Pythagorus~ As soon as laws are necessary for men they are no longer fit for freedom.
It's not so bad.. Lol I'd like to chill. Tired of hanging out with the same people.
can you email me back please?
Let's go back to last night..
Thnx! P.S. Welcome to :)
I make a point to NEVER say this out loud. RT : It could always be worse.
That was all ball lebron. I seen it
Gee I been takein my hair dwn since ten this mornin
New URL to promote our Free & #1 Navigation iPhone App. Please retweet :-) www.YellowPagesReinvented.com
Treat women the same way you would want your daughter to be treated.
are u still getting them? I've changed my password twice already...
no prob T!
Latest offender? Passwords must be between 6-10 characters and letters/numbers only. REALLY? What is this, 1997?
I was just reading your bieberexperience and the whole time i keept saying "lucky girl!".
Stories like this, the "racist rock", even Tom Hanks video...have all the adults left the planet?": If we can't distinguish
r u male or female
Thank you for opening my eyes
For the record, you guys are twins. Matching t-shirts, matching projects, and matching lack of shoes...?
PickUpLine: If I flip a coin, what are my chances of getting head?
Money ain't every thang but it the only an my niggas boy they keep it maintain
Some of the best times are just sitting back & talking to our guys. Funny stories by & today.
Where is ? I miss her
it's crazy how you can go from silly to super real in no time. <3 it's awesome(:
I'd buy a bigger table for cutting and measuring, more storage, and more fabric!
Never give up on your dreams even if people say you can't make it, don't let them bring you down and keep on chasing after it.
kind of mind blowing, right?
it's pamn like comb
after sending it to 363636 I sent it too 383838 now please follow me?
Do you know why God withheld the sense of humor from women? So that we may love you instead of laugh at you
omg really?
I never have to work with my boss gotta love it!!!
and your a bit a old for 16 and pregnant. haha. you just want kids dont you?
now that's funny!!!
Oh yeah, can lick my balls.
Free profiles for a limited time and 50% off advertising including 3 ads for 1 deal! Check us out! Scottsdale, Phoenix or Mesa nighout.com
At work standing at the back of the class, trying to stay awake on his dry ass
Drizzly warm morning. Do all your errands while everybody hides inside, early risers.
Happy Monday morning everyone.
Hope is doing great!!
did you barely make it ?
Yeah been reading a bunch about their new updates. Haven't worked with it since its release after struggling with a test project.
was straight crazy! What did you think?!
"I wanna make something that I myself would want to watch…and I just happen to want to watch some really sick stuff." -Sacha Baron Cohen
My experience with Apple: It just doesn't fucking work
I will shoot to ass from right here!!
belated congrats to jay-z and beyonce. welcome baby blue ivy! you're going to be one famous little girl...
That's not just , it's all Pennsylvanians. Fred Waring had notoriously expensive walrus tusk veneers.
Im contemplating something at the current moment
Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them. :)
morning it snowing heree at long last
Another reason volunteers are awesome RT : 2/3 volunteers give financially to the org they serve.
you lie,i cry the tears turn into pain when and why did we start playing this game.? #NewSongImMaking!<33 like??
At the studio building
Just dropped my #MacBookPro :( Still kickin' though!!!!!! :)
Lol. Thank you and ditto!
Gotta love a 30 minute 1st inning.
Austrian Death Machine <3
68% of Heat fans should not be making even the most rudimentary decisions for themselves.
nice work with Alex. I #respect your authenticity.
Im up... i might knock out in a few
"Let's revel in wasting our time as adults romanticizing about the wasted time of our youth"
Happy birthday to the bro bro tho
RT Fewer than 1/3 of U.S. 8th graders are proficient in #science, but most students are improving, #NAEP results show: htt...
I have one more blood draw to go. glad to see crabbytree sign. now go play dammit.
Dear Christian bale- please dear god SHAVE!!!!
Good Lord...
It's freezing here in Hattiesburg, MS!
how is there not a blue tooth mouse yet!? tho I guess that's not the purpose of the ipad
that's disappointing. I don't think I've ever had a TJ rose. My go-to rose is Mulderbosch Cabernet Rose. Under $10 & delicious.
I did read your bio, but alas, I did not memorize it.
At the Warner Theatre in DC to see Human Nature. Opening act from Wm & Mary is an acapella group of ladies, the Passing Notes. Very good!
Good for you! I've never known someone who actually owns one of those things. Post pictures!
Great win great overall effort. Celebrate well tonight
I really wanted Hand Springs, too... Oh well. I did get the Foster the People exclusive. Now I just need to buy a record player.
My New Clothes Came In Today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Is there something Godly about killing an innocent man or woman?
thanks for the tweet buddy, made for good radio fodder
Racers-Riders, your chance to ride your bike across the Bridge over to Coronado - then 25 miles around the bay NBCSANDIEGO.COM- 2 register
I thought that loved fat chicks and middle eastern/north african deceased leaders
you are so sweet!
#comcast reneged on bundle deal. multiple attempts to resolve met with different stories, rudeness, calls not returned.
OK, I'll consider not revoking your fanboy card
Donal Logue has been cast as the lead in San Diego’s new television pilot #“Terriers” for the FX Network.
Reminder: Do one thing at a time. Just one.
makes sense! Lol I hope you feel better :)
lol right he was talk too a one minute man for reals hahahaha
": #halelujuuer !!! She got her own car she got her own house ! #hoodrich for Eva Eva."<--and that's why I love my girl!
LADIES follow and get you something to wear for the summer
Hang in . Be your best regardless of others.
it isn't! He just tweeted that it wasn't!
Time to finish my masterpiece
Thanks for the follow. Ancestors are Highlanders. Ever study the history of the S GA coast? Lots of HLDers. Real culture shock!
Sun in the 70s is a beast in Vegas, what's up when it really starts cookin summer-style
I agree! Not sure whether they exist. I think no, but maybe I'm just showing my ignorance. Anyone else?
I've been well. Perhaps lunch is in order some day soon. My weekend is open and I could venture to Madison.
“Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four essential food groups: alcohol, caffeine, sugar, and fat.”
I think that was the main thing that they were trying to sell. that is was easy to collaborate everywhere.
I love having a boner. ;)
Need a place for a party? Wanna learn some hott, sexy new dance moves? Check out Rhythma Studios we teach variety of dance styles&more!
Cops are back to Harassin', fuck'em middle fingers up when I pass'em
“: Congratulations April on the new film role!”>>>thanks
What the fuck is everyone talking about, where are the tennis courts?
Thanks for the follow James. Looks like you have a solid portfolio of work.
Happy weekend!! RT : And scene: S&P downgrades US to AA+, Outlook negative
that book is wonderful I thank u Tyrese for writing this book ..its a great help for all walks of life!!!~
#NP When we admited that it didnt make sense. You instied that we could be friends, but I'll admit I was happy it ended:) - Goyte
RT Social search brings trust to search results
if only I could tell you what I REALLY think..
kudo's 2 David Dorm House Mouse #nsbe Central State OH Black'n Red Snaper Dallas TX like minded ppl associate Props FAMU
Yes! RT SPS_Hockey SPS 4 BBN 1. SPS goes on the road and scores 4 unanswered goals to start the season 2-0. Next game at St. Mark's on Wed.
thanks! I'm glad you enjoyed it!
if having a three-way phone study sesh with Christine and Stefan won't get me a good grade on Huck's test, nothing will...
Looking for a local Chocolatier to team up with for chocolate and wine classes. Know any?
Awesome work, all around! I needed my soul fed! :)
so cold in my house right now.
& writing 2gether??? Only took how long playing on stage & traveling 2gether?? Should b interesting :) -BH
y u got porn hub as ur web address bro that too funny.
happy mothers day to too...she be goin hard
Are you ready for the ride of your life? Ride to Empower www.networkofstrength.org/ride. $100 fee coverd for 1st 3 riders in CO.
Hearing "Death Of A Star" by Sa-Ra at 1:30 in a packed room on a good system is kinda surreal but a reality tonight..
I suck at scramble with friends, so if you want an easy win find me
Thank you! Happy to get to this point.
tell my nigga Marc i said what up
Good luck to and the rest of my guys from Team Nebraska! Do work in Arkansas this weekend!
Overheard: "I can tell you're not listening." - Out-of-breath girl bluetoothing a conversation while jogging. Multitasking = failing x 2.
RT : The great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure. -Chinese Proverb
David downloaded the new #HappyBlueSlideParkDay. I feel hip.
I can't believe the #mets put a ginger in for David Wright.
Woke Up, Had Breakfast, Talked to #peoplewhomatter like Ryan Seacrests Lawyer and I wasn't calling for a song request on 102.7 KISS FM
"Let Laramee take care of me until they bury me." Best country lyric on a very non-country song today. lmao omg. Made my whole day!
RT : QR code on a TV spot? Really? Absolutely! You can grab the # of viewers.
I have an idea, but when it switches you'll still be following me automatically ... hopefully!
Idk about Canada, babe..haha I could do an extended visit for a few weeks. But I'll spread the crazy when I'm there!
Being that the vs. Kane match will be on , WWE should allow him to bring out his Internet Championship ?
thank you! I'm getting back to my old self now! My MoM would have wanted that.
Build your community one person at a time
she's going to have a dark side now? :o asdfg how or why did he die (Matt) and is alaric gone forever orr?
Woulda figured WSJ editors use banks.
Apostle Paul said that the love of God is so great that it can never be fully understood. That's woe!!
It's 12:36 here in LA. I still haven't went to sleep. I'm going to go to sleep now. Have rehersals and practice tomorrow. Love you xxoo AxL
Also, this phone line is needed starting at 5AM tomorrow....11AM kinda isn't going to work out here...
where you hanging out at tonight bro? Huge UK fan! Would love to get my son an autograph.
#nowplaying My leftovers-Porcelain & The Tramps
Last years MTV awards u were the only artist to state his belief in God. Since then, i got mad respect for you brother.
I LOVE HER STG
I WAS JUST TRYING TO KNOW U SORRY .....
I'll agree the command & control leadership style should be dead, but how come there are so many examples of it still around?
6:16 pm still have 2 showing appointments and 20 emails to get through. Been a good day:)
mayne bout to start this cafe mom and im a dude lol
"A leader is a dealer in hope."-Napoleon Bonaparte
"I got my church tongue on!"
#borgata ac BorgataAC with the bitches!!!
DO NOT CLEAN THE HOUSE. I insist.
no rush :) something that can be set up later in the fall or winter. Can discuss later.
Saw The Hunger Games last night, and it was absolutely amazing :D. Even though they left stuff out from the books :(
Just passed an accident at 23rd and p...i think a pedestrian might have died... o_o
want a new car... JD Byrider your only option.. FIX YA CREDIT with our affordable credit repair services
Yup. I hate that a few complete idiots make all of us look bad.
Yay!! Very excited!
Steve Zultanski: Getting creative in the usual sense involves becoming a better employee.
Broncos defense is a huge force to be reckoned with. Love Von.
I think sometimes it is more important to be gracious than to win. Dorothy Kilgallen
Sounds AMAZING!!
Thank God for 3 day weekends :)
you will. Congrats!!
Yyaaaaa!!! i'm back!!!! i'm back we did it we did it!!!
Look at that. Kobe's broke ass jumper
I'm definitely seeing a weak group. : ..what is with these weak deals on #sharktank tonight!?
We don't care what says about you. You're a-ok in our book. Cheers!
lol why were 3 from me...
Have you condsidered what you will need to properly display your brand?
So glad to have the majority of the Christmas decor packed away! Now just need to de-glitter the house!
“: A tearful lament about the man you once loved on it!” Gotcha covered!! Hehe
Permission slips for writing workshop? I sure do. Stop by 176 to pick one up!
anyone need tickets to the vegas show this summer?
Speakers, Sponsors, Attendees, please email me the links to your reviews about ! Cheers :D
Hannah Montana the movie is coming up..
Top braces off tomorrow!
it's hard to judge just based off one episode. I'll probably give it a couple more before I decide whether to continue.
hold me lol
want to go in halvsies with me?
Taking by state inspector exam blah!!
good we need to hang soon
I think they have a right to the best care available. And also to understand its an inherently violent game. There are risks
TSA agents never offer happy endings :(
Thanks for #FF! Have a blessed Sunday!
haha.. yep :DD lol I hate this! ~~ have a nice few hours of your weekend girls :))*
well thanks! i appreciate it :D.
Love it! Have fun!
everybody fucks up but damn man. Steve Blake a cool lil nigga, he was just a little off.
Sunrise over Mt. Rainer. Beautiful morning in Seattle.
": I need an assistant." < yes to this!
Hey it's BK, Happy 4/20 at 4:20! What is your all time favorite line from anything Cheech and Chong?
Maybe but it feels much better today than it did 30 days ago
I messed up so much on that tweet. But I'm too lazy to do it again.
Finally drinking the Alpine Lager I got at Super Ball IX. Its a canned Canadian beer in the disguise of an American Macro Lager
Do you have the link to that library in a box thing that you tweeted about a while back? Can't find on Google.
Grit and determination made that Seguin goal. Comparable to a hard fought offensive rebound in traffic.
RT : Do you need something to do with your little dancer this weekend. Once Upon a Time by the Washington Ballet is......
"Peace is the product of Faith, Strength, #energy, Will, Sympathy, Justice, Imagination, and the triumph of principle. "
Line out in Bath 22
2Days with no pop! :O
3am and I'm...still...eagerly digging through statements/receipts in search of deductions. Damn you self-employment tax, you're crushing me.
Sunday nights at Coda is happening. Great sound, bands booked by Stephanie Dalton and a good food. I even find parking! WOW
#relationships It is not better to be right than to be close to your partner.
No doubt about it, homie. Not hating on his game, only the players of his game.
#SIGNSUASIDECHICK he only takes you out to eat in a different city
I had a date tonight. For all the anxiety I suffered beforehand, it turned into a wonderful evening.
i been ok...it's been long
Good morning tweeps. I had to get up way too early this morning. And I'm still waiting for the coffee to finish brewing.
gshit cuh got some pink red and black snoop socks on
sigh .. we sink to new/old depths RT : leg warmers are coming back - O-M-G!! there's one piece of fashion I did not miss
it would have been perfectly great if they hadn't superimposed that girl's face in the trees.
Did you know? The Film Term: "adjustment" is a bump in pay given to a stuntperson for performing a particularly complex or dangerous stunt.
morning Caroline...and Happy Mother's Day to you!
"Don't call me nipple" - Me
And riding a "horse"? Kudos on an excellent episode! Too bad watching again can't double ratings
I'm in town from the east coast & will be @ the #uawow in #Denver to stop the GOP's
no it a grey :)
Fantastic hike at Runyon today...the sun feels so good on my body and there are so many girls out today! Shower then Ashmaster's!
Yes.RT : Needs to be a website where I can download all the music I've paid for but w/ files jailbroken so I can actually use them.
Thanks for the RTs and support!
That's so cool! Thanks for letting me know!! :)
What makes your mom the best?
Words can even explain how fun was today.
it's the least I can do ;)
I'm not gonna pretend to be someone I'm not for u cause evenly someone will love me for who I am..
Any Columbus peeps need tickets for with on 11/11 hit me up!
The Truth Men are like roses. watch out for all the pricks...
At least once a month I'll have unnecessary anxiety attacks over my socks and shoes. I don't even have that many socks and shoes.
Adventure Run this Thursday night at #Greenlake ! We're hosting the after party - featuring $1.50 pints!!
“What you are is what you have been. What you’ll be is what you do now.” – Buddha
“: I don't often hear it mentioned as such, but hope is a powerful thing.”|| It sure is my friend!
well I just got this because my phone was being a piece of crap... Sorry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Yes! great presentation and great audience! I appreciated your answer about embracing a multiplicity of gender presentations...
Alright so to tell you the truth, today confused me even more.
On vacation in Port Aransas, TX I caught an Atlantic croaker, two ladyfish and one stingray. Floating the San Marcos River Saturday...
OMG!! I LOVED ur some so much!! Ah! And i was so happy when u sang im yours
Morning Sunshine! I'm feeling positive about Detroit today. :)
25 minutes of editing another's work just did more to clear my head than I can imagine. Props to my little sis!
I've dealt with insecure women all my life... Now I know how to deal with them...
sharing how sponsorship supports who says he couldn't train without it
With Living Stress Free® solutions happen effortlessly as by-products of the program.
It makes me sad to know that no matter how important you are to me I'll never be that important to you...
Last minute invite to , courtesy of Jane Lopes. Life doesn't suck at the moment.
IM GONNA LIVE MA LYFEE YAKNOW DAT WE GONNA BE ALRIGHT
you gotta love short holiday weeks!
It wasn't about you!
I know! No one can get enough of me;)
all is good sweetie! Don't sweat the small things!!! ;)
ah its wierd because I can see myself just like him.. Ah why:/
Heading out to Phoenix!
SF Bay Area Fox 2 News Teaser on Cyclists and the rules of the road is weak. Not wearing a helmet is not illegal. Hope the story is better.
shout out!
me too (: haha
Due to all the shenanigans we are moving a bit slow this AM. Such a fun weekend though, already planning next years excursion.
Of all human activities, man's listening to God is the supreme act of his reasoning and will
Dearly beloved if this love only exists in my dreams, don't wake me up
I want to swim in that
I fuhken love my new shoes!!!!!
what's up my Lil brah
The world feels far to full of people fueled by fear rather than joy. All I want is simple, pure joy.
Gabby gotta rewrite the love shit. Again. I don't care if we barely talk now. YOU'RE GONNA DO IT GIBS.
5: ask him if he likes sleeping, and if he says YES tell him 'you like sleeping, I like sleeping..lets do it together sometime;)
I love that , , and the sharks live tweet while watching the show.
Hey guys, the first night of In-Q's two-night only show was awesome...one more night..tomorrow...be warned...standing room only.
your'e good, just wanted to make sure:)
Happy New Year from the AppkeTekGuru family!!
First weekend of winter break, and I'm sick when everybody's in town and wants to hang out. :|
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you hear some old lady say yay Victoria's secret!
#denverleadership Ersek " in Denver people ask how are you and they MEAN it. You have to answer, in detail!"
There are 2 things to aim for in life- 1st to get what you want and after that to enjoy it!
Hey there! We are a Master's Program in Digital Media! We'll be in NYC, could we maybe see your space & chat with you?
A beautiful day in Chicago the beaches are packed, my laundry is in, Im debating between checked and carry on, headed to Philly in a bit YAY
very creepy since you are responding to my I lick my ketchup phone tweet
How many kids do these GOP candidates have combined? My math says 127, but seems low.
:( Feel better!
Wow! That was a long time ago. I'm glad I said something positive:) Thanks for the kind words re: Grub.
Check out my new FB page! Irresistible Woman - Sacramento, CA!
American Citizens can now be arrested for NO reason, and be detained with NO trial for ANY amount of time!
#RedSox threatening in Bottom 5 vs. #OaklandAs 1st and 2nd, none out. Middlebrooks gets first MLB hit, an infield grounder he legged out.
jus caught a muscle spasm lol
Macrocephaly Autism? That's a new one for me. Genetic testing on my 3 yr old & 15 yr old twins may show a common link for
where do u get the wristbands? Sorry to ask just got on! (:
Gearing up for my weekly nerd rage.
Thanks! So glad you caught that. You should come down to on Wed. for our premier party. We'd love to see you
#SDSummit 'a no cost RFP' mentioned by did you govies hear that, and know you can do no cost rfps?
You keep saying you want your knight in shining armour and you keep looking so hard for him, when in reality he's been here the whole time
wait are you indirectly calling alex gonzalez a woman for going on maternity leave? or is he going on paternity leave?
2 hours down, 8 more to go!
Oh snap! Jean Claude van Damme is on THSS this morning. I have so many questions for him...mostly about Bloodsport.
Even in the darkness of the night, my Lord has scattered stars to enlighten my world. How can i be afraid? -EtSk~
i dm you
is stoked about an awesome meeting I had this morning... and the coffee... that adds to my stokedness
i've been an Orioles fan.... baseball season i love. but it'll be year 14 or 15 of losing. ugh.
Oomf is so ratchet
& - Do you have a link to something that can give me more info about why you think Bank Transfer Day is wrong?
if u went to the Young Cracka music video shoot for BITCH IM IN THE BUILDING...MAKE SURE TO BRING UR STELLAR RAGS WITH YOU!!!!
Hi Marco, thanks for the follow! Did you receive my email with the responses to your questions? :)
Good morning!
Shit, im about to go download that song
I know love. You'll meet you're prince charming soon. I promise :)<3
Tony Stark loves fast cars and AC/DC. I love fast cars and AC/DC. Therefore, I am Tony Stark
Alert! Who are the most needy & disenfranchised among us? Jesus said we haven't found HIMuntil we've found THEM & served them.
Dreams take time, patience, sustained effort, and a willingness to fail if they are ever to be anything more than dreams.
Oh!! My momma said u leave 2morrow or something like that.
Saw great exhibit by Fernando Botero, Colombian artist who paints "chubby" figures -- social criticism. Very cool and interesting
great :) because you scared me here for a few minutes! I come from a land of no tornadoes and extreme weather!
married ones get weirder too!
if anyone could...you could...and therefore you must...from the top of the sears building to my front porch would work
It wouldn't surprise me if he ended up with the #Spurs who need a backup PG with the T.J. Ford retirement.
:) Good Times! RT : #FF These cats I met last night.
Ahaha! you're welcome.
Wednesday nights might make my DVR explode. Why can't it record four shows at once??
SMH on these young moms who have a different baby daddy for every kid
My boy saw the struggle fro and facial hair today.
camera take over:cheese,smile,laugh,shout,jump,run singer: what the hell who is the singer just kiding guys
Have you checked out the new photos on www.3651holboro.com
Thanks! I try to make it interesting, but I am never sure if anyone actually looks at it.
Why is it cold in the mornings and blistering hot in the afternoon.
Take great care in managing your reputation and relationships - best asset
Impressed (but not surprised) by the great speakers at the PMO conference
- - they say "when you know, you know." Well, I know.
im ready for prom now, got it all take care of.... except for the ticket lol
My version of "Free hugs" is a sign hung around my neck that says "Ewww, get the fuck away from me."
Yeah, I'd need to NOT include 'shitty' and every version of the F word. I guess that would defeat the purpose, huh -_-
Finally seeing the hunger games :)
nothing quite like a random drunk lady shouting in your ear. At least it was in time to the music.
urban outfitters has the best tanks. And they are 10% off!
thanks lol I don't need saving ;)
What would you do if you got 3 seconds of your life back?
Yeah. The Cave Singers are phenomenal. This is a gift.
You'll have to pardon the spelling when I get into something I don't watch. We are supposed to be the intelligent species.
MITx from also a reminder that successful brands play offense. "Dilute the brand?" No. MITx strengthens the brand globally.
Kids got off to a good start this Monday morning. I think that I sign of a good week ahead.
I hate you both. Lol
And then the republican told me he could own me if he really tried. UM no sir, I own you at life.
Here here!
Which automobile was the infamous John Dillinger's favourite car to steal? A. Ford B. Chevrolet C. Buick D. Packard
i want to start a #sports #business. anyone have ideas?
and the ball is in my court. I win lol
damn, I wanted to go to the fanfest but that's the day before I'm back...
I always tweet certain stuff when certain people are online so I can impress them with my humour and wit
TOMORROW! Backseat Goodbye, Goot, and more! $10, Rochester American Legion @ 5:30. Be there!
214 :) ... Was not easy but lost another lb this week. This is the lowest my weight has been for over a decade.
can dance! Love this song he's performing on
I like what the historic pres dept did
i miss yewww!!!
I don't understand tweets but still I follow.
Time to get my run on. 3 miles and Im out. I'll hit the weights tonight.
u call ur mom a whore...huh??
Power isn't for everyone simply because some people don't know how to behave when they have it
#whereimfrom "y'all" and giving hugs are like breathing - part of life.
I haven't heard one person say he was washed up, have you?
A true icon for many
In addition to our downtown dining specials, we're offering a free appetizer buffet during our happy hour!
i agree with you whole-heartedly and appreciate you calling bullshit.
oh lily is my best friend like weve known each other since we were 3
yea guess what my roomies were doing when I got home yesterday.....SOMEONE even went to the midnight release. SMH
Trish Van Pilsum's window washing investigation tonight on FOX 9 Learn the disturbing number of MN deaths and watch her do the dangle!
check your dm. And DM me your contact info
Dude, it's christmas! Merry Christmas! I can't wait to see my gift!
Anybody in the #Milwaukee WI area? TBW is playing in your city April 5th at Mad Planet 8pm. Come join us for a beer and some Rock & Roll.
Game 1 of Cal Berkeley Football season tickets!!! Go Bears!!
Congrats to all those signing on #NationalSigningDay, but where's the mass media coverage for #JaxYouth that get to college w/o sports?
lol shit I always had a thing about being right wit my suspicions lol.. looks like I still am
eh...if he likes it and he's smart about it I don't see the harm ;p
Q2 ALL libraries should be doing some type of survey/evaluation. How else can we prove we're accomplishing anything?
Love going on the roof to put up christmas lights «3
I love seeing happy gay couples
Agree! Lovely story; thanks.
First pass at reconciling artist name vs. ULAN: 61% hits. Contemporary / new media artists wrecking the curve, I suspect...
Thanks! How have you been? Thanks for all the photos of the ranch. Can I use them for ?
Good evening and welcome to our healing, breakthrough and deliverance serivce! We will be broadcasting shortly!
Today is either National Rollerblade Day, or I just entered a time portal back to the 90s.
#Nuggets crowd doing it's job in the 1st half. So are the point guards: 22 buckets, 15 assists
ha not very well lol
Ugh, people are screaming everywhere in the water.
Democracy and empowerment constrained by select designers? Is this full empowerment?
both of you aint bout it
I'd Rather have watched commercials than that craptastic half-time show
I eat Mozzarella today. Period ; )
Nosotros back in Santa Fe this Saturday Night! Nosotros Live @ El Farol!! 9pm
When a newly married man looks happy, we know why
follow me please
hopefully they can get their act together and win tonight's game or we might not see another home game this year
die homework, die.
georgia's weather is really crazy last night we had black ice and it got down to low 20's and today it got up to 50 and rained all day
You on facebook?
so how many nannies does it take to raise 7 children and 536 foster children? #bachman???
wow... thats crazy
jst ate vintage candy :D
I think I might just go ahead and do one then. xD I need something to do with my madness and energy.
I need you more than anything & you won't talk to me .. Thanks .. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
DVR alert 4 Blake Shelton on Tonight Show W/Jay Leno & Lady A on Late Nt W/Jimmy Fallon(NBC).
KEEP US POSTED WITH UPCOMING DATES AND LOCATIONS AND too :)
Thank you!
suck ya own dick.
That's actually a very good idea.
S/O To Wud Up Doe?
haRT : BESTFRIEND: the one you can get mad at only for a short period because you have important stuff to tell them
WHATS UP PEOPLE?
So nice to meet you tonight, and Congratulations again!
Not sure this counts but I'm a voice coach w/openings for new students - as long as I'm teaching I don't need a day job! :-)
Happy new year everyone!!!!!
Please check out my Gameboy games and systems for sale on eBay if you are into that kind of thing. Search reedy9er - thanks a lot!
is there an EarlyWord YA galley chat today?
get better soon ;)
this is a joke right???
Let's stop #Kony now!
Budget hearing for Baltimore City Fire Department is underway. Watch live on
Agreed. If the speaker is good enough to handle/remember. Another reason to sufficiently practice huh?
Any advice on how to make your (great) site turn a horizontal spreadsheet into readable data?
hey u follow ppl bak ill follow them and f4fs ok
hey James nice performance, gonna vote for u, for sure !!!!!!!!
Why must white people put trash on trash on trash in their cars?!?!
nah you hate me, it's cool, I understand :p
I think I'm going to start a list of reasons why living with my parents is awesome. Tonight's: family gin & tonics, bbq & a movie!
Galaxy Nexus is here. I'll miss you Nexus One.
what kiind of blue:o
I thought you were leaving today obviously I would love to spend another night with you
ready to conquer Riverside Casino tomorrow mornin :)
Sure going to miss seeing play at Denver
*SAGA*SAGA*SAGA* COME OUT TOMORROW NIGHT ~ALL BLACK AFFAIR~IT'S GOING TO BE A GOOD NIGHT DRESS2IMPRESS!!!
Absolutely not. Just the thought of it is making me want to crack open a bottle of Jack.
after painting for the afternoon, i realize that i am a level two drawer and a level one painter.
If you could be 10pounds richer or even get a pauls boutiques bag some of you girls are willing to PHUCK a herpes infected horse
Cool. I'll check that one out! Thanks!
Listening to you bitch about nothing <<<<<<
#quotes #music If music be the food of love, play on. William Shakespeare
RT Winners never quit and quitters never win
I hate the DM messages I get from people that say people say bad stuff about me umm if I cared I would of set shit straight along time ago
absurd! We've been teaching our young since civilization began! It doesn't have to b so complicated!
we should get #50000mahomies trending for <3; <U+2665>
ill upload that #snipe i have of you tiff.
PREACH THE GOOD NEWS OF THE KINGDOM OF GOD (Luke 4:43) Are you ready for God to get in your boat--to late! He is already in amen. #Sir Court
Who says I don't see that? I AGREE WITH YOU. Stop calling me names... that solves no problem.
now that's a tuxedo!!! Bravo!
I miss you :(
hey how r u?
Dreamt my cousin last night...had a conversation with him, he was smiling and laughing telling me "I'm fine, I'm fine...don't worry!"
Really?? I know I've been in Sonics drive thru a good 10 mins for 3 chicken strips
what's good? How u been bro
yea yea ight
GOOD LUCK today in the NLC Semi Finals against Det Mercy! Show No Mercy Ladies!!
Tina get in the groove bro! I was dancin:)
that's whats up bro. so life's good? how's your daughter doing?
“: #CelebrityTwitterPasswords Bieber's was 'mypenis' but it came up as too short.” not funny, Mitch!
You see this ? RT : BREAKING: Derek Jeter passes Tony Gwynn, ties Robin Yount on all-time hits list with 3,142.
It's #Fridaythe13th ...therefore I feel great! And you, sir?
it's so much fun waiting for things to come in the mail though sldfjsdfdsfs
I have decided to go for a walk
isn't she adorable?! And yeah, she's pretty smart. Not a baby though, about 5 years old :)
lame! I know someone that would chew gum while singing onstage. Btw, we started Sean T insanity yesterday...
Out again waiting for the moonrise. I know it's one day passed super but it'd clear and I brought a tripod.
Next thing you know we are going to find out that Mitt played rough in organized sports in high school.
They are playing Omar Khorshid at now. Belly dance surf rock in Highland Park!
Getting ready to hang with my girl, The Diva....:-) Then to bed for something that's ran from me for the past 3 days....SLEEP!
just got home!
I'm Lou Piniella mad at They lost to Jeff Suppan. Shutout by Soup
Lots of great deals going around for #BSHM! Be sure to check out too, on sale soon
How is your Sunday night treating you?! What did your workout consist of today?
Sensate focus was originally conceived by Masters and Johnson. It involves a step-by-step sequence of body touching exercises, moving from..
I had to work until right now on my bday. I deserve a freaking medal or something...
Goodnight lovelies <3
no one can
Follow Me Back? :)
RT : hey #RVA what's going on tomorrow night? Looking for a great place to celebrate my birthday!
Who wants a personal #imagine ? Tweet me your name :)
Love it! RT : The next time you have writer's block, go out and DO something worth writing about.
RT : is coming soon Let's help keep SF the greenest city in US by recycling badges. Bring a badge/lanyard to Camp. K?
Thanks for the mention Bizzy! :)
Just finished up at the gym
"Dignity is the opposite of real time." -- Jaron Lanier #sxswi (via )
I've got a lot of things to think about..
Portland's economy is solely based on hanging out. I might need to move here and retire now.
In truth? My text WAS a little pissy - but I had emphasized my need for her to be on time that night, asked her to come early.
Rest in peace, Ruth Fernandez, “el alma de Puerto Rico hecha canción.”
1 hour to college kickoff and we have 135 cappers with action posted with 3 consensus from their pks and it is all FREE
Happy Hour! 4 to 7pm! $3 rails, $3 select drafts, $3 house wine. Come on in and get a brick oven pizza and a pint!
It's all about the ravens around here isn't it?
planning a bigger #barcampabq for 2012 - probably Feb. Come down for that!
damn man that beat is ridiculous ah it's like falling in love
Way to be Awesome! Love your interview with David Gaider!
I honestly dont consider us friends anymore. At all.
I don't know why talks to manly hoesssssss
it's alright!
Eddie Moten makes his presence felt as he intercepts a pass and returns it for a touchdown, Preds lead 34-10.
Me too! RT : I still think this whole Reynolds going on the DL is phony.
#6749 is jealous! And eyein' your prize.
Thanks for the RT! Have a terrific evening! :)
Nose has been hurting all day but nothing comes out
miss you so much more Julia! Happy new year!!! <3
Bristol Palin is as relevant as fanny packs.
smoking tea? Like in a pipe?
Thank god! Congrats! She's gotta some pretty bomb Aunt's lined up to teach her the ways of irritating Jake!
RT : discovered i may be able to study abroad in istanbul. making this happen
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be. –Ken Venturi
There are many things in this world that I like too much. Maybe one day I'll tell you what they are.
Hot as fuck >.<
Why did the blonde get excited after she finished her jigsaw puzzle in only 6 months? Becuz the box said for 2-4 years.
dude u a creeper. Lol
: Then why did we execute Japanese for waterboarding during WWII?
Woohoo! Looking forward to it! RT before i know it, its going to be my dinner date with the fabulous !!! Can't wait :)
RT : I'm not even gonna get mad anymore. I'm just going to learn to expect the lowest out of the people I thought the highest of."
Go crazy, buy a book! I miss borders ð<U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
LUV RT : #ItsTimeForYouToRealize that we are all on this planet together! Let's try and live peacefully, helping and...
are those your favorites?
Shakedown make this hour happy! The bartender is making some pineapple dreams come true. . .
In the sequel they take their capers to Mexico
RT #c2css12 any links for non-attendees to check out presentation materials? keep your eyes on the website!
Thank you! I plan to eat the leftovers for lunch. The other salad was also lovely.
Mercato in Little Italy?
has gone on the record in support of marriage equality.
guess i can't put off doing my taxes any longer
's performance on Ellen was amazing! Great job!:)
TONIGHT - Special Guest, International DJ, Cosmo (Thomas Godel) along with Lotus Resident DJ's XES & Justin George and Guest DJ Amy Lopez!
"â<U+FFFD>¥ Thank you for the invite much blessings (\0/)
Anyone can tackle Monday when Sunday dinner is grilled flat iron steak, asparagus and Sinfonia Tempranillo.
Finally working again after months of unemployment? I'd like to talk to you. Email me direct at . Thanks!
This rumor has gotten so far out of control
I promise :)
That's the last time I trust htc's garbage weather app
"The Son of Man will come at an hour when you do not expect him" (Luke 12:40)
Going Back to Tampa :)
Is this conference aimed more at teachers, tech integration specialists, administrators or others?
Tom Wilson~ Honesty is the best image.
RT The sooner ~ I dissolve ~ in this rain ~ the faster ~ I become one ~ with myself.
Just want to wish the most beautiful girl n the world a very happy birthday today...happy birthday Danielle!! Love you!
thanks :) I love it! Thanks for the encouragement. BOOM
Unexpected lunchtime jazz concert in the employee cafe. Yes.
Where is online TV headed? What web TV business models will survive? What do you want to see happen? Join the discussion at
Qbs are playing to their 40's now. I take weeden leading this team for 10 yrs while we develop othe qbs
She was meowing very loudly. People heard it and came to get me.
what we gon bet or how much?
So sick of everyone
aww that's so sweet <3
Relaxing listening to music texting watching tv <U+E405>
you're telling me. I cried the night I found out he was moving back to Tennessee. And again the night I heard he wanted to move
We will get to OKC as soon as possible! Merci for coming to Tulsa to see us in the meantime!
I'm sorry #Ubuntu I'm having a huge issue still wrapping my head around the #Unity interface, does that make me bad?
Thanks to your tweet, I dvr'd a rerun of the Always Sunny with Frank's brother - that was brilliant
i dont know where to get them.you could look for them on google or something.i have some saved on my computer.
it's the first day of school for the munchkins! Finally.
MusicalStop.com Home of the INDEPENDENT ARTIST!
Having lunch AGAIN!! Guess I should try sumthn new...Isle Spice Chicken??
New today: The latest installment in our discussion of meta-movies, What's it Meta For? Today's movie: The Holy Mountain
Also, checked out your website. You do some pretty kewl work! Now I'm hungry. :)
its friday;)
How you make me laugh, how you make me smile, as I casually examine your ass, I like your style.....
eminem the rapper?
Big props to #SportingKC for playing "Sabotage" before tonight's match!
Hah, it was! I was getting mad.
have fun!
meet me there after freedom... their service starts
First the PO can't close my box as their computer is down. Now the bank gave away their key to open the room to the safety dep box.
My son is doing excellent in t-ball. Just needs to work on not tackling his teammates when trying to get the ball.
us too:)
MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND... MAY 27TH!!! BLACK AND WHITE PARTY... AREA 31.
#CIL11 speaker noted research libs can get DRM-free ebooks for their campuses - examples anyone? Can't be common for works in copyright
Had a wonderful audition for Freedom Summer on Saturday at the Network in NYC!
Denver for the men, Penn for the women.
time to put this account to work!!!
The Independent Designer Pop Shop is back through Nov 27th, just in time to get a jump on your holiday shopping!
you're the BEST customer ever miss steph g
Nice to see my publisher at the NALP PDI conference in DC.
Henry you need to check out book: Essential Hard Rock and Heavy Metal. Fantastic read.
Do you have pinkeye or something? Should I be staying away from you? Or just allergies?
Have you used Mozilla Popcorn Maker yet? What are your thoughts?
The only true happiness comes from squandering ourselves for a purpose. Cowper, William
seriously? how?
'sheryl sandberg and mark zuckerberg having lunch at four season's #boston to promote their stock offerings' -how does my dad know this?
#pool-party x)
Chamber Chair Brent Cooper names NKYEC as leading education and alignment in Greater Cincinnati Region
the market at U & 14th is opening on Saturday too. I've never been to that one. Might have to check it out.
It would be easier to vote if the candidates would say what they really believed and not just what they think we want to hear
hm...youthful? i doubt any of them will "outgrow" their racism.
As mayor I will fix the city schools and I will do so within my first term.
please follow me<33
Is anyone participating in National Wear Your #Pajamas to #Work Day today? I'm curious to see if anyone is brave enough. If so, send pics!
i love asking alexandria. ben bruce marry me now
Waking up slow.
Playing like that isn't going to get you any where.
oh and tell me she doesn't look like Zooey DesChannel. I'll fight you.
Shit or get off the pot.
happy birthday man get well soon we need you out there. go blazers!
no not yet do you know when they go on sale
Getting goosebumps during this montage.
Kellin Quinn's daughter will be hot.
4 in a row?
Just visited Kyle. It sure doesn't seem like its been a year.
I'm at a funeral, maybe I should address that.
my understanding is that Jefferson was a Deist who believed Jesus thought of himself ....as a Deist, not a messianic figure.
Hamilton won AL Player of the Week. You should be mad at Beltran!
Lets go Beltran !
follow miss mimipink and she will gladly follow back!
: Just to F'k with you cause Im bored..
No wonder your people aren't performing, folks: they have no investment in the company, have too much expected of them, and aren't trained.
Using #HTML5 Boilerplate version 3 for a responsive QR code landing page.
...and none for Gretchen Wieners.
stop ya bitch to stop complainin
This is how we're getting to our goal! : take over the top/45 more followers means $75K City O PDX fund 2 put...
i swear if you do that again...
Jeff McDonald: Daniel Chong was handcuffed the entire time in DEA custody and probably spent entire weekend in darkness.
lol she's not the best vocalist but she is much respected what's the 411 and my life were classic albums
watch him follow you tho
ZAYN FOLLOW ME ! PLEASE ! I LOVE U ZAYN ! YOUR AN INSPIRATION AND I LUVV U ! PLEASE FOLLOW ME <3 PLEASE <3 ;D
do you like your macbook air more than your macbook pro? do you find your macbook air is fast enough?
: Jeremy Lin is Brandon Roy reincarnated?"lin not drafted. Roy a #6 pick. : similar playing style though for sure
Love God first & watch the pieces of your life fall right into place.
I'm on my way to Grant High School for the Hollywood Jammers Game. It's still not too late to come join THE GAME and other Celebrities
This nigga is not funny and This girl got a smart ass mouth
That is the saddest looking podium that I have ever seen
There will be Gatorade at several water stations along both the Full and Half Marathon courses.
Jay-Ism # 1 - "Do Not judge a man based on what he does, but Instead judge him based on what he could do, if you just help him."
Keyframe User Interface looking great!
Most women never even dream about being a size 4. The modeling industry needs to rethink the message they're sending.
We have a crush on librarians.
I know, right? It's been too many years since I used "ceedus lapeedus" in a conversation...
Joe Hooker wanted to win final battle of #CivilWar & be President. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan. But he failed. $2.99 KindleAmazon
Running into old high school teachers.at the bar = priceless! haha
that's OK, Johnson County: totally expected you to turn up your nose...
My childhood was destroyed when i turned 11 and didn't get my Hogwarts acceptance letter
I'm a nobody, here to tell everybody, about somebody who can save ANYBODY!
and and his bookcase climb is genius. "What did I come for again?"
You're welcome!
why thank you...how is the #knee?
well, you ain't sleeping when you get here! disorientation begins soon
this is set of dancer are. Good
u catch it, you keep it
Our #ripple #ipad app just got approved today!
Daniellla is my life saver, & got them
looks great!
It is kind of awkward to be in the same car with your ex and his wife!
So beautiful in downtown DC this morning. The Capitol is literally sparkling in the sun.
My jaw hurts so bad
Broke the screen on my phone. No insurance. Will Apple or Verizon do anything?
I love our #Britax carseat/stroller, but the straps are not long enough to anchor in my car!
I'm sorry I missed our Friday HH rendezvous. Was apartment hunting. Btw I failed.
I'm sad, my mom () said I might get to meet tonight. But he didn't even look at our sections :(
Encouraging adult learners - where does that cultural message come from? Employers, says Amy Sherman (CAEL).
like afternoon.. Or so.
Sending our thoughts to Virginia Tech
has the biggest heart ever <3 love you xo
plans for tonight: re-do my "about me" section of my blog.
How do ppl post things, with no punctuation? I can't read that! #Venting lol
Yes for
should favor this just because I <3 him (:
I knew rondo was going to miss that jumper
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 99
What kind of idiot let's their dog out to bark at 2am..can somebody, anybody tell me that much. Obviously I'm trying to tweet here!
You might contact the mfrs. too for discontinued or tradeshow-worn samples. They get a deduction & good PR.
by like cambodican an Jimmy ds. I remember seeing a girl and was like she looks familiar but idk lol
Wishing you all a Happy Valentines Day!
Back at the theater tonight! Get you tickets for NEXT at www.here.org
What the hell is going on?! QPR with the lead!
you working out today?
SIX WEEKS UNTIL THE BEACH!!!!!!
Our musicians still haven't shown up. About time to bust out
What could possibly go wrong?
Dog feeling better. Phew.
Adding a new twist to my Mixtape. Hope you guys like it :)
Dude is having a Late Life crisis…Going Crazy!!!
Twisting today at The Muppet Movie at The Showcase Cinemas Du Lux Randolph, Ma. from 2-4 Pm in the Lobby! Come join us with Radio Disney!
what's up??
Krejci 0-for-2 on faceoffs on his first shift. So what's Bergeron's status tonight?
Great TV this weekend. Watched on Saturday and then and on Sunday. Now off to finish my novel!
Bummed I'm gonna miss #Clippers vs. #Knicks at MSG tonight. Damn you #CAR class--you win again.
Looking forward to seeing speak today!
jell-o shot goin down rite now
you should have seen the party last night. Halloween on 6th street was awesome.
I'm wearing my contacts today.. My class will be like " omg where your glasses?" hahaha
yes, thanks. Proposal submitted!
Early bird gets the worm, I guess that's why I never have any worms
Candlelight Yoga tonight?
Because AKC standards ruin functional dog breeds in favor of appearance
oh, internet, you are so wonderful. but only my chiropractor can fix my back.
Thanks for the #ff!
When I am completely knocked out in broadcasting>>
Scramble with friends is pretty fun
Very nice page, Barry. You are obviously way ahead of me. Next step is adding 'pages' to my 'page. How? Who knows....?
The entertainment of tomorrow — today - St. Albert Leader
Happy Holidays everyone!
Haha, we are looking to add another location further south. Next time you go to the beach, stop by!
Mele Kalikimaka from Palms at Wailea 1510. We hope you have a wonderful year.
Okay holdon If i'm nt Dunni can i be you??.
76er's getting there points only by free throws.
RT : thanx for being so fab U inspired all. I know ure EXHAUSTED! But like u said, we can sleep when we're dead
I'm really hoping that another network picks up Harry's Law. It is one of my favorite shows.
Listening to Who Will Comfort Me by Melody Gardot. Sweet brushwork, tasty drums, swinging horns and the incredible M-Voice
Great! When you're finished, you can explain it to me. I tend to confuse "work" and "expression". :D
RT : heyy wassup -- nothing much chilling watching the game.. U??
FYI, I am no longer in
Lets add a little zing to Tuesday!! Mention that you saw the Facebook/Twitter post today and get a FREE SPICY SANDWICH!!!! Today only!!
Nobody does jeans and a t-shirt better than me.
Knocked up big
I did detox a long time ago. It was so hard the first week or so, then it got better. But why would YOU diet? LOL. flawless.
Shiiit. I know I'm about to gain hella mass using creatine but my goal is also to also burn fat. Is that even possible?
good advice, thanks
Auction time for at ! Very exciting...
Hi, Adina, thanks for following me
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH. you just made my NIGHT. omg , I frikin love you :)
Having rapturous brunch - Elvis waffle w/baconbananapb. Prep for
Little John and professor nuts soon hit the stage
Holy shit, this is not good. :/ Map your house out as a grid, assign everyone a section & go totally #CSI good luck!
Today's password "go rangers!"
"Only by giving are you able to receive more than you already have." - Jim Rohn
Good day...
The whale sounds in Boyfriend are really cracking me up! XD
#Indaba #2012 Day 1 at the #Durban ICC. Lots of great products & services on display.
Yeah. I have just really completely had it today. This month is terrible. I need to learn more languages.
Thanks for the follow!
it was upsetting thats my favourite outfit but i guess i cant wear it :/ WHAT YOU DOING?xx
This is very cool. Thanks for sharing it. #wls2012 will appreicate this.
"If we treasure our own experience and regard it as real, we must also treasure other people's experience." – John Charles Polanyi
Thank you so much!! Hugs!! xoxo
The iPhone has to be a God. It's everything.
Love those "light bulb moments" when I FINALLY get what God's been trying to tell me.Thank You Lord, for your patience with me.
the juniper bends as if it were listening: Weekly Recommendation ...
I AM DYING LAUGHING!
JUST GOT IN CKRIB HAD TOOK BRU WIFEY TO THE HOSPITAL BEEN DEER SINCE 639 IN MORNING BT HM WHOS UP WITH ME .
Another ;) cheers!
Ew. Creep alert!
please follow she is you biggest fan!59
This is "fantastic" RT Yes, it's true: I went to Lady Gaga last night. She put on a fantastic show. I did not, however....
if you need me, ill be dressed in AMURICA and #NASCAR at the QUAKERSTATE400
o fuck this shit is EPIC
can you bring an album out already?!
you're half the ruminant you used to be.
Man, COD Black Ops servers are tripping!!! Thanks 3arch for messing up ONCE AGAIN!!!
Happy Mothers Day!
pickup Manning in TEN on your way here
Miss you guys. Must make my way down there soon!
*raises hand* I'm someone's wife. RT : doing my part in the war on marriage by sleeping with all of your wives
ah!!!!!! Can't wait for California sun! Just in time too. Winter is about to finally hit Northern Indiana!
NWST: breaks down what to do with struggling #Mariners and on #Seahawks Draft and QB situation. 930 11pm KONG
Weekend #Costco shoppers are ruthless when it comes to grabbing samples. Manners don't apply.
I am as constant as the North Star... Which I can see from my house!
Today is the National Day of Prayer. Whether you make it out to an event or not, please take time to pray for America. Romans 13:1-2
...the Emory T. Clark Family Foundation, the Schoenleber Foundation and the David & Julia Uihlein Foundation.
It's like Movin mountains....
Dobbs and Hayes need to be regulars in the lineup. Buck and Gaby are blowing it. Admit it, Juan. Don't lie to me.
loving cara black's murder in the marais!
What?... tweeted me back? I would so attempt a cartwheel right now if I knew I wouldn't break any bones
go for it!
I literally just saw quite possibly the most hideous bloke alive! If only my camera had launched more quickly as words cannot describe! ;-(
tweet me if you wanna co-own i am looking for 3 co-owners
One direction.... Your perfect. Me and Harry.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008F>........ Yes.
#imagine Austin In he Shower 0_0
Never sacrifice who you are just because someone else has a problem with it.
- Calling all Cars... Reha coming to SF, LA... Can you arrange a car? and a
Im slept good as hell lastnite and I went to sleep early dat ain't Neva happened but I was tired tho
The first annual HubSpot User Group, HUG, has been very well received
Only 2 new members at
Tryin to keep my head up.
We don't want anyone to feel rushed!
I guess Mike Brown can take his "Hang in there" kitty poster out of the box and hang it back up.
I've missed talking to you!!
"Thanks" is not a bad word to have included. good for you!
Go kill yourself Britt...
I'm doing my best to make it all work today, how about you?
Impress your friends and family in 2012-hang a #MIKELPATRIKoriginal on your wall!
I'm too tired today to be everyone's good friend. Please keep your problems, requests, drama to yourself. The doctor is NOT in.
Oklahoma sure has spirit!!<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
thanks for the lunchtime food for thought! more burning questions & things to mull, but i trust we'll get another chance!
“: Teach a child how to think, not what to think - Sidney Sugarman” amazing philosophy!
Forgive Me by #MissyHiggins is lyrical blessedness.
how did the surprise go?! Did you get video?!
#UFC Undisputed 3 is so accurate, half the time it goes to decision you get ROBBED.
Then give me some $$$$ oh, and you own me a Taco!!!
Did you know that kiwi has more than twice the vitamin C of an orange (when compared ounce for ounce)? 1 kiwi has 47 calories + 3g of fiber.
I hate when i fuck up..i just hate it!
Friends, wine, dogs. I feel complete tonight :)
Oh yeah, we're taking care of him ;-)
oh makes sense LOL same at my school(kinda)
So ready to party!!!
Something about this pretty girl blows my mind
Hope things change soon!
hehehe. It sucks when you grow a size though, getting all new bras and stuff
Crest Clamshell International sales heating up with new Alliance - www.Diecutuk.com
Here we go #Brewers!!
Ok, show me something! I don't buy or sell anything! Just here to enjoy and RT the ones that strike my fancy!! Have a good day
Another night all alone....
We were at the Council Budget Work Session yesterday. Thank you, Council Members for all the wonderful things you said about libraries!
tonight, tomorrow night @ 7 and tomorrow and Sunday @ 2 pm.
thanks man I really appreciate it!
a rec, no spandex needed group ride to discover the many paths and trails in the city.
haha, jaysus, sure id tip over!! lol, i like my itty bittys, more than a mouthfuls a waste eh??? ill keep tellin myself that!
woo! GO SOUNDERS!
good luck!
Hey I miss you that is all
TODAY HAS BEEN A GOOD DAY....
shout to you. =)
feeling a bit hopeful indeed.
I'm looking to hire a programmer to help me implement a language as a part-time gig. Send me a direct message if interested!
yeah it definitely does
aye so i guess my birthday weekend begins now((:
wasp on my jazz band class D: he'll no.
I kinda had some respect for Mike Smith before tonight. It all went right out the window with the crap he's done tonight!
They look way better in person too
I'd say when you get the bigger paycheck... but every step in between calls for a margarita or two, as well! Congrats!
thanks for coming to the world's oddest play with me haha
okay. Just wanted to make sure it made it in good order.
Lettuce, apples, and potatoes?
I'm not passionate about it, but I think they are overused and mostly unnecessary. I mean, it's a link.
Just because it's the only facial hair you have....
#ICantStandPeople who wear crocks.
Happy 2012. Thanks for sharing the video! Do you have any clips of you singing showtunes?
that's a lie I don't use that term freely unlike yu and she is my best friend
Poor kiddo's eyes are all red and puffy from his allergies. :( hopefully that benedryl will help him sleep.
very cool.
first saw his stuff with ashley wood in swallow.....mind blowing even up close.
BORED. someone talk to me. (:
:) RT of course! ("The Artist" deserved the best picture Academy Award.)
Not yet, just on the Mac for now. I've got some fun ideas though.
I've had this same thought. Or at the least a "share this book" feature. Especially if you could target it at specific ppl.
So when does christmas break start?
chill dude. I thought we were joking. I really didn't mean it lol.
there was a #coffee #tweetup and no one told me?! Haha! Have fun guys! :-)
Terrified for 1140am tomorrow
And mybest friend likes my other best friend. :/
sounds like my kids! :-)
Just got off the phone with my cousin who is a senior in HS. Helped provide quotes for her AP Lit paper on homework as an "expert". :)
Thanks for the favorite! How's your weekend?
lol I'm not even doing it, at the moment. I don't get why Mr. Barham expects us to do this.
lol ok ok
Photoshoot with went really well, now working on some new songs for the rest of the night!
Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise, of health
Me too!!! Itll be great for both sides if it does!
Life is to short to be upset...so smile :D
I am sure will be lined with flowers...
Gotta keep believing if you wanna know for sure
#happyeaster spread the love <U+2665>
A colleague of mine is processing a group of stills from Gregory Peck's first movie. Made my day!
Welcome to Indy GMEN! Beat the Pats for all #Colts fans.
thnx for the cell phone drive shout out. Are you going to tomorrow?
HA!!! I was really curious for those few minutes.
Let's go big d hold them
i know abit about that 2 i went to school on 63rd and black stone
Way to go with your commitment to sleep at the Capitol no matter what the weather! Thank you.
When I do that for my name, I get the hockey player.
JLo is looking more and more amazing!!!
Hanging out with jake and tanner for the first time in months!
bruised larynx...could of silenced the voice forever!
i hope u r alright
Im not gone say she ugly
lol well I think you succeeded.
hm me? Ha
And Finals Week will now be renamed "Fortnight Following the Week Preceding the Week Preceding Final Examinations."
"The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you."
Can I see you soon? <U+263A>
hahaha na you brought it around at the end - but you did say shit on the kaleo stage tho lol
Could I get an invite to try art.sy? I have some colleagues in the Miami museum world that are interested in seeing what it can do.
The gutless #Pens know it's over, so they are taking out #Flyers with cheap hits and dirty play.
Still got some tix to give a way...send me a DM with a name of either a Tash solo album or Alkaholiks album. Its that easy
Congrats to : Great win over Waco Midway 5-2. Katie (3), Sara and Megan G combine for the goals. Wonderful defensive display!
just booked my first personal training appointment for monday with thanks for referring me!
"Letter To My Son" hits home with me, major props to another dad doin' what it takes, I can relate for sure.
All I can say to this is EWWW --> RT Gone for an hour, come back and now Lonsberry's talking about his hemorrhoids.
#TANF is a program that helps women and children make the jump from unsafe relationship to a safe place.
lolololol never baked a burrito!
sure thing! Hope to make it out there for part of the ArtFest.
The tongues of the creatures wait, drawn to the fragile legs you walk on
You'll get the job for sure! Quit worrying
Congrats on the great reviews, I'm trying to round up a bunch of lit folk to see it in Dec.
"just a notch in a bed post?" "yea, line in a song, type deal" ...that just happened
Spending most of the night in the hospital. Hanging out with dear old dad to make sure he obeys the nurses. Geez, he can be stubborn. :)
I don't like seeing people sad ..
Feeling lucky? Call in a pledge of support at $50 and ask about our mystery grab bags, worth over $100! All sorts of goodies: 888-621-6900
Com law as favorite class? Major league nerd. Nerds rock.
Auction items descriptions coming in, sound amazing: AS IF MY LIFE by Divya Victor and MY SO-CALLED LIFE by Joey Yearous-Algozin
yea if they make ladies like u in Toronto Im coming now!
Thanks! And no Jakes 19, I'm 21 (Scotty) and Josh is 21 as well.
This bitch pissed in a parking lot in broad daylight!!!!! Wtf!
He get popped with some?
The difference between who you are and who you want to be is what you do!
Welcome Mendi Njonjo from African Technology and Transparency Initiative in Nairobi- transparency and accountability initiatives
We missed you last night. It was (and is) a perfect family friendly ride.
I was out of the hospital the same day, thankfully, but it wasn't how I pictured spending the end of my Spring Break and Pesach.
ah ha! lol Someone is telling me that skype & factime is better for them sinec they dont have an unlimited cell plan
I swear #Starbucks puts something in the air.. I never thought I would finish this in a day let alone an hour.
Never knew talking behind someone's back can be done on a computer. Gloves should be off soon
Alright. Nearly there.
Thank you! Great to meet you-- hope you enjoyed my active, excited group of kids today! :)
Is he injured yet? RT : Louis Saha on Newsnight
well! You guys rock!
Hope everyone is having a great weekend! The sun is shinning! Here in Seattle, that's like a free drug!
education, healthcare, and transportation are fundamental in this civil society we currently live in; deprivation because of cost is wrong
We are looking for a professional server/bartender that thinks they are fun enough to join our staff! Please apply at The Eatery.
#IHaveNoRespectForYou if you have no respect for . <U+E402>
hey what's your contact info?
My seder was literally an episode of curb your enthusiasm
My day would be complete if retweeted me. I love her so much! She's fab.
RT : "Too many traditional news organizations are not operating in the digital first formats" says at
Apparently the goalies forgot to show up to the game.
Yeah, I thought about moving them. Pretty deserted around there.
#ThingsTougherThanDRoseBody Fourth quarters to LeBron James.
I'd be surprised if The Artist lost best picture.Its got oscar bait written all over it. The critics love it. I'm going to see it this week
Tonight the Night!!!! "Friday Night Live" at Capri's Lounge in Boynton Bch Fl..... We Do It 4 The Ladies........
I go to my papaws house and I take a bite out of something then I walk to the living room then realize it was fish. EWWW!
Don't a little cold stop from having fun go on out and have a good time just be responcible about it. especially with frozen roads
god morning
conference Semis when was with Toronto in 01. I believe he was with the Nets in 03 in the Finals..
Look, they never proved that gym teacher did anything wrong. RT : Break lines? Skipped the lesson on homophones?
More of this please. This is what we voted for. RT : "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama
And am I trippin or was polow da Don in Jim crow??
we miss you too!
RT : I NEVER LIE ABOUT THE THINGS I HAVE ... I WORK HARD. AND IF I REALLY WANT SOMETHING ILL BUST MY ASS FOR IT.
Painted my nails white .
travoltas attorney denies that his client groped and exposed himself to the masseurs that are suing him. Im no lawyer, but thats a good move
Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible. - Frank Zappa
welcome & you're really pretty ! (:
Is it finally Friday? Does Friday come after Thursday? What comes next? If only there was someone who could explain this complex system!
The way we r going, we'll soon have high schools devoted exclusively 2remediation: "#LAUSD Basic Skills Magnet"
Maloofs best PR play here is to simply embrace the obvious. Not too many more bridges to burn at this point.
They say money talks so tell these otha niggas speak up
its funny how my best friend can be thousands of miles away.... i cant wait to see this fool. we gonna have a bawl!!
Oh wow that sounds great! And it was an excellent call using SM for the vote. People want to be involved, that's for sure!
ah shit! Sounds like heaven- enjoy it!
": Kim Kardashian earned $17,900,000 from her wedding and divorced 72 days later" That a no risk return on investment!
guess what? I get to see you today!!
ok i will
Authors, cont.: If I can't find you easily I often just give up. How many opportunities for PR are you missing w/out a blog?
Don't underestimate strategy
Dumb hungry what to eat mane that is the question ?
"Bill Clinton Reveals Secret Hillary Kept From Him" #huffpost She's having an affair with John Edwards!
we had a dog once that loved butter and would swipe it every chance he got... it'll be ok. :)
Banana split blizzard >
Wow. The Emmys are really funny this year. Totally shocked.
gotta get out there & hustle 4 Wat u want....
Hearing stories of cold, impatient photographers blows my mind. TIP: Your photographer should be friendly & engaging during your shoot!
I have some new silkscreen works hanging at Crazy Mocha in Bloomfield. Go check it out!
LA teachers were told, if you want programs restored- teachers need to take furlough days to pay for it.
we're excited to work with you! Thanks for stopping in today :-)
Yeah, The Pineda move is not panning out to say the least!!! lol
I need RBIs
that the same as payin attention
Happy Sunday, to you, too! :)
When I write cursive it looks g af.
All that she wants is another baby. She's gone tomorrow.
We are loving it! “: Arlington is the best little town there is :) #bornandraised”
no I'm not insomniac this is new to me I guess I have a lot of stuff on my mind and keeps me from sleeping.
#MexicanMomSayings WHEN YOU TURN 21 GET ME PAPERS!
Sew in clip or patch label on the sleeve & bottom hem of the shirt we can do it. www.reliablerelabel.blogspot.com
Have a Wicked Weekend!
big lebowski stripes and spies like us
I lick my nephew to piss him off
Ask yourself today... What can I give and offer to others?
OMG YOU ARE SO LUCKY!!!! :) CONGRATS <3
Happy National High 5 Day!!! The next person you see offer up one.
we will succed like last tie
Need a female to sub on my JCC coed softball team tomorrow in Owings Mills. DM me if interested.
hahahha me to!!!!
I have to finish this baking this bread and get to sleep. Goodnight all. I will be sharing my new paintings with you soon.
don't let them get revealed
A nice lazy Sunday. Hope our Tweeples are chillin' with peeps you love!
if I don't do it my mommy takes my phone )):
you know a girl is hurt when she starts ignoring you. - Drake <3
When our friends at get to 500 followers, we'll give away a cool sports prize. Follow them today!
nommin on some tea and special k...sadly, my fruit supply has diminished
you are correct in your conclusion.
Hollywood: America, this is Channing Tatum and you WILL accept him.
wait til my bottoms come in next week !!!!
Loving Florida found a beautiful house in a beautiful hood lol.
Cann you Please get to Follow me ? [:
having earphones on and randomly go to a blog/site that contains music...man, it just really hurts my ears >(O_O)<
that's a great goal :)
I hate getting out of my bed.
haha chillinnn, bouta get ready for work ;/ what you up to?
Lol this nigga just put his nut on this nigga face/neck
Subaru of America, Inc. Reports Best April Sales In Company History - Sacramento Bee
Ugh now I'm getting sick :(
I have the similar problem with you due to my dog. I think you'd better put the charger away from your pet.
are you going to need #excedrin tomorrow or what?
we are giddy here at We're sizzling up your Veggie Chips tonight. Looking forward to a successful & Yummy party.
some shit for lifting to much or some shit
My name is Victoria Farias, and I'm addicted to shopping.
Thank you kindly for the RT! Hugs and blessings!
heading over there now. See you soon, sir!
McAllen using trick plays to try & come back. Defense comes to life with a big sack on 3rd & 12. McAllen ball @ their own 14.
All vegetarians are gay and always have been.
But when you're with your friends it's like I don't exist.
What do you mean by breaks? What happens?
lol.okay.just checking.
in a couple of months. I know, the weather is awesome today!
@ FansiteSports Least intimidating #NBA-related line an announcer can utter, "And here comes Steve Blake!"
I don't care who it is, they're annoying me... I'm trying to sleep
oh my god you are #sosweet I #loveyou too girl!
Hey Tracy - I'd like to do another piece as a guest writer... on approaching 4 years as a working mom. Thoughts?
Thanks to all who attended the Mail Masters Open House yesterday. It was a great event!
Missing and for Sunday drink, why my girls gotta go outta town the same weekend
Quite correct... love you btw! :-)
sand follow back
#Nf , the first one :O hahaha
I feel that with passion. Follow back
It's weird Jonathan Lucroy doesn't know we are dating..why isn't he waving to me?
I'm literally about to supper and then shortly after I will commence the slumber...
#flash mob in Baltimore is coming soon! get ready to ride!
Im finna open my own gyro stand its go be called gyro steppin lol
It's going to be 77 here in Southern AZ. Great day to grill some CHICKEN! - Tucson Citizen It 's going to be 77 here in Southern AZ. Grea
Follow Me Please!? 60
Thanks for sharing our #blog entry!
lol hardly, i have hoodlum tendencies but nah i ain't bout dat life
so if is the Mecca of hot, intelligent, interesting, down-to-earth women, is its male counterpart.
Shouldn't take too long, Loren. Email with the email you use to login to SB.
How can someone say they love someone if they don't love themselves?
Using to track my sleep quality and hours of sleep. This is fun.
When in doubt, bring up a US open cup victory. Classic.
Who's going to affiliate summit next month in Vegas? Let's hookup!
do you have a dematerialized clarinet? i know someone who wants one.
Can't sleep...
bye <U+270C> out boy scout
Strangers can become best friends, as easily as best friends can become strangers.
John Travolta may soon learn that not every story has a happy ending.
I think ima go roller skating.
We have a new Ellicott City location coming on May 1st. Where do you have in mind?
Ex Parte Motion to Continue Trial Date in California
yeah, doesn't really mean he was #exonerated, does it? He won his appeal on a technicality.
U Still Tryin To Get That Tee??
Ugh, last day of spring break -____- ugh!
You should go! It will be fun! To see Invent? They are AMAZING. I can't compare them to anyone. They are one of my honest favs
Can anyone recommend any especially good Walcott poems for my postcolonial lit class? Something regarding imperialism would be helpful...
Joe Little on one-man-band/backpack journalism at #NewWaveofJournalism Joe is a riot!
spending friday nights with >> #BestThingEver <U+E111>
Get the fuck outta here wit dat weird shit
I'm A Virgo. Can You Tell me something you think is very interesting about Virgos?(:
We are the sultans of swing...
one of my hot hot hot husbands in my dreams is celebratin his b-day 2day! happy birthday zayn hope u enjy it! for lyf mwah
ringringring!! who hi guys! it's, #MOFONE! such an awesome assembly line this wknd! check out pictures!
Sometimes when learnin a lesson u have 2 get hurt
Nola - this time they tweeted invasion and aggression
Did you know that our ambassadors are eligible for incentives? including an IPAD, Getaways and Cash?drop us a line
Also on Thursday, March 22: Bridging to Belzer for our sixth grade families. 6:00-8:30 p.m. at Belzer Middle School.
We can't wait to receive your application! But you'd better hurry...we've got less than 25 spots left!!
61% of Facebook users who identified as Super Bowl fans posted status updates during the game in 2011.
Tomorrow shall be a better day! :)
Already the hockey geniuses are predicting a Devils sweep despite Cats splitting the regular season series.
Dam it is boring during fourth now
Seriously RT Ugh. The last 40 miles is always the longest.
Want to be the 1st to know about special events? Email with your name & email address to get the latest specials!
Sunday spin with Erin: She just said "I'm 4 weeks until show so I'm going to rip your glutes, quads, and hammies up" Holy smokes, what show?
S/O to my new follower
Were you aware that Geronimo as a baby, was named Goyahkla, meaning “One Who Yawns”
My names Chris: Math enthusiast, Bad Ass MC.
I can't wait to hear Daredevil too!
Dogs have sensitivie ears-remember that when playing the TV and music.
aka yves klein blue, or cobalt. Also a gorgeous color.
thank you!! it's june 2nd weekend. are you a dad yet??
so awesome!
Writing about #vday. Anyone start dating in the last month?
Thank you Celia Kelly Bredenbeck, you are so nice!
It's Not Good To Want Something Too Much, It Sometimes Drives The Luck Away. <U+2764>
I was just there! Picking up some habanero lime tortillas, naan, cranberries, spinach, you know, the uzh.
At least I think I got some cool pix.
**We Shall Overcome.**
Ridiculous. But that's him.
woh woh woh don't be showing off now, lol....1 a week is a good pace for me...you doing more buisness stuff or SEO web stuff?
Most racist fear being unable to fit after I'm done with their girls.
~Author UnknownA great obstacle to happiness is to expect too much happiness .
I'll put my money on Butler or VCU...
Unfortunately, most of the people complaining are too stupid to check #papajohns stream for other post updates :)
All this perfume on BART totally masks the smell of vomit and angry middle class commute
I have a question, is the Napoleon Dynamite series ever returning?
Of, CBS Sunday Morning has me in tears... again.
Fantastic! It should be a wonderful concert. Thank you for your support!
When the person sitting next to you I class farts and your like really?
Oates: art enhances, even redeems, domestic reality
I'm glad I ran into on my way home and you got me drink by 5:30
Beyond excited for the OSU/Toledo game Sept 16th! I hope OSU stomps Toledo. GO BUCKS!
hahahah ya he's pretty good. Throws funky and hard
no probs!:)) just love my followers!!<3
go to sleep. U can snack while u work. Lol
Will u #follow me plz today i found out my parents r getting a divorce & a #follow will help a lil bit
Free beer at sprechers pub tonight! You need to follow to get more info!
Thank you for the follow, Mark !
If you don't already, follow - she's been an amazing asset to my company and an all around awesome person!
weird how little outrage there is over injustice to an American compared to the Kony campaign.someone call Bieber.
Lack of male SLPs very interesting topic, especially since most caseloads are male-heavy. Tweet a link to the blog post!
thanks Hannah! :) love ya to!
What and watched as a Nielsen Family #ignitedc Arrested Development ain't it!
I wish I was invited :p
Thx for blowing me off -_- some friend you are
ok. you might be sleeping, though. i'm sure, you'll be exhausted.
As we celebrate his 101st birthday, we must continue President Reagan’s legacy and strive to become that ‘shining city on the hill’.
Going to spin class tonight...with my dad O_o
Thanks to you and the coaching staff for organizing the trip. what a terrific experience.
Haha. I actually remember watching my mother clean up my older brother's. And he was in high school.
We're excited to see you and your mom on the way back (if you come this way)!
This is my last spring break ever...so weird!
Is trying to do clean house. Keeps getting bored. Oh, I am so not my mother's daughter in that regard.
RT if you're a laouver
Pink eye still<U+E40E>
BTW, we really appreciate you speaking as part of our Ask the Expert series. This knowledge sharing is so valuable. Ty!
How have you been? Long time no talk!
When shopping for home 5 years ago in north 'burbs of ATL, walking thru parking lot was like walking through yellow moon dust.
pretty good :) yours?
Hi !! Looks like we gonna see you guys in July !! Yeeaahh Vegas !!
ofcourse i'm going to the front door for you.. I'm going from Holland to Miami to see you! This summer!
Need to check my #MegaMillions tix
son of a.....the game is at 310.
Suspect in 1995 Deltona rape, Witar Luangamat, has been extradited from Arkansas and arrived in Volusia County at about 1:40 p.m.
so far so good. I will keep you posted on the progress. Next round is Thursday.
I think the best answer when awarded or honored is to offer thanks and say you're grateful.
You're so adorable!
so thankful for all i have
of course
Looking to do some shoots for online stores <3
Lol really? I can't wait!
When was the last time you changed your filters in your house/apt?
OH: (looking at the dyson fan) That fan is ANIME!
New website buildout has officially begun... get excited! The new www.eps-doublet.com goes live in approximately 1 week!
Damn I don't even be on this G thang nomoe
Now every time I see a plane in the sky, I'm going to be disappointed a space shuttle isn't on it's back
What you say & do only for watching eyes means nothing, because it's not the truth of you & is full of lies. Be you in the dark or light.
Who are the learned? Those who practice what they know. – Muhammad
what did you do.
I love so much
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else. -Will Rogers
you'd be fortunate, even, if that happened.
Gary England just made watching the Grammys all worthwhile. Nice sneakers!
like ambient noise to fall asleep to! Waves and wind and whales and whatnot haha. Its daytime where you're at huh?
Because without women, men would not have a past, a present, or a future.
Hmm. If you can think of a way where you can still live there after the break up? By all means, give it a try.
Either Google still hasn't worked the kinks out of registration, or academic tickets sold out in less than a minute.
Hate to break it to you, but Twitter might not be the best place to have feelings. Xoxo.
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana i'm having a banana (i'm having a relapse)
OMG , that headache I just had <<<
OMG - I would LOVE a live tweet up. When/where?
Today Madison tomorrow Bel Terra:)
don't fuck with him, he has bo staff skills.
how about crocheted flowers?Sticking w/pompoms tonight but can bring flower pattern book in. Brought home 2 skeins.finished one
More telemarketer adventures: the same woman has called from the same phone # six times in 24 hours. The company name changes each time.
Once Upon a Time in Anatolia (2011)
ya I know
Porn? RT : I know what makes him smile I don't know what makes him different.
Just learned at the LMA conference that the Average open rate for email campaigns to clients is 18-21%. What's yours?
Cause I remember days we sat and pictured at all
hahaha, I totally missed that one....you're a trickster.
lol love how I call you and you're with freaking girls. i want to give up on you so bad.
what else am i supposed to say? i hope i get shot?
BOTH? i got THREE! lmao and HELL YEAH!
START NEW YEAR W/ $$$ STOP BY GET FREE LOTTO TICKET! ENTER VALENTIMES DAY DRAWING ! FREE ! WIN MK WATCH,MASSAGE SESSION, WIN CATIER LOOK !
wat u grab
hahaa....well....chance is slim & none, and slim has his coat on about ready to bounce...lol...worth a shot..no?
Major milestones on the way for drugfreehomefoundation.org. Just finishing wild week. Home safety through drug discovery tools
Go cry in a corner u bitch :(
It does not matter what others think of you by saying it, tell those around you that you love them every time you part ways.<U+2665>
I rather just blow up 's Mentions with tweets instead of conplaining that he doesnt tweet me back......
Wow , now that's intensity playoff type game .
RT Pls RT this to help us get to 1,000 followers & 1 of you will #win Daily Renewal kit & Anti-Aging kit
lol. Idk, cause some people just get on my nerves. Aha.
Back out on the #Bricks at 6:38 with some cooler weather today, but warmer weather soon!
can you provide an example of how he has proved his competence?
wonder how many people are gonna get caught with weed today...
Who is coming to the Chili Cup tonight?
they talk mad loud and so weird
it was just the overall attitude. Some of the fly attendants seem unenthusiastic about working.
I am envious!!
Can't wait 4 the race #amstelgoldrace. Top 10 would be sweet! Just 1 of a few in SD that knows #amstel is more than just a beer
no, in the end it's how their dick feels
If it take the Vikings moving to LA for the people in Minnesota to realize what they had, then move and let the crying begin
Apple Rock debuts it's stage props for a full length play at FCDS! Break a leg
are you playing basketball dis year?
Over 40 Boston-area merchants added this week! Find a business near you on RepeatReceipt!
Hi Leigh, I was thinking the same thing! I'll send you a DM.
no confusion, love the jersey, just showin love to the
RT : Yea so def missed that 6am flight... lol but airport bound now!
lets talk vince young pulling a tebow in buffalo
time to get this trending.........
Been getting worked! But its all paying off. Training day 12! Lego.
Phew. Back in Phoenix, 16 hour travel day to get here - and the flight was on time! Six mile run to loosen up, then back to work.
I LOVE SO MUCH!
RT : I follow over 39,500 people. Needless to say, my Twitter stream is very interesting to read now...
Horror movie marathon at my house... I'm not gonna be able to sleep, tonight. ._.
Shooting starts in 3 days!!!
As part of our ARTful Writing series, Indy Reads is heading to the IRT tonight for a special production of The Diary of Anne Frank!
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle snow white and the seven titties
Tc's talent and voice is out of this world
14k Viewers!!!! Omg.
Lebron James absolutely took over the Heat/Knicks game late in the 1st half.
he coulda been evangelical.
It took the Empire several $trillion dollars of overreaction & countless lives to do the only reasonable post 9/11 action: death of OBL.
I'm so excited that is showing The Band's Visit!
Almost ready for Coverings but I still need to wrap up a few things B4 leaving for Orlando. #OdysseyCollection, CHECK! Grass skirt uh..
We're on the right track baby.
Like seriously. This isn't right.
frump city bitch frump frump city bitch
....... WITH MONOPOLY MONEY BITCHES *proceeds to make it rain*
hi I'm tia
No doubt! We're recording/releasing an EP later this year since our videos can't speak on behalf of our music forever. Thanks!
must be nice to be a handsome man!
another great panel! #sdsms next one: Social media case studies: What worked, What didn't
": Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools and accepted by idiots."
While being trapped in a room with no windows doors and any form of a way out
I don't need another heartless misery.
When teachers expect me to go to dead day
Thanks for the mentions and retweets Happy Holidays!
The heist is going down! Be sure to get your 'bleu clue' at the door. Be a part of solving the mystery! Rat pack party!
Molly's Harper's series is witty, a little sexy, intelligent & fun. Loved every installment of Jane, the vampire librarian.
President Paul!!!!
thnks for the follow back. Humbled.
yea try it you will get hooked “: ill give ema try :P”
"Not only amazed & entertained, but more alive & less lonely." Jonathan Lethem's powerful reaction to Thomas Berger's writing, in NYT.
sonic for breakfast? i think yes. \m/
Omfg I got a really pretty VeraWang dress for my dance, but I don't know if I'll use it. But still looking for another dress.
I just wanted you to know I've always been a fan. Keep doing what you do, I got your back. Prez. Rollin Knights MC "Born"
Today i start writing the album that will start my career!
Alexs pimple is cute (;
haha yeah love it puttin their foot down!
Swimmers out...We're waiting for our bikers! Runners are getting ready!
#loveindy is it happening right now? Any admission charge?
Rockin Roy and Mr.Roboto!!! #LetsRockThisShit ... Karaoke is off the hook tonight #Milwaukee!!! Awesome!
I'm wondering how long it is going to take for "outrage" to become cliche.
same. I'm tired of watching them on tv.
Happy New Year jazz fans. The Bad Plus will kick-off 2012 with four nights at the Bistro starting tomorrow!
Yup! Definitely top 5 shows, all-time...so don't swap lives too fast, that is certainly not my average day!
awesome! Glad you enjoyed it :)
So on fire and so in love, that look in your eyes that I miss so much, remind me.<3
Going on a jog. Yeah buddy
lmao...I do...I have my pajamas on
Flea season. Be prepared with essential oils to mist your pets naturally. Or, try a swim in the ocean or a lake. No more fleas please.
RT : At T.G.I. Friday's with the ladies <U+263A>
I sure did, I don't know what else to do on here....
Thanks, Dan! Our students will launch their project during our SCI meeting on Tuesday, so don't mind me if I fall out of my chair.
Check out SD Home Garden facebook; we had a party previewing a penthouse for our May '11 issue; terrific remodel by Anita Dawson Design
RT : Susan Arnot: "sustainability reporting spotlights the work of our own people around the world - and keeps them...
Dammit Dave! Calm the hell down. Fuck.
Time for me to go to sleep...
Thanks for following me, it means alot! C: <3
Ours is like in 15 days !
Micheal made me a hot dog today c:
I envy all of you with hot weather -- it's more like November here in Boston than May!
Yeah, there was a snafu. No big.
Leave it to Deep South Republicans to keep a bad idea alive. Congrats #tcot for your two Santorum victories!
HAPPY CANADA DAY!
I'm so bored right now.... I wish I coul talk to my favorite person. <3
Well that wasn't so bad. Assuming its over. It's cold now!!
Sometimes taking arisk is worth it It can change your life or make you stronger youll never get the exactsame opportunity the 1sttime around
love you, good night sis!
Need. More. Sleep.
in general = good stuff
Getting ready to carb load for the OneAmerica 500 festival mini marathon. Not running just cheerleading. Watching all those runners just...
Sam graduating law school is freaking me out. It's like, real life.
I'm either working on that sitemap you asked for, or watching interns play Goldeneye.
i actually got some homework done today
thanks keanu and your so funny! :)
Why can't you buy drinks on sunday? I guarantee jesus loved to drink
I like that!
Happy Mountain Day! Hope you all got some delicious pie :) and enjoy a beautiful fall
I know is going. Wish I was. RT : Any #interactive attendees headed to #sxsw from #milwaukee this year?
yes! We would love to try!
Good night for a pot of homemade chili.
I guess I can make an exception and follow 1 UK fan...
I'm trying to get off early today...what time do u get off work?
PLEASE follow me back! :) I love youu.
for a second, i thought that was my wall cause i took the same pic and i have the same color wall! lol
Drinking a Christmas Ale in May.
Fuck g shock watches for not letting me buy the one I wanted
Eliot was diagnosed with 'aboulie' -- lack of will. While recovering, he wrote The Waste Land (Menand)
This guy just wants to get his check n go home
I refrained from dubbing that last tweet a "#bfaproblem" because too many non-BFA problems have given a misnomer.
lol me neither
Tlk to everyone round me but never directly towards me.... Hm
The worst feeling is when someone makes you feel special, then suddenly leaves you hanging, and you have to act like you don't care at all.
you're ridiculous. Shut your mouth when you're talking to me.
thinking about dinner? try on n western
thank u <3 and aww i would love to meet u too! where do u live? XD
Any new birth to 3 SLP's in the group??
looking at resumes. one person uses the term "Professional Preparation" instead of "Education". I like that.
Did u guys enjoy #RAWTonight ?
RT Las Vegas! Buy cheap tickets from us to our show with and many more. The show is tomorrow!
I'm quitting. I can't take it there. Matt told me to take some time off if I'm unhappy
yea I know them, good luck tho with y'all season if you play
Thinking about a #kodak memory project to capture #ROC & national sentiments
Happy mothers day
I fell asleep....
So what do you think? Dance Rogue Sports Bra's ??
That movie is so stupid!
So go on and take it, take it all with you. Don't look back at this crumbling fool. Just take it all with my love, take it all with my love.
"It'sThatTasteful" just made me shoot boiling hot chicken bouillon out my nose! ROFL A barge?
#teamfollowback I always follow back (: LOVE YOU.
Proud of myself for not washing my car before it rained.
Stay thirsty my friend.
5 minutes until the music starts at Church. Patrick Coman up first. Come join us and grab a pint. Max and I need more BEER BUDDIS!
Hope everyone had an awesome turkey day!!
yo munchkin!...how r ya?
I'd like to be, everythingg you want
The museum can reach only those whom it can attract. This fact alone is enough to compel it to be convenient to all... - John Cotton Dana
Thanks for the mention. We always appreciate a little support and encouragement!
Realized that our kitten has a personality, and he's a jerk. He's always biting and he complains constantly.
TONIGHT - DJ's AI & J-Roc will be Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music and the The Lotus Dance Team will be turning up the Heat!!!
You are very welcome! Glad you had fun at the mixer last night - I had a blast too. :)
I'm hearing through the grapevine that NYCO has lifted work-stoppage and will start rehearsals tomorrow
..then take the mixture in a glass bowl and heat over a pot of water on high. Beat mix until thick (20mins). Let sit. Delicious Custard.
mhmm no problem (;
Wow we are excellent.
We'll see you at the matinee today at 2pm!! So excited!
Sorry about the PMs. I was hacked. No one said anything bad about you in any blog I've read.
Aint no shame in coming off the bench in NLDS...Lets go bud
Can't sleep I'm beeatt
"Go PUCK yourself!" -John Cena
thanks, luckily I was the only one home. So no one was hurt and nothing was taken at least.
The worst gift is a fruitcake. There is only one fruitcake in the entire world, and people keep sending it to each other. ~ Johnny Carson
Good morning everyone
The 46th Superbowl shall be named "Rex Ryan's Nightmare Bowl" has to kiss either Belichick or Coughlin! Ha!
cool tip, thx! MT : prefixing a google search with ~ finds synonyms for the main search-term automatically.
One of the rabbits is in #LA this weekend!!
I wanna go to target. wanna come ? Hahaha !(:
Delia has been accepted into the Albuquerque Film Festival. This is just 1 of 3 productions I act in that are playing this year at AFF! Yay!
This will be cool. MT Confirmed: We have grant support to put on a Charlotte seminar to prep for DNC. Stay tuned for details!
a workout show? That's cool I need to workout more haha
“: Oh yeah check it out, WI jobless claims up another 2,159. #wiunion” || only state with that trend
Its Fathers Day! Gutter Cleaning only 50 cents a foot. Today only!! Allentown, PA Area only
I shouldn't watch these things! Now I'm just fuming. Pure insanity!!
wordd I feels you when you loose it tho?
Thanks for stopping by today!
Fun night, to say the least.
Ah, finally! Gorgeous :) And you have a new Tumblr follower ;)
Thanks for sharing this post with your followers
The new Sigur Rós reminds me a lot of their first album, Von.
its just a novel idea
I would be too man
Hey hun! NAKED...the drink, the shampoo or just one of those days.LOL
Thanks, Don!
Cool! Picture everyone in their underwear and you'll be fine (unless that makes you throw up, that is)... good luck & have fun!
#ThingsILookFor Somebody who can keep a conversion going...and makes good sandwiches
How do the Seattle #Seahawks make the NFL playoffs @ 7-9 & the Oakland #Raider do not @ 8-8. That just shows how week the NFC is this year.
all I gotta say is is the future of #americansoccer and she is amazingly beautiful to top it off!
No..what flowers? lol
just went to the MSG box office and got the LAST and ONLY ONE left ticket for MUSE March 5th! Wow, I'm so lucky- totally living on the edge!
excellent! Let me know!
Hiking in the desert today!
RT : Thanks to for broadcasting tonight's performance. Thank you all for joining us. What a night! Time to win equality!
Just eating great chicken while watching the #REDWINGS play. 2-0 Let's WIN! (:
she looks beautiful:)
smh at the shit we talk about at work. I'm still Trippin lmfao!
I'm glad you and the family are safe, Anna. :)
Thanks, Shire! Hope you're having a beautiful weekend! OxoA
Can't wait to get off work
Totally just saw the Oak Ridge Boys do "Elvira" at the Grand Ole Opry.
and that , all WOMAN
Oh yes. This can be fun...how'd the meeting with the COO go?
we r doin good! moving did us wonders. Feel alive again! I am tryin to get caught back up with everyone. How have u been?
HOLY SHIT, its perfect.
we should go for a wine pairing dinner sometime! I had the Risotto Lollipops the first time I was there - very tasty.
What better way to do it than put a live person in front of them?<U+FFFD> <U+FFFD> Jackie Huba, author73
just heard people at the nj costco call "penne pasta", "peh-nay-nay"....
omg yea. Haha thts so weird
Some fail to realize you get Nothing for Nothing....
Announcement = the possibility of ENTIRELY NEW CATEGORIES OF KATE BEATON WORK = a very excited fan. I'm set with twitter comics :)
Yeah good point
Relaxing poolside with IN THE GARDEN OF BEASTS with , , Doesn't get much better than this.
i like picture it is amazing !!
Truth Be Told: UVs can penetrate clothes. Especially if white! So put on sunblock BEFORE u dress. Ur skin will heart u!
Branson looking like mid to high 70s next week. I can so feel that.
thank you for bringing her false statements into the spotlight!
You've gotta be kidding me... Guess I'm not good enough of a friend to anyone
Hey my uncle told me best at a tender age, that a man would f**k a hole in da tree if he could #I'mjustsaying (:O
Jack says the folks using bags for dog poop give us the shaft twice because they leave the litter for us!
RT : "Leadership requires the courage to make decisions that will benefit the next generation." Alan Autry
Coach pop coach of the year!
Watch for The FanFiction Documentary Project on IndieGoGo....coming soon!
just finished my english paper
I been good. It's been a long time since I seen you, we have to change that.
How did your gig go last nite @ the Holiday Inn?
Another night of no sleep...
I agree! Bring on the #Makeup #Music and #JunkFood and you got yourself a PARTY! lol
I believe it was Madison International Speedway. got in about 5 wrecks, car was tore up!! He was 4 feet tall!! Lol
Zumba was fun... Now time for my workout!
Find me thru Facebook @ www.facebook.com/henryg.cooper1 or www.facebook.com/henryg.cooper2 and Twitter @ mrcoopr
After the bloopers from Hairston and Lucroy, lot of hard hit balls off of Ohlendorf
Come to Houston Again I missed you last time because of cheer<\3
On that boss for a day status thanks to (y)
Thank you sosososooo much <3 your awesome ! please tell your followers to do the same!<3
Is it just me or does #lenaheadey look like a cross between #natalieportman and #keiraknightley?
I would say they are spending the money on deliberately corrupting the data
no, I should be fine, I watched Human Centipede 2 w/o flinching so I should be golden... can't be worse than my own thoughts
happy new year, have a wonderful 2012 <3
Lady Antebellum Own The Night At Radio City Music Hall
Ready to go..
I like to watch the news? Wtf..
im in my feelingz time for bed
it's brilliant lol. And you shouldn't have let me go into bloomingdales after coffee... I just left
I got an 8 o' clock appointment with God's word......
For sure Mike! That would be great!!!
I'm up cause I'm doing homework .... this is a sacrifice :/
No amount of money can make me.
Getting married under a dinosaur.. it'd be so funny if it fell during the ceremony.
taking a break after weeding out the peonies
You da man! You're so good we want to give you some free tea! Thanks for loving and !
RT : We'll miss you (*) ;) RT : I hate leaving but my bye-bye parties are always great! Xoxo D.R. :*
Someone broke into my car and stole my ipod and bluetooth! SMH but God is still good! Imma bounce back
Hey, how have u been? Follow me back, especially since I had to be validated and all. :-)
I love to stay on top of news DHASATRA<U+62D3><U+5C55>Xpress Money<U+5728><U+5370><U+5C3C><U+7684><U+7F51><U+7EDC> <U+963F><U+8054><U+914B><U+963F><U+5E03><U+624E><U+6BD4>--(BUSINESS WIRE)--(<U+7F8E><U+56FD><U+5546><U+4E1A><U+8D44><U+8BAF>)--
I dunno about that, but Baron Davis might see a decline in minutes. Lin, Melo, Amar'e, new big 3?
Don't forget to stop by and pick up some BBQ and cole slaw for your UVa Tailgate tomorrow! Go Hoos!
but they are great at buying awesome domain names
Mine would be breakfast of champion owner? RT : No matter what i eat for breakfast, it's the breakfast of champions.
Finishing David Mitchell's latest just as the box containing Franzen's latest hit the front porch. Switching gears: from Shoguns to suburbs.
but in order for this non-industrial, cushion-supplied, book-filled heaven to be complete happiness, there MUST be coffee ;)
well there was the 2nd severe weather warning in the last half hour on freaking out yet?
RT: URGENT UNVERIFIED: Plain cloths police planning for staged street fights as an excuse to attack people, please stay calm and silent
Executive Assistant needed ASAP! Pays $57,000/yr for qualified candidates. For more info apply online or give us a call today!
What do you do with a ham steak?
"Israel in 4 BC had no mass communication" (Gotta love a little Jesus Christ Superstar this time of year!)
& have the ideal relationship. Through thick and thin, they've stayed together.
Eating anything other than CURRIED'S CURRY just does not make sense!!!
u must sleep a lot..
No worries, just wanted to help.
The most depressing song just came on..."no air"-jordin sparks and chris brown...think imma die this song this the waterworks going..
BARACK IS THE BEST =D haha
Ah loud noises!!!!
too bad you couldn't wait 45mins. woulda made u work for that
What about people who are exactly 40? #WhoMe?
#sometimesyouhaveto say what's on ur mind
The NBA's crazy schedule this season is definitely wearing on my enjoyment as a full season ticket holder.
But I read everything tells me to read, even if it's in Chinese!
Learning some people don't deserve the title "Friend" leave you as an associate or nothing at all
How are all the #Hunters? :)
We have such a great zoo!
Everyone should go wish a very super duper Happy Birthday :D
I LOVE giant pink bunnies. My H&R Block commercial is running again this year. Let me know if you spot it. Thanks.
Running to go grab Genny Cream Ale
How was the meeting in DC today?
Bring a bottle of wine or some extra food if appropriate. :)
#ThingsThatBotherMe People who can't take a joke. Or people without a sense of humor.
I STILL can't get over that Man City game yesterday.
Addictive things.
That awkward moment when straight girls follow me on tumblr...
I've passed Management. Guess that means I can manage people. One final left, Information Tech...
jersey shore!
right on, good to hear
Holy ridiculous ending! What an absolute disgrace to filmmaking.
#AskScandal #EdwinStarr Really??? I love it 'War, huh, what is it good for'
You're right! I just saw a patch of blue sky!!!!
Who is ready for happy hour? We ARE!
SUPER BOWL SUNDAY! GO GIANTS
That's cool! :) Umm I have my sisters gradation party this Saturday and then just church on Sunday! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> Thanks for asking! :)
So tired after a long day of bro-ing out. Fun but exhausting.
I revert back to my original statement: I am not a soccer guy.
Stop by and purchase a jar of our delicious Organic jam! Only $4.95! Made with the finest ingredients! + We not have bagels w/ Jam
I thank you Fans Friends Followers Club Bookers Radio Programmers Website Owners Critics Reviewers Haters & Lovers! Going UP!
I'm not touching that. ;-)
Thanks for the follow!
Chest killed!!!
happy birthday ! (=
thank you.
BTW, if you get in, you have to move to SF...
Death by Dairy! Dairy is a friend of mine, but did you know there are healthier ways to consume calcium, protein and vitamin D? Stay tuned!
“: aw. Looks perfect.” thank you!
sleep alabama
cheers! Have a great weekend
I love those boys who spit poetry instead of tabacco juice.
I don't think so Bitch , hoe shit
no they're not.. I heard they actually suck... Ngl
Jake and Amir is awesome. youtube it!
hey where ya been!?
@ edna, but again they blogged contented indolence
oh yeah. Hope your doing good.
ass hole
Great guy, great app MT : Big congratz to our new friend Follow his startup:
because in real life, when X was just sitting there before the show, I just stood and stared at them. because I LOVE X.
It's a single parade!
Time to replace the old aluminum MacBook. iMac or MacBook Pro? Decisions..
Yes, volunteered to be my nemesis a couple of years ago. I'll get around to destroying her eventually. Y'know.
4 entries will be picked at 4 pm today!
Caught 3 cat fish today
When they first told me I had the most votes for Most Opinionated i was like tf? Now I'm starting to see why lol
Up all night with Reagan and my head is killing me
NICE! let me know how it is.
That glow in the dark all yellow and green with a lil pink and much harry oh I mean fur of animals that pur
Early to #B2Bexpo - well, early as always. Bring on the festivities!
thinks you are two HOT cookies
Tweet w/ me or 1 of the other hosts ( etc) about our tweets, RT things we tweet or answer our ?'s.
we can hope. 0-21 is quite the slump.
Back from #roadtrip and now straight into a week of presentations. tomorrow, then three days at AAM.
whose gonna be our 400th follower?!
correction has been made, thanks again for the heads up.
RIGHT!? Thats what I was thinking! I cant even cum up with anything for this TT lol (That song is all lies too -_-)
Don't judge someone over anything. Sometimes; you only see what they want you to see.
I love my coworkers they really care about me.
wants to buy your used Gaylord Boxes. Call 561-721-3400 today and we could pick up tomorrow! N10 day terms too!
I know! Tis why I agreed so much.
sad things got that bad for T.O.
I believe!
I hate the fact that i wasted so much time on you :(
stop and eat! Ur missing the "full belly" on your list!
I hope the celtics can put together the win.
Its funny how the Iphone just got the Copy and Paste function, BB already had it 1st and we have camcorders standard 2 haha
Looks like I've been hacked. Sorry.
Excited to podcast on healing arts in cultural organizing w/ today. Love to all Zilphia family: past, present, future!
scratch that, living social
Prince Harry arrives in California for military training, spotted last night at Andaz San Diego.
well said! What hype are you creating for yourself today?
No, I've seen it a few times as a child, but it's been about 10yrs since then. Still gave me that Christmasish happy feeling
wtf?! How.does that even happen? Weird. Miss you woman!
“: I'm so close to shooting a fire work in my big ass backyard to get this damn cricket to shut the fuck up”
I have a new phone, no # or else I bee textin u. Send me yo numba fam
#Walmart's online 'Chat Help'....complete fail! <<<--- inefficient and complete waste of time
one? Be faithful.'
and i definitely just fist pumped the finding of a petition. i'm still cool, right guys?
Who havin a bbq?
Good morning everyone! Just one more week till our headlining show at Peabody's so make sure you get your tickets! You also get a free Ep!
Allan Dershowitz always speaks knowledgable & logically on social legal issues
&then I was like "really?" &he said "idk" then I said"lmao wait lets break up ok. More fangirling instead of texting you"
Sky's the limit: Analyst says Apple could be worth $1 trillion: Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Muster says Apple's total market valuation...
Waiting rooms should have barcaloungers if the waits are going to two hours.
you got this, dog. Keep tryin.
Ya feel meh? Nobody ever feels meh.
in a way im happy I'm leaving I won't have to deal with this shit anymore my dad and Jessie say I messed up my life STFU
Like to Guest Bartend? Get your Sorority and take over our bar!
why am I a lier
I wish I was one of the 649 lucky people you follow. it would honestly make me so happy. make it happen? :D
I'm kind of in love with u
I am so afraid of listening to WP too much that one day I'll get tired of them :( that thought is so heartbreaking
i need to stop going to vendor training. they are insulting to anyone with a brain.
I'm TIRED Of Him In My TL Thoo
And The Fray should be lambasted on twitter in 3, 2, 1
will do!
Is it not a "real" relationship if we haven't had a single fight?
go Badgers!
Duane Wilson (Dominican) and Anthony Carroll (Tosa East) with 20 each to lead Playground Elite past CP3 All-Stars, 75-71, in NIKE game.
Going to with my love bug today! Great day!
Thinking about having a party soon(:
If some people didn't tell you, you'd never know they'd been away on a vacation.
At FL410 I get an epiphany. The only reason I subscribe to the MJS is because of the sports writers.
#Bruce Springsteen SanJose "2nite we're gonna tell a story about what gets left behind & what never leavesu." Thx 4 the stories
you are dictating the brain of my friend - love megan
sunset junction this weekend!
Good Morning Twitter! What's for breakfast today?
with every bit of me my man. I believe. But I'm terrified and frustrated.
watching suburgatory, feel like i'm watching new moon
u probably wish every place had a Tim Horton's haha.....plz follow and retweet me....it would mean the world to me if u did
Josh Koschek is a faker and a fuck!
If someone's lolligagging does that mean they are choking on a lollipop??
NO Jon.
Hand weights at Sports Authority!?! Excellent! (Ebay?)
thanks man;) glad you like them!
Dude, it's airport security. You can't bring 3 cans of Pepsi on your carry-on!
Heading to Everest base camp in April. Will be traveling with some REI gear. More than happy to write a review for any equipment. Eric
going off on James about late game choking
I would rather swallow broken glass.
Pilgrims did not eat potatoes for Thanksgiving as they thought they were poisonous
who's your favorite 1D ? (:
UCSD lib an acquired taste. By far, the ugliest building in San Diego is Mi Arbolito Condos at 6th/Upas in Hillcrest: Hideous!
USA: As a nation we have creative people, Unfortunately, our commitment towards creativity and unique talents were less than enthusiastic.
extremely accurate.......they were robbed.
fire and parachutes don't go well together :)
What great news!!! What are your hopes with the study?
I told you Kentucky is about that basketball
Putting on my Casting Director hat tomorrow! We still need o recast the last role!
yesh!!!! i am going to literally die when they cancel the show!!
so exciting! Congrats to your alums!
your sons?
And the environment!
Ripped jeans skin was showin, hot night wind was blowin, where you think you goin baby?
Just heard Christmas Rappin by Kurtis Blow! Now I'm in the Holiday mood.
Are there any trucks that serve gluten free food? Would like to suggest them to for this summer's show! Thanks!
JAMS open forum Tues. 9:30-10:30 Greene Hall. Come even if you didn't RSVP, but thanks to those who did, like and !
Star testing is so tiring and the shitty test isnt even meant for my grade THE FUCK IS THIS SHIT
cold inside but so hot outside! 8).
what's the website
Heading out to the Magnet Theater tonight for some Improv. I'm definitely going to sign up and perform tonight.
It doesnt take math skills to copy..thats why god made classmates lol
John Mayer just took the stage to play background guitar for Buddy Guy at GRAMMYs on the Hill . Amazing cool,
I just earned the Statesman badge on #Yelp!
fuckkkkkkkkkkk i have a presentation tomarrow and i m not prepared .-. fawk
what happens if u hold down the power button? Do you get a debug menu?
Not at all sure about today...
Hey, can I have this account? You aren't using it much - it's my friend's nickname. May I buy it from you as a christmas present?
Good cause last night you was trippppinnnnn
“: #YoMommaSoFat the Sorting Hat put her in all four houses.”smh hahaha
I boycott the Tassimo at work for that reason. RT : Conservation attempt failed: re-using keurig cups for second cup of coffee.
clingy people.
you are absolutely gorgeous! come to NYC we should chill <3 love you!
follow back? (:
Yo this lady at the restaurant is deadass negotiating on her foods price like a contract. Wow!!!
Insert end-of-civilization analogy here.
Thanks for following, everyone - you're the best! Don't forget to sign up to get more info & a chance to win free race entry: indianamtb.com
It's shitty but academia needs to be exposed for what it is not. You don't deserve to be shunned. Chin up. Chin up.
Hell Yea shit crazy
two adaptations in Tulsa, Providence at a uni in Montana, my first play Guernica at a uni in Illinois
You're doing a fantastic job Drew ! Your voice and style are so unique, don't change who you are for anyone !
why do i feel i'm breaking apart? </3
I seriously suck at tweeting nowadays.
welcome daphne alabama and san antonio tx
Sounds like an amazing weekend!
All kinds of theories going around about the mad #coachella ticket dash
Excited 4 right NOW! Red carpet just finished starts in 10! If u missed it check its next screening
Can`t believe it`s the 81st birthday of B`ham, AL`s Willie Mays. No question he was the best that ever played.
#NW Anchorman: Legend of Ron Burgundy
Tonight is Brit Barton's exhibition The Icarian Sea at Red Space Gallery. Please join us from 7-10pm
basketball tomorrow ?
listening to Diego. where are those wireless headphones?
:o who?? It was probably me
A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts. – Richard Branson
Nice piece on our #MLK TOD in today's thanks to .
takes the stage to talk about why it's hard to get paid for free and how to do it
Geek Trivia tonight at 8pm. Bring your knowledge of senseless things and your teammates.
RT : Just spoke with man who witnessed two murders, claims his best friend pulled the trigger. Story
Anyone out drinking in the north hills tonight?
mama taught me well!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
God DID make ugly people.
Meeting with my friend Will Allen on Friday. Growing Power in Colombia? Hm
Congrats Cindy on Motherhood tix win: "The greatest gift anyone could EVER be given!" Thx to all for participating...mom trivia 2morrow.
Yeah but you gotta have someone to snuggle with. My dog is curling up with me
Teenage girls imitating gay man's sassy strut behind his back.
How can u Track a Iphone if its Lost Um???
follow request good morning I'll RT/ you to all my followers
“The whole idea of motivation is a trap. Forget motivation. Just do it." ~John C Maxwell
_: Admit it; you want something you can't have.
I like how if a white guy goes 20 miles over the speed limit no one cares but of a black guy goes over 5 the SWAT team goes after him, smh
can't wait to hear about it!
people suck
and I just got questioned by CPD because she was puking in an alley on Michigan Ave. We are not on jail and she is okay.
sure what do you wand Jess?
I just saw the score when it was 19-4. You could accidentally score more points than that.
But, I forgot to order his fav #foodallergy book! I'll try to borrow it for storytime this week. We'll definitely order it!
kk im going to work on it promise bcuz ur friendship means the world to me :)
*raises hand*
only if the banks start to lend again
KNOWLEDGE IS SOMETHING THAT'S DISCOVERED OVER TIME
going for a run be back later <3
thanks for the follow :) have you checked out our music yet? :)
If it's not one thing there's always another.
I think, "That accent/character is preposterous!" and in the same thought bubble, gush "This is one of my favorite movies!"
i actually may start to like demi since shes a judge on XFactor. Should i audition?
well im going to bed since i cant tweet from my page right now smh! peace out yall!
Criticism" and dissent are the indispensable antidote to major delusions." -- Alan Barth
Do not isolate metadata creation: everybody has to participate in its development and support.
Can't wait to see you in Waco this weekend?
Post-production is about patience... It's always a nice therapy session for me...someone who doesn't have much of it ;)
When they text you ouytta nowhere <<
#FF welcome & thx for the mentions this week!
Hey amiga :D
oh I meant where to buy them
is he the new endorser of penshoppe!?
i just let her take my breath away
that would be GREAT lmao
I feel like im annoying you by tweeting you too muchh...
Courage in the mist of fear is the choice that all the great players in the game of life made and so must we
Thanks to & for amazing dinner+cocktails (and some of the best service of my life, no joke). Will def be back!
Sometimes I Think About You Marrying Me...Then I Hit The Blunt And...
Yes you'll be able to get The Crepes Are in the Oven as a single - just not yet! Soon - promise!!
« RT LeBron's mouthguard says "XVI." It takes 16 wins for an NBA title.»
I feel like I need new shoes.... I can't find ANYTHING on my closet. Everything looks like so meeeehhh.
cardinals turnover. no surprise.
#ThoughtsWhileRunning...I hope this cop is out of shape.
finally a break for the
RT if this kinda message creeps you out! FWD: I KNOW IT BABY WOOOOOHOOOOOOO NEW FOLLOWER!!!!
agree re:code problem solving often necessitates a deeper understanding of the problem, not more time writing the solution
Which, by the way, I did horribly on. even though I spent a month studying for it.
mistletoe is an amazing song:-) good job justin
Looks like we're re-vamping the menu here at Ai with some more affordable menu items.
word up bro. when you need the pic by?
lol yea I wouldnt pretend to know the first thing so If I was interested I would just ask ? Not be a douche lol
Eat first then exercise so you don't burn muscle! ": First exercise, THEN eat. RT Exercise my feelings? Eat my feelings? Hm"
Pay this hotel prom tomrrow
Huh lol : If you not a believer suck a BIG A DICK hahaa Ah
i back this hard. not the penguins. all of these amazing people. go bears.
Justin Timberlake's grandma, Sadie Bomar confirmed that he and on-again, off-again girlfriend Jessica Biel have gotten engaged
yeah...I only got da tickets 4 me & my dad :'( sorry...
Daydreaming about my IRELAND trip!!
Why is the the dog or crazy guy always called charlie in all the shows.
Tell me, are you a badfish too?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
is a talented videographer that has directed videos for many of us in Athens...hence the overzealous twitter blast!
Oh man. Why have I not been watching "Bob's Burgers"? Haha!!
Know who your true friends are.
Breakfast blend coffee + chocolate chip pancakes = best Saturday combo ever.
it's gorgeous, but nothing more than an exercise in giallo aesthetic. I feel the best giallos are the same as good thrillers.
"LinkedIn is watercooler talk; Facebook is a backyard barbeque." Also, it's your online resume!
Thanks a bunch!
It was port... both Dr. Tubbs and Loconte would cry.
Cut the lights off for the
Rondo pretty much hates the press and answering questions.
almost done with proposal due Monday for book chapter on working with faculty writers
So much for having a good night.
That's awesome! You're a senior, right?
when was the last time I ask YOU to back me up? All I need and that's if I need them is chuck and Tez they always been there
okay "bro" well we've been bothers by choice for so long yet you're on this "drama" that really hasnt been around for awhile
That's why I laugh so much
saturday tmrw, doing nothing :P hanging with samantha after 9/11 mass on sunday <3
Jill Vialet is telling us how recess can improve education.
Where should San Francisco's pesthouse be erected? I would not want to have a lazar-house on my block. I suggest Oakland.
wow just saw rock the stage on ellen <3
Went to Taco-Bell thought I was Hungry. NOPE. Know im stuck with this Bag of Tacos!
Road trip to Tennessee this summer.<3
Ah! I need to go to sleep but not tired yet! Lol I tried #SHOULDERSHINE & #TOETAPPY together! Not too hard! Lol its fun!
lol I'm making a log house
honestly, your the best friend EVER!
IT'S SO HARD BEING REALLY POOR AND NOT FRAT.
Planning a series of acrylic hand painted & airbrushed shaded versions of my characters. Going to be crazy-awesome and/or awesomely-crazy.
Whoo-whoo! I LOVE owls - almost to the point of it being embarrassing. Loved your piece - very sweet. :)
Many simple things add up; participate in local govt for the future
Bill Benjamin is back with us! EQ is essential to success in business, whether our own or our employees. Tune in now to hear more!
Pressing B while you're Pokemon evolves
Remember: Crying doesn't make you a weak person, not crying when you want to, does.
Time to music surf on youtube. =)
Did you get any good feedback on this? I'd love to look at inspiring designs for either (newspaper, newsletter). What is SND?
How do you feel about The Creatures?
leave the knicks alone - we have enough trouble as it is
Beautiful Voice.... (excuse the randomness)
Swear I'm Boutta Go Off On Everybody. #Swear -_-
Titanic II: Retro Genius, or Just Another Bad Remake? - TIME
The solar flare could disrupt your life this morning! Find out how coming up on the !
Wasn't that why Hawks got O-Don't-ya?
I love pouring that last bowl from a box of cereal...20 flakes, crumbs and a few spoonfuls of pure sugar goodness.
..aint that the truth. The silver bullet theory at its best.
how much each?
Good plan!
Just let me have you!!!
My thanks to all the people following me. I hope you'll visit my web pages to see if books I write are to your likiing. www.lindaswift.net
Register to vote now!
Watching HGTV real estate shows stinks. This lady just bought a decent, 2k sqft house in the city for 109k. Granted the city is St Louis.
hey you. yes u . reading this tweet. ur beautiful and dont let anyone tell u different :)
shit me too my nigga, im on fairwood and forest
Combing through FY12 program evals for member suggestions to develop even better FY13 programs.
- better rethink that...Pujols has 2 rings!
Prepping for 's first regional meetup at - is speaking on Startup Landscape. Come out #Baltimore!
OMG, they just announced they are doing another season of Real Housewives of Miami. WHY? That season sucked.
I wonder if there's a #FourSquare "mayor" of the Cadillac Hotel in #Rochester?
guys....south campus gateway- Aug 1st. Keep an eye out for mobile truck between now and then
Saw #InTime last night - great concept!! can act!
too early
Stevie Wonder, performing live right now at Whitney's service - watch and chat with fellow fans on Zenlive.tv
very well thanks!!
First lobby day at State Capitol a great success, followed by well attended reception. We appreciated the invite to participate!
When engaging in social media strategy, be genuine & human with your customers. This isn't PR. Learning new tips from
That totally made me laugh.. Let me see you shake those naughty bits.. :)
Amazing day! Thanks to PTA advocates for lending time, talent, and VOICE to fight for kids. Can't wait for tomorrow!
Hahaha looks like he's doing the thriller
Up now is The Moodies from Manchester NH these guys are groovy!!
I thought the video of pulling a blade, was both illuminating and distracting?!
But if breaking anonymity feels like the principled thing to do . . .
It's freaking insane trying to deal with Twitter, FB and G+ at the same time. But there are meds for that too.
I WILL RIDE NO QUESTIONS ASKED FOR & THEY FAMILY 4LIFE & LOYAL TO THE CAUSE OF LOYALTY & FAMILY
so glad its friday my fam is in town cant wait to live it up!!!
i blocked her, tht was so childish of her like really childish im still shocked i jus woke up its 6am and i see tht lil grl shit
I have a live journal so I know all about HTML code
with all of the wrong picks you made this year, how the hell are you making money anywhere?
Today I'm cooking for lunch
i often gauge by how quickly i get to "so, this is where I am today..." And then to questioning my life choices.
haha, i remember the day i met you you were so amazing tht day juss sayennn boo.
Oh. I didn't press save before uploading a document for a job app. Ugh.
Any George Clooney sightings yet??
Dancing With The Stars > The Voice :)
hahahaha ikr! We crack each other up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
It's all the roach ... ahem ... doo doo, Deepak.
awe, come on. That place isn't that bad anymore, I promise! Haha
Dude, I'm not talking about friends!
Yep. After giving it up for Lent, it's like drinking the "nectar of the gods"...
Blood of a slave Heart of King<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
Our World is a sketch comedy show that was inspired by shows like In Living Color. Our premere is next month. Check us out!
interesting. seems like issues could have been avoided with more monitoring/research from Council, etc.
cause i slept on it for 8 hours it was stunned i was freakin out
Listening to a lecture on the deterioration of the music business.. Glad I never pursued my dreams of being a professional jazz clarinetist
Cool morning. :) <U+E326>
My manager is two hours late....oh I am about to be so fucking pissed if I drove down here for nothing
#shout it out "I can do it"
That really was a Hattori Hanzo sword!
Now this hoe want to joy ride around
lol you ain't gonna do nothing so.....
please hurry
Everyone is invited to the presentations today - 4pm undergrad capstones. 6:15 pm grad student MA's. Conference room.
oh snap!! We don't even have any of those... That's awrsome
We're opening at 9pm, Merry Christmas!
I'm so sorry I didn't know you were waiting for the story in your car. The next version will air at 5:03 PM. Thanks again
have fun !!! lol saw your meal on instagram "I am dazzling" but major siked to hear the new album x
RT : Loving you is the most genuine thing I did and the biggest mistake I committed."
What in the HELL are the #Clippers doing???
Elvis week. Maybe that's why it's also "Admit You're Happy" day and "Happiness Happens" day. Not happy? then "think happy" . Starts inside.
CONGRATS!!!!!!!! U R FANTASTIC KELLIE!
SHOUTOUT RIGHT BACK TO YA.
Hope is dark and love is blind
Its okay:) Lol i just felt like sharing that:PP && i miss you!
agreed. People should be able to marry whoever makes them happy
Matthew, that's why God created DVRs! :)
Weeds are flowers, too, once you get to know them. - A.A. Milne
Going home to watch scary movies. Too cold to be anywhere other than my bed tonight.
Feels Great To Be Up This Early !
NFL coaches make the assumption they can coach their side of the ball and look for the quality players on the other side.
Mom told me she's going back to school..
chachi girl i see you
you're just figuring out now that something is wrong with me?..
Prof. Giggie on the political, religious, economic, & cultural spaces of #railroads where blacks explored freedom and experienced
Republicans’ priority list: Massive tax giveaways to Americans wealthiest ranks just after an all-consuming desire to defeat President Obama
This is why I wanna blow this fuckinh car up at Westland mall!!!!!
Those demi-gods with their nine inch nails and little facist panties tucked inside the heart of every nice girl..
Howard the Duck, hahaha! Haven't seen that movie since I was little :)
Loving this yoghurt and its local Colorado!
good morning jennifer happy wednesday
A compassionate government keeps faith with the trust of the people and cherishes the future of their children.
just finished a session done for the night
#InCaseYouDidntKnow But I can also be the nicest girl you've ever met (:
Smhhh I'm Really Watching Cartoons Right Now
So just a power point due Friday, right? Or is there a paper too?
At Broadway Pier on bay downtown San Diego for press conference supporting Navy Broadway Complex project. New jobs & revenue for San Diego.
I couldn't agree more
Awesome do you have a directory of guard services you market to
If you are in Paris, Tn and want some amazing pizza, stop in at the Pizza Kitchen!
Love this guy-PSU man who had offered to help get UM Marching Band to TX. You're an honorary Wolverine, my friend! RT congrats!
she did it!! and i love it
How did that North Shore Connector work out for everybody today?
I JUST WANNA MAKE YOU SWEET
Good morning, all. Coffee is on !
Sure wish we could be there! No babysitter :( Good luck! DL! I know you'll kick-ass for #Memphis 2nte! Mr. Funny man!!
My new year's resolution is every day make a #healthierchoice. Today stopped eating leftover indian food when full even though so good.
My background is a picture of some students from my elementary school. I will always love that place...
Paul not Weller
thanks for the mention. I appreciate it.
I told you everyone loves us
Got a spam email from a dude named "Max Gentleman" asking if I want a bigger johnson. Not very gentleman-like, Max.
see you soon! Doing AIDS Walk this morn!
sorry lady! I've been off twitter awhile. Still need?
yeah, drug taking is like Dr. Seuss's "waiting place." It's strategic tho. The later he arrives, the more I will buy.
Listening to some of the Blues Ques I recently co-wrote and recorded for Film & TV placement. They really sound great - retro yet modern!
Fastest growing community in SE Michigan is Arab American
My baby can make me feel better about just about anything(:
what station do I have to listen to?
Ugh, what a day. On day 2 of the HCG diet, its a tricky one
You're not making any sense.
Thanks #MarkLogic for a great conference! Learned a lot and met some knowledgeable and nice xml/xquery peeps
"All art is but imitation of nature."-Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Go check this out. It's pretty eye-opening.
<U+E419> (looks away) oh nothing...
Reggie better make me some damn enchiladas -__-
thanks Kathy! Potential MCDM class: Visual Information Strategy??
yeah a waste of my brain cells.
Gordon Gartrel swag
okay. Just letting you know the door is open if you need something.
Too Funny. so quiet out here you could hear a fish flatulate. (via )
I aint been retweeted in a solid hour so im off this bitch dueces
Lil Wayne is engaged?????
Goethe was onto something there. Nice to meet you too.
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do, well. Henry W. Longfellow
Hmm..Power out in the neighborhood. Isn't this the point in the movie where I go downstairs and get killed? Staying put.
Best of luck,
Tell to buy you a beer and let you get a "redo" on that Hefe!
I suspect that this is his defense mechanism not to deal with life. And to think that I gave him my heart and soul. Unllike him--I have
Group applauds comment re: Dodd/Frank limiting business growth at
I just ran a trip on their site & including airfare for 4N 3 days it would cost $6,085.00 without food. Shall I book it? :)~
your pretty awesome the way you used those wood pieces and turned them into ball light fixture's ;)
deviant dale's ipa growler for just 22.50 all day or till the keg kicks.
I miss making love
Great Meeting with You! I love love! =)
that sounds like a Rx for happiness!
RT : CAUGHT IN THE SQUEEZE BETWEEN FAST FOOD AND CASUAL DINING,
Please notice me kim!!! please
Now if I can just find a babysitter!!!!
Watching Sherry Shepherd with Prince was hilarious ... we true Prince fans know what she was feeling in that moment.
You just teasing me now!
So do I. Hope tide is turning. RT : Murderers, rapists, politicians are allowed to marry but gay people are not. I find this odd
for my birthday (august 15th) wish i wish that or will follow me :) :)
I never sleep, cause sleep is the cousin of death
that moment when u haven't seen someone in a while and u finally see them and first thing that come out your mouth< i thought u died>!
next week I get to see my Bestie :)
I am so addicted to tweeting i cant stop hell me
My pleasure.
How crazy is this line for cap & gown? Am I right?
The Spaghetti Sauce Speckler
“: may I suggest a guitar duel instead ?” Totally. We'll be Ralph Machio, you guys are Steve Vai.
CAMI! i miss you too!
I love my gym :) just got free qdoba
is tangible.
Tonight is Stuckey's 3rd career 30-point game (3rd quarter: scored 19 points, 4-for-4 from behind the arc)
nothing personal just thought it might make u gag again...
I love that video!
I'm al right. Don't nobody worry about me! #jamminInMyCar just let it be :)
hey trevor follow me buddy
And how often do you pick a talented actor who doesn't exactly match the character's description?
On this gray day, the gallery is brightly lit. Come in to 901 New York Ave. NW at the green awning for light and color on your lunch break!
Twitter always crashes on my iPod. It's so freaking annoying.
oh I'm not sure. You can call up the venue tho. Im sure they know! LOL
goddamn, I'm jealous. I had green juice.
are you at the office?
stomach flu did not help me write. Forgetting I had a deadline did not help me write.
And.... the live music has driven EVERYONE out of the bar. I actually feel bad for the band that is now playing to an empty house.
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference....
whats the word over there? We're getting 503 errors
Researchers develop system to help prevent construction accidents and materials falling from buildings
First morning after turning last project in. I'm free! I'm free! I'm... bored? Uh oh.
Prometheus looks dope
You're right :) RT lol I I have a pretty good idea of who's in charge of this account ;)
School tomorrow. Why do the weeks go by so slow but the weekends so fast? :(
love love love that book
QoTD: "The only good luck many great men ever had was being born with the ability and determination to overcome bad luck." (Channing P ...
Lol I hope no one read that.
My Goal Before 2012 Is For To Follow Me ;DD <3
Sixers done snuck in the playoffs.
7p, I look forward to seeing u!
First 10 people to tweet out "I want to try the new #LichiChews " today will win a complimentary box of our yummy Chews!!
I'm soo hungry!
just got back in the saddle after a hella great summer! how are you jett?
Today was just another small, yet significant step in my radio career... I was named interim Program Director at #Hungry &
People's questions at #suspectmz #sxsw reinforced for me how good a thing is.
In the mariposa room-- myths and tips about institutional funding (ie grants)
I don't think today could get any better. Such a happy girl today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Woah that was weird and scary I see a tweet about Justin and then one less lonely girl starts playing...
Ah in 24 I trust!!
I'm the fiber of the art world.
you R the Cm punk
Just registered for timeline webinar. Going to try to listen in on my lunch break Tommorrow
Repair your iPhone with AppleTekGuru! Your one stop repair center for all things Apple.
Goodnight twitter. #laterbbygurl (:
At the A where Laura Bradley will again do double national anthem duty for the Heat and Raptors.
what's up? Your killing us. PPPPPPLLLLLLLEEEEEEEAAAAAASSSSSSEEEEEE!!!!!
I'm still in the 49th state. I won't even mention the dirty word that is the snowless state you're currently in! :)
I wonder when it'll click for me that my neighbors can actually see inside my new apartment... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Let it out, mi hermano, if that's what you're feeling. Your real people will not judge you. And who cares about the rest?
Got my mom hooked on the #earthproject www.culturalinquiry.org/earth
Loving these #bobcats Let's Go
the fact that you are there and not here. har!
Bart looks devastated.
#ReasonsToSayAmen God woke u up this morning
All my mother's day plans were for outdoors. And it's raining.
Well, exactly! Love your twitter background using the MGM class picture, btw.
My mom and I emailed each other at the same time. Mine said omg woke up w puffy eyes, im fugly. Hers said u must take a passport pic today
Be a pal,
yep. He will not be fully healthy come playoff time.
: So excited for this years #LOLC Charity Fashion Show!
You can't take back the words you NEVER said.
": I can't wait to produce a true talent search TV show where it's not rigged by executives. Yup, I said it. #nothappy #thevoice"
the baby on yur icon is beautiful !
Thanks for the mention!!!
Thanks! RT : #Follow Home-grown Southern Kitchen & Bathroom Design/Consultation
Oakland #Raiders sign backup QB Matt Leinart
RT : Thanks for sponsoring a fabulous happy hour, ! Everyone is having a great time !
hell yes
#waystomakemehappy talk about Eminem.
Need some
call me
- in tears over what you endured but grateful at your release. The ESGT cmmty sends love
Yeah you are like super sonic!
mlm <-- to all of you that act like you have no manners.
Got Toni's sister's 21st B-Day party tonight at our house...Pirates of the Carib theme..c'mon over!
Don't I feel silly! Thanks for educating me :-)
Any progress with Flacco or Rice?
bittersweet indeed.
Vegan sausage made w Roasted Red Pepper, jalapeno, Garlic n Pepperjack Daiya cheese today!
Opening a (most recent) Mac Mini to install RAM is extraordinarily cool. Baby, this is hardware.
#NeverShouldYouEver keep textin or calling me after the last 3 times you tried its not gon work.
me! driving down in the morning
make the car go BOOM! Where can I get that old skool Magic Mike?
Prosody Live tonight at Ice Bar...
Back to Green at lap 180 with 1 and 2 at
RT : I'm scared to drive :( lol its nothing to it but to do it! U gota confront your fear amber I used to be like that too
it's unlike any you've seen! Let me know what you think after you see it
bout dam mate! Does NHL 11 feel like NHL 94 to you??
can't get to the "design" section of my account settings. Just FYI :)
I'm on team "cute little schmeckle" FTW
One word texts can just kill your mood
but I'd be love to hear about what you want to customize though. Might be able to add some support in the future.
WAS FUN TO BE AROUND!..i HOPE HE REACH THE TOP OF HiS SUCCESS...<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Need mobile farmers markets in Tampa Bay. Retrofit a bus/mobile home purveying fruits, veggies, sustainable edibles to neighborhoods.
man hit meh up
Can't wait to watch NY1 in the morning and learn why there's a search chopper hovering 100ft above my building and Impalas circling my block
Cant wait till teen wolf.
no my parents took two of them and my ex broke the other one!
Still on vacation. life is good
and now my other lovely too :)
“: I gotta worry about thirsty hoes like trying to get at my boyfriend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>” @ me...oh wait. nvrmind
67% o: dang *High Five*
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship - never
Kings are winning the cup... #callin it
That's whats up! We got some die cuts in the works right now too!
should be killing Dallas but for crappy decision making.
I would love a Vera Bradley wallet!
Was it Queens Centre Mall?
I need you to need me.
good luck - id def do the same of I was in VT.
Ur knife my back my gun ur head!
hilarious avatar! You have a great sense of humor & are making a positive impact in New England one tweet at a time.
I will indeed, Kristine!
#Earthquake 5.78 hits #Mexico City - Funny how compared to the last one people are calling it "light"
reality TV must be destroyed
Enjoy the read RT bought 3 copies of #SunStandStill waiting in line for a copy to free up while everyone tells me what Im missing
should be able to get some off UL fan after beatdown! Lol
Nope, in Virginia. Work starts tomorrow.
Listening to good music on a rainy day, keeps the tyranny of my mind at bay.
Remind me again. Why are we supposed to care about Jessica Simpson?
even though #harbaugh ended a great #Trojans win streak in the #Coloseum, can't help but root for him and the 49ers revival! beat the Saints
Hope you like the new format, it's more user-friendly and allows for comments. Love to hear any feedback you may have
Start calling myself "the king" for lack of a better title
ALWC invite your friends and family and let's all pray today that Gods spirit would draw people to Him like never before.
Excellent rendition of 'I'll Always Love You'! That was incredible!!!
finished coloring my issue of popeye... this thing is finally done.
what song?
2 Timothy 2:16 gives great insight to the devils plan 1) To trap u 2) To use u as a pawn to do his will. Refuse to let him use u today!
The day I stop making fun of myself is the day I quit life.
#Blackparentsquotes you better be in the house before those street lights come off!
When in doubt, wear red. ~Bill Blass
I really wanted to stay asleep today, wtf
my old phone died, had to buy an iphone, damn
Spotted in the Mac App Store before my last tweet, but had to RT them because I can't look away from this app. So magnificent.
happy 47th anniversary!! God is Faithful!!
The Lakers are 3-7 in their last 10 playoff games going back to last season.
#TimTebow makes more money than #AaronRodgers does... There's definitely something wrong with that. Rodgers > Tebow (in every way possible.)
Thanks for the follow. A fine chick like u needs more...
Agree with that“: Worst pairing was Barkley and Melo... Could've paired Chuck w/Blake... Melo w/Bernard King.”
Unfortunately all the games are blacked out for the SC Playoffs. Only available in audio.
"Write about it. Post about it. Blog about it. Shout it out vía social media...Content is King."
Hey pretty lady:)
Lost a huge pot with QQ vs kj to get 11th for $2960. Playing main Tom at 11.
Q3) the willingness of stakeholders to break from tradition and the ADDIE model :-) lol
Thanks for the #FF mentions!
Facebook CRM...big idea right there
Is it wrong that I hide my MamaPita leftovers from the rest of my family?
Yes. Since I'm an account that makes icons. I don't care which icon you give me. Demi Lovato is good though. <U+2665>
thank you.
is it weird that I just realized you are in fact right? Wow.
“: Almost... ;-) RT Almost as pretty as the #24 car ;-) #Corvette #BJA2012 - I love those cars
will be listening to bittersweet symphony all day
Robert Mirabal says to #NM don't get xray'd at airport. Go for pat down & pretend it's a full body TSA smudge.
blowing up ur phone like a boss
It's follow friday, my good man! When you tell people who they should be following!
Only person I know bit by rattlesnake picked it up b/c thought it was dead. So don't do that...
toning the buns for beach season
abou to get me a glass of wine sit in my studio and get it in Yes :)
nice icon
When everything is going right something has to come up. How i want to see the boyfriend
lol its gonna be ok :)
Bought a bunch of shit Today what's new we got a Dyson!It was like $400 bucks,NICE!Eating milliondollar pie.
I know. But not stolen. Built upon. Without their work, his story doesn't even exist. And, one of their dogs was poisoned.
- thx for the reverb links. love me some new verbs.
Wow can this day get any worse.
... You want someone to call your own but you don't wanna meet anyone? Hmm ok lol
I got it from the dolloar store :)!!
Have you RT the #WBMegaSweeps yet? Just in time for the holidays, YOU could be the lucky winner of 11 awesome WB films! RT!
Jaguars sweep series against LSU-Alexandria to end season - Victoria Advocate
Just madee a twitter, mahhhdddd cool. (:
I rate my life on a scale of Waiting For Guffman-Back To The Future.
rumor is he might be in the UK section tonight. Wouldn't that be just perfect?
hello my friend how's it going?
When I was a kid the only person who wore goofy glasses to a press conference was Kurt Rambis and that was because he couldn't see.
GM! Failure is the tuition you pay for success...
Let him that would move the world- first move himself. ~Socrates
Movie Night. $1 Dogs. Burger and fries $6!!! Tomorrow is Steak Night and Football! Open at Noon on Sat and Sun for football!!
the Beliebers we are like family to where you are in a time of tears and joys your uplifting us with just a smile thanks for everything
what's goody?!
oh really
I have always depended on the kindness of strangers. ~ Tennessee Williams
- that's cuz everybody at the top is really really busy :) no time to sit :)
We might go winless but I want #Terps in the big 10 bad, ACC fb is bad
Wouldn't change this for the world. Can't wait till next weekend.
people have misunderstanding concerning what school libraries are about
EVERY drink from 1-2am at Firehouse is poured as a double! Seriously. 1AMpowerHOUR! Who is gonna hate me tomorrow?!??
Oh man... that looks fantastic.
Gingrich is sitting at the head table, Perry is shaking hands and working the crowd at each table.
is surveying & mapping the internet entities that she oversees.
Thank you irocDaMic for the blessing
nope, not a TeeRex trademark, but nice catch. Where did you spot that?
"A recent poll put Facebook’s favorable rating among Americans at 58%, well behind Apple (74%) and Google (82%)" via
Smelly Vagina on my forehead ?
Updating my website while watching...The Librarian - Quest For The Spear
Rick Rubin as "reducer," not "producer" -?uestlove
When and i try to rap parts of songs, Funniest shit ever.
I was supposed to stop smoking but I forgot lol
What new movies are out worth going to see???...
can you let me know what your thoughts of the seminar are!! I'm thinking about going to the one in boston
Heck yeah! Thanks!
It's going to flood again tonight, isn't it? And yes, I do have two loads of laundry hanging out to dry.
come to the hood. We got beer on ice n some liquor.
Me!!! RT busy day in radio land...who ready to be off work???
It's too easy to read the history of the twentieth century as episodic. We need histories that emphasize the continuities.
omg yes
Too bad went to bed... Wanted to tweet her my tattoo... What a coincidence that the saying I got is in her song that I <3
its hard to tweet when somehow gets mad that a jobless person has time for social networking
Driving to schoolio ^.^
HA!!! RT : I swear virtual meetings = me not paying attention... until they call my name then I ask them to repeat the question lol
the Skittles denote childhood innocence taken away.
Chorizo said its his girlfriend MaryJane's bday today and I can meet her before the game if she ever gets here. He said she's from Mexico
i'm tired of being lied to.
shouts out to my roomate follow
VZW bills in advance. Tmo will start billing in advance for new customers. New change in May.
2 more hours 'til happy hour!!! 1/2 price beer, cocktails & glass wine. Let the countdown begin =)
about 2 hours ago
what day of the week is that?
Follow me back! is a Sexy account related to Sex Dating!;)
not sure if you remember me, met at LBC show a long time ago.. did you hear about Joe? I can't believe it.
I don't know the password for my wifi yet so I can only tango or oovoo
Seattle take 2 of 3 against best team in baseball in front of big, noisy home crowds. Mariners renaissance is officially underway.
you too. Have fun with Cassey
today is apparently international kissing day. heyoooooo
what about Tampa
tht ur pretty and nice? It's true!! And Vinny is hot and nice. I cant deny the truth unless I hate u but I don't hate u so
I smoke Shrek y'all
Popcorn maker in a Dentist office?! #Brilliant ; )
Haven't one money all day
thoughts flow so freely late at night
Compose new Tweet...Love is more than a 4 letter word
Attended my 1st bluegrass concert in a cathedral
#WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty somebody gonna get they booty felt on
yes, the World Series is not what it used to be :-(
Hope you are feeling better!
Been craving taco bell for like 2 weeks finally got it and it gave me life....
CAn be a thousand words have 100 meanings! Said almost everyday! Can hurt! Can make u smile for while <that word that word>
Thanks!! RT : congrats on the crowd! Those sandwiches are worth it!
Want to relax? Want to party? Want some food? We got it all so come on down!
Thanks for making my point about RW Troglodytes. :)
"Dioramas, Dinosaurs, and the Occasional Odd Penguin" www.notesfromaglobalperspective.blogspot.com
You havent paid rent in 2 months
Blazers playing hard regardless of what's on the scoreboard. Trying to get back to the scratch and claw persona of not that long ago.
Any buzz is online forever but anything in print has a shelf life of a day, week or month -
....all bad...and u wonder why u wake up angry and wasted with bull shit ass niggas. Lol ;-)
oh... imma look it up
Sometimes u need to just go for a walk
The new layout's looking' good! Brooklyn United and Name are now above the info. More hierarchy is good.
#spam tweet
It's not the dress that makes you look fat. It's your fat that makes you look fat.
yea go pat!!
Least is happy to see me...
there were moments of panic, then total elation :) “: I have shaky knees just looking at this photo..... EEk.”
i wonder if you can tell the psychos you come across on twitter? more television for derren in the us!!!!!!!
Apparently Catie has lost her smile. Frantically trying to find it.
Uh, you're on your own with that one.
Going to "El Sitio" tonight.
Have you noticed the change to the LinkedIn groups? You can now "view stats", and look for group members at a specific seniority level wit…
Can't deal.
. 21 days till boyfriend . Can't wait . <333
Listening to E-40's " you & dat " makes me wanna start dancing again! Fcken flyer party's and their badass memories man lol
Welcome back to the Randy Moss. Signed a deal with the tonight.
NBC what's with not showing the girls competing while watching the guys chalk?
Fuck I'm so hungry
Thanks for the follow
agreed looks bad for Bo and the program.
what ?!? No one told me . You goin back ?
The Big Cabin in the Woods
This panel could use rep from the endemic brands like garmin, fitness peaks, etc
Does Sigur Ros count? It's another language, even if they made it up.
how is he?
Insane that transit factors into job decisions. It should not be this way!
Our Hearts go out to all living creatures (people, pets, wildlife) affected by the terrible storms in the South.
looks good! have you been? Hey, what are you doing Apr 21? or 20 for that matter?
lol okay! I want to that right now but I'm so busy! lol Every time I talk to you, I think of Despicable Me!! lol
RUSH Now Follow and get followed same time
these niggas out here hustlin' in the school uniform heel nah
true dat u r funny lol ;)
Wow, look at you tweeting!! All is good. Let's try and nail down getting together next week? Thursday?
you are dumb
no he ain't
I'm bouta cook
I did shawty you late
Welcome to #TitleTown!!! Sacks and Superbowl Titles in future.
can't wait to hear about everything. Yes. You must get the shirt it's on the sale rack! Such a good pj top.
Just picked up Skinny (out in October) at the booth; already hooked. Very strong voice.
Beautiful Day! Enjoy the Ritz RT : On my way 2 Marina del Rey 2 finally meet my NYC couple & parents
'Segs in the City' Segway tours in DC, is it rly possible that no one has made this genius pun before?
thanks for putting me in the fun group! Have a good day! :-)
Great, I just did some research. That chirping bird is a male Mockingbird w/o a mate. Apparently the only solution is to get him laid.
Young men talk a good talk while chasing woman but what will they do if they actually catch any
is heading home from Indian Summer. For all the folks who were coming tonight, I never ran into any of them.
I'm closing in on u dude. See u soon.
watched "friends with benefits" on the flight home, and it was surprisingly good. it's not weird to tear up at a flash mob finale, right?
We'll do what we can to help! The RRF could really use the grant to help with the Greenway Gateway project along the river!
weekend coming :) day dreams working!
Jealous! Cranberry mojitos yum mm!!! RT : in your stomping grounds at the Palomino in the Crescent
Goals for tomorrow: Get a bike, Get a beer, and Get on a patio.
Cheers! Thanks for spreading the word! Let's keep it movin!
Have you entered to win? Click www.facebook.com/visitAlbuquerque and 'Like'.
don't party too hard...if I'm not there! ; )
Wuddup cuz! Good to see ya doing well
Good night twitter.
TONIGHT: FuseBox Theatre's last Craigslist show in Nashville. Browse the interwebs of hilarity with us tonight at 8:00pm at Cafe Coco.
who is the only candidate for Mayor to have a negative voting history on LGBT issues? Who campaigned for anti gay Meg Whitman?
New blog post : Workout at Home: Shed Inches Off of Your Waistline without Paying For Expensive Gym Memberships
Agreed. Haven't heard if Kobe has a concussion or not.
The Queen of Pop is in Korea. of course she is, they all love her there!
How nice--to feel nothing, and still get full credit for being alive.
diggin your new avatar!
The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude.
Good. Thanks for spreading the word lol. We can get the whole world talking about comedy....
I heard is having a BIRTHDAY!!!! :D :D :D
so what similarities and differences between #tummeling and #networkweaving?
"Okay I'll ask her if they have wrestling books - but I hope they don't. Do you have wrestling books for little boys?" Oh how I wish we did.
I won't lie I going to miss my boys in Blue next year
Addicted to The Ready Set
The variation probably reflects debate over 'standard' Yiddish (ie Lithuanian) and spoken Yiddish (not Lith.)
I need #toonami to come on again BC I missed it last night. Smh
Awaiting 6PM so that I can play some Ghost Recon Online. Maybe stream a little now that I know what I'm doing.
How many librarians do you know?
These kids are UGGGGGGLLLLLLLYYYYYYY
Awesome - thank you!
I know what you mean! Love you much and call if you need me!! XO
i wanna see is d-9 worth seeing?
Never thought I would say this.... But girl, YOU UGLY! You should go and hide your face to save the rest of the human race from sudden death
“: #SomethingiLearnedLongAgo: Trust is like a eraser. It gets smaller and smaller after every mistake.” mind is blown. So true!
Can't wait! MT #ParksandRec is back April 19th!
Still fun to poke at though. And softball season is a mere few weeks away. How many nights you playing? I am in 3
I feel like being bad... I'm thinking burgers and fries.
New playoff inspired #IAMMEMPHIS T's will be available on Sat & Sun!
Dex: Social networking is like a club. Twitter is the dance floor, tumblr is the bar and facebook is the people crying in the toilets.
Waiting 2 long 2 terminate an employee can be more problematic than terminating 2 early... according 2 this presentation.
“: I prefer the term Latino over Hispanic. Hispanic seems so anglocized. Latino seems, well, Latino. #latism” Agreed
ha, love it!
I don't understand how it's possible to chew with one's mouth open and not annoy oneself with the resulting sound
I'm addicted to tic tacs....
Wow. Are you serious? They really are an evil empire. "Total Sports Network" my ass.
That profile seems fake, I don't think he would talk like that on his twitter.
that guy Ron Ron. SMH.
Good Morning Dylan!!! :) <3
It's Beer Breakfast Tuesday! Today's only entry is Oberon. Would taste even better if it was warmer out
Thanks for the RT! Hope the show went well last night!
Check it out!
Assistant Director for Congressional Relations - The Hill
Sounds like newest wrinkle showing in #Badgers offense under OC Matt Canada this spring: 2 TBs on field at once (both M. Ball & J. White).
Oh yea!! it works
The best treasure resides in graveyards: Many people died with dreams inside of them that they were afraid to try.
better than Final Destination 2 and Next Friday combined.
Wow, hey Jenny, long time no see!
Was that a limp or a swag walk?
Marx: item attributes (metadata) crucial to improving the analytics created in the ReaderLink system
Loving! My new underwear!!!!!!!
This is so.... sad! RT : It only takes some letter swapping to turn "Bob Ross" into "Roy Boss". Also: new avatar thanks to
no they haven't gonebon sale more like in june i think
Lololol Machine Gun Kelly said Hailie was hot. But I don't know why #TeamShady is flippin out.
The things going through my head . . .
At least Kofi rightfully has a strap back around his waist.
Wow lol butt i still wanna know how i changed b/c i don't think i have changed </3
Niggas Ain't Loyal, That's Means Niggas Ain't For You!
Can I marry you or
… 501 jeans on bitch I'm counting figures !
Play Champagne & Chickenheadz
Who to follow, who to follow? Celebrities, any ideas who I should be following here? I only trust you.
Don't forget to catch the #footballwives season finale tonight!!! :o)
#NowWithAlex would only finish selling America off as he did with Co., he overtook!
We are not portrait photographers... Unless they ask us to be! LOL!
debbie friedman @ central synagogue...so beautiful. both the synagogue & music
Yesterday was the best night of my life, by far.
#FF - - amazing artist! - will be the most entertaining tweets in your feed - PR guru - fun!
where ya been slut
running with time!
Jus now about to go to sleep :/
Most boring Spanish class ever. Watching Toy story in Spanish is stupid
you're about to get your shit rocked
haha, not surprising. Been a fun but intense week.
#futrchat It's the prospect of defining yourself as the sum of all these digital parts that could prove to be an ID crisis down the road.
I just don't understand is there something wrong with me?
Wayne Boich | Views On Liberty
thanks man!
It seems to fall somewhere in between Fireworks and the holy grail. I'll take progress over nothing, though.
Happy National Coffee Day!
It's hard to fight tho when all the cons/baggers do is lie like they do and their sheep follow them religiously...sad!!!
Let's go Pacers
Two tweets below yours in my feed was this from : "Graphic: Qaddafi family tree"
Heart crayons for valentines day!!!
Been sleep all day
Hey bro!!! How are u? Sorry I missed out last night!> ": hey Khrystina!!"
-dude on the train tonight was rocking Marlins WS cap; another w/ brilliant throwback San Jose Sharks cap. Looks great; au courant.
For real? *straight face*
I've realized I'm too nice to the meanest people.
O AND A SHOUT OUT TO THE HUSKIES!!!!!!
#Indians Offensive and defense have been phenomenal today! Glad I was off work to be able to watch it.
#SeniorYearMemories ... We almost killed someone and got hit at the same time in Oakland w/ &
Agreed Jamal...easy to cast stones from a cushy chair.
Ok so people on twitter can't hit me up no more what's up with that....oh you guys are something else....smh...
Yeah. Just made the one post so far. Need to break out the camera and take some pics.
The big pay back lol
Had a great B-day yesterday just wish the rangers would of brought home the trophy on my special day lol
Perfect start to a Friday= Yoga at Yoga Flow Shadyside and a run in Frick Park with the sis'! <3 :-)
~I have discovered in life that there are ways of getting almost anywhere you want to go, if you really want to go~ Langston Hughes
Birthday Cake may be our most popular flavor, but Ginger is one of our most unique! Stop by and try both today!
Just saw my 1st McCafe. Nice stuff.
are you still announcing your book winners on Twitter? Fingers are crossed in hopes that I win and don't miss it!!
goodnight world
good luck with the blog. The weekend pics look great. Looking forward to seeing more.
Show some love on twitter with an early #FF & follow
so ive been pretty busy lately.. sont hate me but the fan video might have to wait a few weeks..
when I spill green tea all over my desk, I'm grateful it wasn't coffee
Waking up from a nap three times and replying to your text message late everytime #sorry lol
Have a wonderful Mother's Day!
A thousand miles cheers me up because it reminds me of white chicks, hahahaha
lol don't get mad at me now because I didn't pick you lol.
singing in the car is my specialty.
depends if it is a casual thing or has relationship potential
omfg today in english this guy had a ghost tracker and the red dot means it's strong and their were two of them lmfao it was so funny tho.
I like authenticity, patience and skepticism as next gen librarian virtues
NOTHING BRAH. How sha dowin? Haven't talked to u n ageesssssss :(
lol fine can't wait to hear!!
always have an extra wardrobe, or embrace each other and show the designer some love, be classy about it... From Kali Mysteek Agency
Aoki was back @ surrender last night he was awesome.. Come check out surrender tonight only
Relaxed today
Reds/Nats on one TV, Caps on next to it in Columbia Heights. Perfect!
ice cream.
Each week read a new poems of Biblical "characters" (some were!) HUMANLY SPEAKING:Conversations With God.New Releases pg. www.lindaswift.net
Thank you! Lots of nice blog posts from FAAN!
Looking for items to give away to members/donors (i.e. - gift certificates). Does anyone have any connections?
i didnt know you took my clothes home you whore !
When's the app coming to the amazon app store? Now that libraries have a "partnership" w/Amazon it's expected.
I know I'm late on this but what metta "world peace" did today made me so much happier that the pacers got rid of him when they did
me too, but still waiting for my every-other-day itunes updates, and so excited to see what the new java update is going to bring
Guys its official i meet the one and only tomorrow. Trying to not run around like a weirdo and scream it out of the rooftops! <3
hey babe
When I become a zombie I want to eat everyone, then party.
#SHOUTOUT to my boy & his AMAZING girl Hope u guys had an amazing weekend :) cheers
I miss u boyfriend :-( make an effort to at least pretend u miss me too!
im rarely offended and rarely offend, but I hear u
These are all good options. And they Sox fans aren't willing to provide constructive ideas. Is that what they say?
I think its funny how whenever someone's friend faceplants or gets hurt there friend always laughs at them its very odd haha
and I are hilarious.
Front desk doody. Boo.
working hard and getting fit.... what's to complain about ;)
aw, find a mannequin and run to a different department, lol
Listening to I agree with the hype so far.
you were apart of the first all female #WMMA fight card!
yeah, it would be totally interesting to let people choose their 2 favorite designs and print them inside and out, too.
um yeah i freaking miss you guys so much legit its not ok
my biggest fear: not being a successful man & having this degree go to waste... worse than jason or mike myers on my neck
Having a problem in finding articles to match vocab words for Alabama. I have used search engines. Do you have any suggestions
Had a great couple of days tracking Dredg for their upcoming album.
I'm not going to lie, it was. :)
#dhtrial with his promise to get their names. Tomorrow we're back.
And to leave for la. I must grind hard and stayed focus, no matter what!!!!!!
Sometimes you wonder if anything was real at all...
I like when Adele was singing cause when the camera panned the crowd everybody was singing not just a select few....
Whose ready for summer?? We got new tanks on the way!
Olbermann compares himself 2 an expensive chandelier.. Hmm hanging from the rafters & not normally very bright, yep that's him
Good Luck!! xoxoxo
Arrived home safe but very tired. I may just sleep until tomorrow.
boom! You're the winner. Now hopefully I won't forget...ha
Just came back from Walmart. All those crazy pics on the Internet are true...there were "Walmartians" in every aisle. Wish I took some pics!
omg hey phil
Great Taz, hope to see you there!
: You’re welcome! Enjoy the rest of your week!
hey if ur gonna text me don't cuz the app isn't working so I'm gonna delete it so hmu here
Should have a couple cage videos up tonight.
omg how was it!!
'tis a book! And I wouldn't be surprised at all if she's done a TED.
this week went by so fast <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
how can you get 20000 followers when you only have 5000
My husband doesn't respect my #RHOBH time... Doesn't he understand?! There is no talking when bravo is on! Capeesh ?
SEAN MARSHALL IS THE WORST CLOSER I'VE EVER SEEN IN MY WHOLE LIFE I HATE HIM SO MUCH SEND HIM TO A.
Mega motorcade delaying my bus. Upside: lots of motorcycles, which are always cool.
Oh WOW. Exam tomorrow, debate/speech tomorrow... Have a done anything to prepare for this? Nope!
RT : Some pursue happiness, others create it.
A balanced diet is important, but they sure are delicious!
And our EP is free for the listening and $3 for the taking on interstates.bandcamp.com
back massage pwty please ;)
best thing I've read in a while! Thanks for trying to find a middle ground among all the food-extremism!
This girl said that i applied for a loan.. No mam
Party with tonight as we toast to our owner Joel on becoming a daddy at Katacombs 1909 N Lincoln...we will be given away drinks
Great call today with & ; forming a power-packed group of entrepreneurs and process folks. Watch for this to build
#yobitv Are you having technical difficulties ? because ive been tweeting and I dont see my tweets. School me im new to this?
My sinuses are stuffy:(( ughh it hurts
can't wait til I'm 21. I wanna hit that shit up bad lol
It's challenging, that's for sure!
Follow me as I will be sharing short extracts from my manuscript (If the souls of my shoes could speak)A BOOK?
What do you consider your greatest achievement? How did you reach it?
Sometimes to win, you've got to sin. Don't mean I'm not a believer.
you made it sound like you were a VIP for #wantful. haha #santa is not real, cool items on your list though...stay
RT : Do NOT lower your standards to "KEEP" anyone. Make them meet you at YOUR level. Self respect is POWER.
Literally just got home from catering for over 8 hours..so unbelievably tired.
You would vow to quit playing golf while in office?
Look forward to meeting you! :)
Double it. Add six. Half it. Take away the number you started with. Your answer is three. Mind=Blown
thank you. you are such a sweetheart.
you're over there w/Jen, tell her all of that.
P.S. Game is tied. 41-41.
lol I'm always out. Your the one that's been M.I.A
There was jus a dance crew on americas got talent that's from ur home town! :))
Great giveaway on our blog! www.knowledgesafari.com
Jesus saves.
Thanks for good conversation today. Look forward to working with you on upcoming #Fulbright social media projects.
Snow Stick t-shirts? That's an awesome giveaway!
The "Bicycle" scenes for "On Tap" are done. Next up, "Beer on the Boards" next weekend.
my SC is soundcloud.com/spotlightz I'm not that good. And my criminal mix is my 1st house mix lol.
One of these days that tram is gonna crush me, I just know it.
Love never seeks riches, it makes RICH what it has.
THE SUNS OUT! THE SUNS OUT! THE SUNS OUT!
RT Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are.
Sounds good! Looking forward to it. Actually, I can be the same way too.
you 2 should itd be cool. Is it awkward if u sit by eachother or something
get the ball out of behanan's hands- 59% looks high for him right now
Interior/Exterior painting contractor serving San Diego County for over 25 years.Call a professional Mr.D's 619-562-5848 "We Love To Paint"
I bought a new glass pipe. All I wanna do is use it n go eat free samples at whole foods.
Need you more than ever.......
BOOM let it out now!
I liked the beginning more than the ending.
“:waking up to pics & video from #Coldplay Hollywood bowl you text me was pretty awesome. Jealous!” Wish you were there!!
"Everything is part of the life cycle."He said.Same kid who once said,when I told him he was on my last nerve,"Well God is the first nerve."
tired of school
“: Don't end up in a roadside ditch, Pittsburgh.” Hah yes. Literally chuckled out loud.
This girl at my church this morning looks JUST like !!
#PinkTip Promote your brick and mortar on Facebook Places and Google Places
Can we get Gustavo on tambourine?
you can :) part of really believing you can comes from trying, failing, but persevering <3
Versace© and Robin Jeans© linen today. What's everyone else rocking today ?
yeah lets hope i finish strong!
Nope. A few clouds
A small business can take a solid 7 years to develop. A musical career is no different!
Had a long chat w CEO last year. Cool UI, nice guys. Tough to build one size fits all tho. Good to see narrower focus.
This is hilarious guys...check out this site and it will make your day!
If I wasn't raised right. I would just say what's on my mind, then your feelings would really be hurt.
just one hour babe!
44% of women can’t enjoy sex with people of low intelligence
The unproductive is strong in this Jedi today
WiMAX Forum Member Conference in San Diego, CA - January 18-22nd. Sunny, warm weather just one week away!
/// Wow.....Heat fans are REALLY mad tho.
Brazil shot first. RT : ...Hope Solo pulls out her blaster, pulverizes Brazil, and revs up the Millennium Falcon...!
T. Million
Congrats! - dreams becoming reality
ok then we'll keep in touch.
Oregon's is in two weeks. Will probably fall around that FSU number.
what's up??
All of the books in the world contain equal a broadcast as video in a large American city in a single year not all bits have equal value
#Bears well get there ass kicked tonight
Cleaning my room, I feel like a hoarder
: Ms. Caroline an Roz jacked a few people's offices, so it all worked out. Good turn out tonight!
keep your head up. I hope u get a chance to show us what you've got
take me with you when you see the twins next! So adorbs!
Merry Mad Men Day. Can't wait.
Anyone know if Terrelle Pryor active for today's game? I wonder if he's gonna get any snaps at WR just to welcome him to the Raiders roster.
Are you licking your shirt?
One of the worst food experiences in my life ... Stay away my friends! Stay away...
Only 4% of National Historic Landmarks reflect the contribution of women. Goal to expand that. from Ken Salazar
yes! you visiting anytime soon?
That awkward moment when your balloon pops in a restaurant and everyones eyes are on you..
Cruising with NCL is the way to have fun!
We'll have the updated file labeled 'final-new' so you know which one to use.
Up Early On This Writing Flow. Wrote About 3 Songs In A Hour. Gonna Try & Get Some Sleep Then Hit The Studio Later On
How many camp chefs do you know who tweet? I know one pretty cool guy:
Why did Steve Carrell have to leave The Office
I've actually played that game...lol. it's pretty violent.
I'm tired gettin off of twitter
What's the dress code for semi?
If the product IS the first of it's kind & WILL bring big change...best way to approach subject with you? Customer?
thx guys! Love my 'walks!
Hot Topic :) Atleast that's what I was told... Or online
Thanks for following back! :)
on it now thanks. going to take first picture very very soon.
I look busted as hell
“Hair by Mae Alice Davis. My mama.”- Viola Davis, who opted for a natural ’do instead of a wig.
Where I'm from we don't talk about we gotta be about it. If you're talking about it, you're just bragging. - Brad Pitt
Im never satisfied with my twitcon.
Headed to the Vigil at MICA!
Not surprised to hear Juron Criner is excelling in OTAs. The #Raiders suddenly have one of the best up-and-coming receiving corps in the NFL
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at PEPPER... at RIO... & at KLUSOZ.
Every show is love, I love Music its never work its always fun creating time now yeah!
Kill the Headlights -Nicole Atkins
Sweet thanks, I'll check it out!
So how did you bring in the New Year?
Go ahead and vent! What's on you mind?
What's your ring size? ;) RT Wedding dress shopping looks so fun .
It's a small world, but there are a lot of variables
Fun Fact: Charles University, host of The Prague Semester, was founded in 1348 and is the oldest university in Central Europe.
Having a lot of fun updating my website.
Evolution preceded revolution - Rochester Democrat and Chronicle
Dope concert
no doubt. we gotta get back up its been too long
Need to win this game
We are on our way to Selma, AL for "Bloody Sunday"!
Wow here at work and just hearing about Donna Summer...RIP
great day in apc. Getting it done on squat with and Now i just need to get it done on bench
D: refreshing your page like cray.
Can you stand the rain
Looking to go green? Purchase your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter at your nearest select Albertsons!
people are starring..... Hahaha
no, don't joke about that.
yes there will be video from
I wore hot pink spandex and a zebra sports bra today JUDGE ME
PAUL WILLIAMS STILL ALIVE reveals our human capacity for creativity & self-betterment, shows the manipulating hand of a documentarian.
My new iPhone cam lens with tripod. Fun fun fun!!! ;)
Please share our Page with your friends & family. Thank you to everyone who has LIKED our page so far!
It's been how long and these jokes are still amusing to you?
I was being a smart ass. ;-)
The advantage of being in the fridge for the afternoon #marketmix keynote: easier to stay awake after lunch!
Expunging out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
Finally heading home going to surprise my mom with something
when I have a crush on someone I always think that they'll never like me back :( but I gotta go to sleep, school tomorrow -_-
Psalm 70:4 But may all who seek you rejoice and be glad in you; may those who long for your saving help always say, “The LORD is great!”
Did you find out why he was crossing the road? That's important research.
Hlep me out: a pony tail actually looks like a pony's tail..how does adding a second one make them Pig tails?
Big Fan Much #RESPECT!!!!
Trying to figure out why I find this Braun video so boring
Honesty is the best policy - #decoded. Simple and effective
i would love a shopping spree, i mostly just have unifoms lol i need clothes for college X)
Reading my Communication Arts. Anyone know if they Tweet?
I wonder what happened to my math teacher. I HOPE SHE NOT SICK.
Yay! First of many, I hope.
My pleasure! Cheers!
Thanks G, that wouldn't surprise me. I'll tune in tomorrow for the update.
are u working?
why is your picture ? haha.. not weird at all
Yay, more driving. In traffic.
I wish #SecClinton was a few yrs younger she wld b a great Pres to follow Pres Obama in 2016. U.S. needs at least 2-3 #DemPOTUS' in a row!
I haven't scrolled down my tl in a while lol
I'm already planning the curriculum for our Twittorial. We have a lot of material to cover. Marty will have to wait.
Piffle: noun. nonsense, meaningless talk. (Definition 2: A tweet. Ha.)
; i sorry.
Even at our weakest,or most difficult moments, God can still use us. We just have to make ourselves available to Him. God Bless.
Deal. I was definitely thinking the bologna! Thanks for the recs.
Happy SPD to you also. I want to get drunk from ur big ass >:)
Friend's son Matt Williams is swimming the English channel today; raising funds for SOS Children's Villages.
I'm gonna force to come with me at least once so you better get 'shit yo pants' excited lol
Looking for a Premuime Group of 10 web masters to creat a master rotation program, wlll intergrate Lalrry Loiks (Velocity). REALLY !
hut sut raw
Hahahaha he doesn't even like you.
in the building working on vocals
just checked it out! It must just been posted! May go look at flights ! Here we go !!
I'm telling all my writing friends to invest in Scrivener for Mac. The name generator alone is worth it :-)
Bbq'n wit friends...where yall at?
I'm so hungry! Racist people
heard it like a month ago... Shit is an understatement
I'm still waiting on an RMA #. I called, emailed, tweeted and nothing! I've bought $100s worth of t's in 2 months. Come on?
If you're a great rapper, why not have a dope beat and hook. That doesn't make you "pop"....It means you want a great song.
We reconvene tomorrow!
I'm Hungry
ain't nothing but a houseparty yeah STARRING AMANDA FUCKING PALMER YAY
What time is tea-time today? cc:
Joan Jett to My Fair Lady. This is why and I are friends.
“: I wish at least one guy would treat me right <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>” give it time. The right guy will come.
Future Broker Systems is working hard on their exclusive CLM Platform , and other web products for real estate brokerages and agents!
I'm so fucking sleepy >,>
River Park Branch Storytime every Wednesday in February at 10:30am. Call 282-4635 for more information.
Hi Brant, interested in discussing how Kanjoya's emotional intelligence tool allows you to better understand your clients. DM?
We are #teamfashion and will be keeping everyone updated on our latest products and styles here and on our blog.
Unfortunately not. Are you? Should be a good one.
RT FREE SHIPPING on all purchases 11/13! Time to get our shop on
Love this weather.
Took out my gaugessss.
Must get to my iPhone...I think the Kardashians (the 2 little ones) just walked into Zankou Chicken
ah Portlandia is streaming on netflix omgomg
Something is definitely...off...about Lark Voorhies' skin tone in that video...
#Countdown, less than 10.000 followers! Miss is coming close to reaching the #16MillionsBritneyArmy on twitter!
preciate it homey yeah you know we steadily working over here
I agree. Next time we will sit next to them and see what the hype is all about haha
I think I'm going too makes some Iced coffee fer school tmrw . Im in need of caffeine .
Case throws the ball away while under pressure. 4th and 10 with 2:21 to go.
yea jus hit my phone bro
Name 1 thing you miss about being a kid.
Perfect “You cannot help men permanently by doing for them what they could and should be doing for themselves. Abraham Lincoln RT
S/O to for always being here when I needed her! She also needs to text me cause I haven't talked to her since forever!
No work today. Just chilling at a pool partieeeee. All Day and night!!
It's Bermuda Time! Norwegian has great deals leaving from Boston and New York... Contact me for details!
Anybody looking forward to the start of the #NBA season?? I'd be more inclined to watch if they'd get a team back in Seattle!
Don't forget that tomorrow's our 100 Years of Women Costume Gala at 10th St. Theatre! Costumes optional for all you shy guys. Join the fun!
#IUsedToLikeYouBut But I Realized Your Never Going To Change
you bet! Let me know if you have any ?s!
CU students just found out that school had a basketball team last week. Very impressive turnout and showing.
#when things go wrong i cant bear to cry;&my friends should do something not just ask "is everythin ok"
. Christian Guzman had 20 triples in 2000.
Hey ! Thanks for suggesting us to DM us and we can chat :)
I deff thought it was Friday today
My 3 y.o. pointed his Nerf gun at me and said, "Come with me, sir." Future cop or very polite mugger? You decide!
of course! So glad a friend showed me your new spot, can't wait for the rooftop to open.. I'll be here all summer :)
omfg. somebody why finally understands! lord thank you Jesus !!
Losing Minnesota Vikings Stadium Battle Would Be Costly For NFL
that's what's up, I hear you on the $$$ tip.
Going to sleep. Goodnite everyone
I See How You Tweet People Saying "I Love You" Can I Be One Of Those Lucky People? :)
dawned on me to how #yoga is like #mediation - gotta make yourself comfortable in uncomfortable situations.. hm.. gotcha thinkin?
#vsa2011 Tip #2 from Three Methods Workshop: Keep a journal (or for techies like me a google doc or wiki) of what works for your institution
Goddamnit UNC better pull this off.
Sweet. I'm putting it in the books.
Tonight earth night club! 18+ glow stick/lazerparty!
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love>3 xox
aw were so cutsieee
is a future hall of famer! What a great career. &#35;boilerup
Word. RT : Wrote/filed 900 words in less than hour . Thought I was pretty buck then realized sportwriters do that every night.
Up to 500K children may currently be homeless in the US - JOIN THE FIGHT!
Day one of having no car & already annoyed
I may have a lot of friends but there's a few people that I can trust.
oh me me me!
follow me pls :)
Working with the martial artists to clean up some of the physical stuff--this can be painful if you don't do it right.
Texas always looks like a fun track
#sxgpages Reasons for Google+ 1) search relevance 2) hangouts....not social. According to the panel at
I wonder if the Burger King and Dairy Queen are fair leaders, or unjust tyrants.
My bed is going to have. Long date ;)
at $2.51 I can't resist, if its crap I'll print it to paper and use it as toilet paper. You can't lose, I'm sold!
Last minute group cancel for tomorrow! 7 & 9am tanks. Sneak into our busy schedule w/ $10 off. Call and say 'I'm from Twitter!' 503.384.2620
Do all the good u can In all the ways u can At all the places u can To all the people u can As long as u ever can
Can you tell ppl to follow me , thanks a bunch :)
Shooting future soccer stars, proms and the stars today.
An I Get A Follow? Its Been A Dream For YOU To Follow Me! Can You Make It Come True Cody? :}
#OWS Stay Punk Stay strong! However...fresh punks, can we tag some people that need to get home out? Burden sharing! New Concept! We love it
RT : Jakob Dylan brought along friends Nekko Case & Kelly Hogan to play. They were (the only word applicable) AWESOME
Great pumpfake by rodgers to create passing lane to quarless. Clinic.
Don't have to move for FTs. :( : #Sixers were totally discombobulated on offense. Lots of looking around, no one moving.
You might want to go online and maybe buy 's new comedy special. It cost $5 and it is kind of funny
Reason #8 to join www.DatingChicagoland.com: Exclusive compatibility matching system with all of our members in the Chicagoland area.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else the way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed !Xx
What was the best gift you got on BlackFriday?
I think we can put a fork in the Tim Tebow Era of #Fantasyfootball relevance with the Manning Signing
when strength training, do your ab exercises last. you don't want to use up all your core energy before getting to other muscles
saw our house next year!! 1111 Bowen!!!!!!
Not even close ;D lol jk
A million words spoken are far out-weighted by 3 simple words spoken, which are followed by action...
He's in my death pool and he needs to stop staying alive.
Interested in your thoughts. I love woody Allen and thought I'd like it-- but i hated that movie...
That would be amazing! Great idea :D
6 houses to look at in the next 2days to list. Vacation in 2 days. Figures
that Myrtle Beach guy is stealing your "I'm the next Kid Rock" shtick.
I'm going to do the sprint workout with Martin and he is carrying a harness. I'm scared!
seriously guys. :/
Going to a party and taking my laptop cuz antisocial that's why
what u been up to!
Really wishing that 's rich text editor worked on the iPad. I've written 2 posts but can't format them without HTML. Ugh!
thanks for the retweet. I hope someday soon we get to meet in person!
just met . sweetest guy ever. getting milkshakes with him later :)
easy? you're nuts! im the king at smack talk. thats why i was such a successful And 1 basketball player for all those years.
love you Justin (: <3 forever.. no matter what ill be here for you
I'm a very blessed BASTARD!! ..:)!!
Another great Spring (Break) Seminar! Thanks, & colleagues. I am going to bed!
no update on the Bosh injury yet either
To be fair, Caps were lucky to have been that close to begin with.
they were right....haste does make waste
Gag. I don't completely hate her you know, she just doesn't appeal to me.
I just made a hot date with I'm so fucking excited.
I'll be in Jacksonville next week...
Great to see today. Had a blast talking hoops. One of the good guys in coaching.
Keystone pipeline will "reduce our energy dependence. It is a lie, they say that that oil is for export"
(baby daddy voice) damn you all got my son all starving n shit
And if you don't want to go out in the rain, we deliver...........
It aint the same without you!
Happy birthday to the best poster duct-taper ever, the AGC intern Bo Katzakian!
I did talk about my boobs after-all ~! Still no Sex Bot to move that black number,Oh well.
Every child you encounter is a divine appointment.
Ha! If u've noticed, but I've gotten a lot of backlash on my tweets about Aubrey! What is with that chick?! I hope she doesn't win!
It is. Help yourself.
RT ": Happy are they who take life day by day, complain very little, and are thankful for the little things in life."
Wow! Wish I was there, the weather in KC can't seem to make up its mind!
Tell them lame niggas be quiet.
she needs to do a proactiv commercial
may 19th better be in your calender!
maybe tonite i feel more......
“Butterflies are self propelled flowers.” R. H. Heinlein
you're on crack. Kenan Alibegovic's borat voice is better than borat's
"bitch it's blow job thirty" great...thanks baby
Good luck with your customer visits today! :)
cried her eyes out watching the final episode ... What a clifhanger... :(
We all manage to be in our backyard for mothers day! Happy mothers day everyone!
Anyone know where Noah parked his ark? I may need it to get home this afternoon after school.
Why is scott walker turning my fair city into Miltroit? Recall!
It will be the kiss of death if Romney receives endorsement from The Donald.
thanks i will try to
what sins? i'm a beautiful black christian woman.
Cannot believe I'm going to miss the fried chicken at #porkapolooza at - can't believe I'm missing the entire #porkapalooza !!
Congrats on the move! Sounds like great things are afoot
"Rest oh my soul in Christ alone," by Cindy Ratcliff-Cruise love this song i think i'll listen to it before i go to sleep. Have a goodnite!
yeah summer beauty,
Still looking for flaws in you. Nope, not a single one.
Lol Uk. It
yes I would. You are very talented and handsome to boot. Gosh why the good looking ones so far away?
and come to think of it, Ace may have just jammed with Don Van Vliet . He tells tall tales & I know squat re: Beefheart
Thanks for the follow!
"the vomiting of politics is what fourier calls invention"
maybe i'll take it for a test drive on my laptop to get a feel for it without committing.
I know I won't, if I was reaching for that- I'd go elsewhere. Sit at the bar. Everywhere. Immediate service.
oh, matthew. The drama.
In 1922 President Truman was 38, in debt & jobless. In 1945 he was the most powerful man in the free world. Aim to succeed & never give up.
We are Rollin Wit daRoux...can we roll through NOW( 15 min)
ah. this girl is the cutest thing ever (:
BUT WHEN YOU SMILE AT THE GROUND IT AINT HARD TO TELL
followed, follow back please?
i went and saw the bully movie and this made me go and take a stand im trying to get a club in my school
once again your boy gilbride has let a team back in the game by going conservative.
Best break ever <3
nobody will watch the show it's all about the jets and Rex
Thank god
i think so.. unnie im a horrible cook
RT Sorry champ, but getting "promoted" from fries to drive-thru is not a promotion.
"Power at its best is love implementing the demands of justice." -Martin Luther King, Jr., 1967
Congratulations Erica! She looks positively angelic. What a wonderful time in your life!
of course i remember!
Too far away for me to get it...
Another BEAUTIFUL day in Dallas! Love this spring like weather!
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
So my next question is... in how many games do you think we will beat #OrlandoMagic cuz i still believe we have got this one....
RT : Who’s your favorite WordPress web host? --> , but obviously we are a bit bias :-)
Oops, should have been: Grant, you are classy and cool!!
I got 2 homes not at the one u thinking about. Broken home Nah. Home I sleep for a hr yes.
Thank you for the RT! I thought it was a great article but a bit tough to complete in 5 days- your thoughts?
I happen to think that the great spirit God mad us all, put us all here for a reason. And all of us have something to do. -BB King
lists are now fixed, thanks for the excellent bug report!
Got to hug all my lovely friends before they walked across the big stage and out into the world!
Grace Michel there are 53 countries in Africa, don't categorize it as the continent of failure.
You bet!
The unprovoked hate for apple in my store right now is driving me insane!
Is it Opening Day yet?? Left field remains intact:)
In the back of a man who tore his world apart.
me I like twitter more. I meet cool people like you more on twitter than Facebook .i am on Facebook at least once a day ...
Pharez Whitted Jazz Sextet - thx to ETA Theater for having us on Sept. 28th Wednesday @ 7pm @ 7558 S South Chicago Ave Chicago, IL - hope2CU
I want some candy. .
Oh hell no. bud stole The Cult. The next person I see drinking one gets hit with it.
RT : Show your school colors to our final artist. Wiz Khalifa.
RT : I see my klout score has slipped from 61.55 to 61.48. Someone needs to give them a long talk about "significant figures".
so happy for you brother. Congratulations!
Be yourself because everyone else is taken.
New collection coming soon in Oct--stay tuned!
yes (: #middleschoolmemories are the best haha (: so much dramma but never really apart of it this year(:
Happy early birthday !!
Ur welcome hey do u know who's # this is (407) 404-4121
RT if you want to come to your hometown.(:
It's just so damaging for investigative journalism when reporters are caught lying. It's not about Apple anymore, but all about Daisey.
I'm doing well, thanks for asking; how are you, and did you have a nice Easter?
since your from chicago, cubs or sox? :)
A big thank you to Sen.Steans from GROW47 and the 47th ward for allocating $200k in state capital towards McPherson Elementary!
got any killer bro?
Rollerjam got cancelled because of the damage from Hurricane Irene. && they will have the rescheduled date up by 5.
I failed #math because for every answer I just wrote " #CNN = #Politics "
Crawling to Kate's house!
you're welcome :) lol tht featured my friend
Great day working on time for guitars and vocals! www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
Why are non-english speakers always talking about cleaning products? They ask, "spic-y span-y?" I'm like,"No I don't have any spic n span."
Who knew? RT #DisneyFact The Aristocats was inspired by a true story of a Parisian family of cats c. 1910 that inherited a fabulous fortune.
Never fails: As soon as I turn on the music and dive into a task, I get interrupted with questions. It's a wonder I get anything done ever.
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter
Bout to drive home ! 1 hour ride !
the fact that you can rap Nicki minaj makes me love you even more :)
It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver. -Mahatma Gandhi
Great day to shop for floors!!! :)
What best and worst traits did you get from your mother? Despite my vow to be different, I see her in the mirror each morning.How about you?
Great lunch Thanks!
Can we please put KG back in now???? Damn it!
Thank you to all of the new followers pushing their web sites, but if I wanted to get laid I would wink at my wife. You are now blocked!!
There, I'm following you now :)
thanks tony.
MN senate is under call. Vikings debate should begin very soon.
Went for a run that turned into a brisk walk at one point.
They say time is the fire in which we burn. - Dr. Tolian Soran, Star Trek: Generations
" Post-Cobain is a genre? #ThereIsAGod" the deli la thinks so..i just like to tell people it's dirty rock
Youtube Farm to Fridge - The Truth Behind Meat Production. I just did ...and oh my lanta. #cannotbelieveit =/
If someone puts me on hold for more than 5 minutes, I usually just hang up, lol.
Good morning Saturday. we have lots to accomplish you and I.
Because early is always better. RT : I'm at work at 6:30am... I don't have to be here until 7am... Why am I here?
I'm with you, I go in cycles and I've been off weed for like 6 months. Just not the thing right now, got to do your own thing
+1 that; also we need to have the very important discussion of who will be the #bizasusual mayor for craft beer?
i just went for a run. it's 65 degrees, holloween decorations are out, and i could smell roasted marshmallows....fall's here (:
John Stanley narrates much of his bio-doc I WAS A TV HORROR HOST from inside the Castro Theater. It should be used as a location more often.
SHOT OUT to my FOLLOWERS who FOLLOW BACK
I think the 16 gb is more than enough!
will let Adam Smith's invisible hand molest your children.
follow please?????
how's everyone? it's not like you guys are actually gonna reply..
"imma make you shine bright like you Layin in the snow...brrr" THATS SO HOTT JUSTIN!!;)
": When youre great you're either going to be loved or hated nothing in betweenhe makes hiself hated,He needs to humble himself
Autumns spending the night . :)
5/14 - For the 8:05 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Ray Ellin
~ of course who can top that!
Since a Very Potter Musical has been invented Someone should make a Very Drarry Musical that would please me greatly.
great job on the #sobewff video!
Gotta make sure he doesn't get too big for his britches
i like the way i spelled his name :/
RT “: Did FSSW just miss the first pitch again?” >>> amazing. They did it again!!>>who is running that thing??
Making money is easy, just create massive value for others lives.
LOL - True. But we can identify when its done incorrectly...
one week from tomorrow i'll be swimming with dolphins #cantwait !!!!
It's fuck with they only talk about u. And old shit I'm on new shit
hahah yeps :D and sure. ill txt you when she's home :)
okay :D
Utterly telling that the main industry pushing for the Pirate Bay ban in the UK is the British Phonographic Industry.
no I'm getting it. Or you can just buy me one
did u get my tweets about my Movie 2 STAR
LVHCG has 2 NEW products and 1 of them puts us FIRST on the market! Come to see us at Casshman Field Sat & Sun www.facebook.com/LVHCG
AND I JUST MISSED MY 3,000TH TWEET! :'( oh well, by the time i'm at 4,000 i'll throw a party at my new place :)
Re-watching The Wonder Years from the beginning. Still holds up.
love when he goes "tomorrow is void rays and void rays comes afterwards" for some reason. mass vr is def annoying in a game.
fox football guys live now - stream at www.foxsportsradio.com
Good morning! I woke up craving chocolate...does that ever happen to you? #SUBWAY cookies & coffee for me this morning. Breakfast of champs!
my kid just got called to do a tryout/camp for a jrs team in Edmonton
thank you for the music monday!!
RT : Come on. This is a professional comedy writer. RT : Working on a new anti aging drink called I complete you
WordPress, is that even a question? :p
Thanks for the re tweet! I think this is the basis to have Zimmerman arrested plus he ignored the ROE of Neighborhood Watch
Great Workshop tonight at Coach Mike's! Thank you
cheers mate--
we wish you would have been there too! Maybe next year.....
hahaha a real southern gentlemen
How in the world are Hall & Oates and KISS not in the Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame?
The hashtag is #c21nonhuman. See you soon!
In the midst of WiMAX Forum Pavilion planning for ITU Telecom World 2009 - lots of details to iron out!
Sometimes you gotta live mas
Play mini-golf! Have some fun & take your date to the local mini-golf course. Maybe even get an ice cream afterward.
Happy Birthday to Harper Lee, author of To Kill a Mockingbird. A truly great American novel. Remember how this book made you feel?
Tigers survived the roll of the tide!
but then you aren't I'm the casino, gaming...
Thanks for the RT!
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "The POWER of LIFE & DEATH is in the TONGUE." ~ Proverbs 18: 21
Every once in awhile something happens that makes me think that everything happens for a reason. Had a bad health scare today. I love ya'll.
#schoolsoutRT My sorors and I are gonna be at #TheVenue tonight for the party!!!! #SchoolsOut come rock with us!
Dear Subaru, Please never stop making commercials involving dogs doing people things. Gets me every time!
CARTEL LA FAMILIA, BE CAREFUL WHAT SIDE U CHOOSE...
Thanks for the shout out!
That means Thursday is double-charge-my-checking-account day. Can't wait to talk to another overseas rep!
RT : What happens to books of non-complying classes? "Books Are Stored While Tucson's Mexican-American Studies Is...
Well I'm 5'5 so nothing shorter than that haha
Nope. Already sold
Added incentive to watch Timbers In 30: we're giving away a pair of game tickets. Timbers In 30, Sunday at 6pm on KPTV Ch12.
Omg is it Sept yet needs to be back!!
I am very grateful to have had be a part of my crew for the past 10 months! He's a great talent and will be missed!!
“: I just wanna go to kennywood” agree
lol this is a funny joke
Off to bed...Goodnight Facebook world c'ya in the A.M. :-) Z...
whaddup fellow geek!! Love it!
I was made aware the OldOnes are planning on sacrificing MLIS virgins in #ala10 to keep their jobs. Like I said, just a rumor.
Just made a realization. I write email faster on my iPhone than my laptop.
I also get to write about Mad Men and Nazi interrogators, so tonight rules.
I just want today to be over with already.... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
saw you taking a big pull on St. Vrain rd on last lap. Good on ya Dirk.
Thanks, Julia! Glad to help out #DIC. :)
HELLO! WE LOVE ART!
In-laws gave me a movie-theater giftcard for my bday... Avengers in Imax, 3-D, or 2-D? Too many choices...
so glad tomorrow is friday cant wait for this horrible week to be over with!
HEY GUY FOLLOW (: Her tweets are awesome
Yes and so appreciated Leslie! RT : Hi Wayne, VERTICAL has promoted #TheChihulyCollection 4 ages.
Well it'll be quite the walk! I'll look like a caveman once I get there!
A civil war veteran finally has a tombstone to mark his Ohio grave, 87 years after his death.
way too addicted to Dateline and Keith Morrison
Happy Nurses Week!!! Are you looking to be one of the nurses celebrated this week in the future? Call us at (888) 682-2761
i wish i could have see route 66.
Petitioners to reverse 's ban on medical mj dispensaries collects 1400 signatures, raises $15k first month.
i wass :p and i still will !
Hi Zaud, have you checked out the iPad app yet? Updated version coming soon.
RT : "I encourage you get behind & together we will retake this nation!" -Rafael Cruz
Economic freedom is essential to achieving political freedom,
for sure. Did it again for Rosicky's goal, but even the dense Robson noticed on FSC
A Skylit Drive, good emo music
you stole my tweet bishh
Of course, big lips need a big schtick ;) RT : Revlon Chubby Stick? WTH? Because size matters for lipstick?
Hi Dan!!! I know it's early, but this series for the at will tell you if the contend all summer or not.
think it's now set up, look forward to it. Martin
looks awesome :)
Why is life a story, when it just don't end happy?
I can be your Motivation (:
Making chocolate caramel mousse!
I have blueberry pancakes. not to make it worse or anything.. lol :)
sure or protect your account so you have to approve new follows
Marty B broke his collarbone, out indefinitely:( poor marty!
11 a.m.? What happened at this time?
forgot to turn on my call agent this morning. Been on the sticks for 1.5 hrs already
Just got a call from an account that "Needs" 6 umbrellas. Problem is, they don't even have a patio.
I voted for you, and I also told my friends to vote for you! Will you please please please please follow me ? <U+E32D><U+E32C><U+E022><U+E32B><U+E328><U+E32A> please..
(We're in Fredonia, BTW, getting ready to play some and on Friday night, then to Toronto for some )
Pixability Co-Authors Definitive Book on Video Marketing - Retail Digital (press release)
Don't forget to come to the Winter Market at #Carmel City Center today from 9 am to noon. Lots of Farm goodies to enjoy!
oh really..... Maybe its just how I read it lmao
Last chance US satty for Aruba this Sunday at 3pm at Isle Pompano, $520 entry, 1 in 9 $4500 prize packs. $60 super says all week.
Happy Birthday <3 :D
"Former GOP Senator: Reagan Wouldn’t Identify With Today’s GOP" huffpost Let's see: Commie hunters, anti-gay, huge deficit --no, he would!!
I returned my 2010 Census Form. Did you? Today is the last day to mail it in!
so how many fans are you losing due to your endorsement of Santorum? By the way, there is no god. And your new album blows.
hah Ight we might see you there we did chest yesterday!
.'s Confessions of the World's Worst Missionary ( ) on Twitter. Follow as they prep 4
Out Of School (: Yess ! It's Kinda Sad To Think I'm In The Only District That Had School Today <3 (:
Long morning sessions with violin teacher are very stressful!
Thanks mb...miss you too
I am at the lighting part, wtf this is impossible.
Easily the most crazy and exciting in the last 30 years!!
I think is writing about this topic! You should talk to her more. But IMO, rational me accepts that for 1/2
no problem aha .
last night...new favorite spot for a drink in the Ukrainian Village!
#edchat innovation occurs at tables of collaboration versus rows of isolation
Cotler: While world preoccupied with Syria and Iran nuke threat, widespread repression of Iranian ppl flying under radar
Can't pay the rent on "free" games. :]
Looking for an #expat #career in
Oh look, a PR guy is creating an award to give to himself.
with ! We will def be back soon with our third musketeer :)
"Not all those who wander are lost.” - J.R.R. Tolkein
look look look look look look look look look look look look look look
twitter just does not want me to hit 600 followers.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.-Oscar Wilde
Has anyone else notice everything is better than ever?
um ive never gone on anon on tumblr cuz bitch im str8 up ;p
if you can't name a single fighter on #ufctrainer, please don't buy it.
you're beautiful in every single way. Luck him who deserves you :)
Kobe giving Justin Timberlake some love!!! Love it
Knitters & crocheters take note: they use lots of cool knitted stuff in Once Upon A Time.
W/all the attention for Strasburg, should I be painting the National's park? Is anyone interested in that park? (I think it's pretty new..)
It would be cool if , , and performed at Just sayin'.
My most mediocre, maybe?
aww. Take care and feel better soon
Sold out. Thanks for a great week SF!
"People don't buy what you do, they buy why you do it." Great point by of on building brand advocates
me too. Its one of the most versatile blu ray players.
Concerned about Tony Iommi. Hope he beats this.
don't worry, I will ask again when zona isn't listening
Wifi on my post-#sxsw flight is struggling. Are you streaming cat videos again? cc:
hey i'm just a kid who likes your music and it would mean a lot to me if you followed me thanks
will follow bak if u follow her
45 hard cardio, abs & planks thanks Shaun for the fitness inspiration u rock & Happy bday!!
So much TV to watch tonight - Its very hard to avoid all #thebachelor talk today!
Managing the unexpected.
... Why is his shirt off?
I'm volunteer staff coordinating the artist partnership program.... it's newish, ramped up after the new year
when i switch lanes
You betcha we did! RT : the picture you sent me just made me die. also just followed me.. ayyy
....shouts 2 u handsome
didn't she name da rabbit after u? Haha
There's 3 of us standing in a row playing #FruitNinja on our fones :P
“ LIFESIZE MIRROR 8wks on BillBoard Jazz Charts
i followed :)
yes, many of the convos on cmgr tend to focus on B2B or are for big corps so I appreciate hearing more B2C & smaller brands
RT : is doing a great job announcing the DHF scholarship winners at the EdTechLink fundraiser!
THX for all your support of EcoClean! We appreciate!
So nice to be included in Dating, Relationships, Married Life! Thanks so much!
Hey cool person! Whats up?
Scratch that... It's Dianna DePinto, lol!! Dumb. I am dumb. Haha!
Playing at AJs in #Destin tonight with ! Fireworks at midnight over the Harbor
already here!
I don't really like this song. Just the main verse. The corus is annoying lol
Dare I say you're actually the cleanest person at a job for once? Lmao
I saw it. :) It's not the same.
Her jacket...<3
tho julie walters kicked ass as usual. shes so adorable
Oh nice have you shopped at our store before?
goodnight then I got the message loud & clear!
true....all right, I'll share. Lol
I would really like to spend 24-48 hours with Do you want to hire me during the first round?
Holy crap! Totally nightmare inducing and years of therapy for the child that gets that "gift".
Walter Harris Group at Mumbai (2/24)
What? No pics???
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.21
Awesome way to show greater community what your librarians can do! [taking notes] Love the way it's set up on the page, too.
I'm really liking the beats in Acrobatics of a Patchwork Heart!
Not looking good RT ": Rainy Day. Wonder if softball game will be canceled. "
Yes - both the advocacy and media coalition. This is a topic all have reported/editorialized on for years tho.
The anticipation!
smells like pizza.
I'm running out of ideas... Can anyone suggest a new book for me to read? The genre has to be Sci-Fi/Fantasy!
my mom did not control her diabetes. Good for your mil. :-)
We all fuck up sometimes.
With so many upsets how many #Sweet16 teams did you pick correctly?
Jay Schensul and Diane Austin :D
Praise Break!!!!!
Garcia out already. Another rough night for the BP.
It's the weekend, time to get bred.
Huddles (the mobile app) are text-based, not video.
Lookin good in this month's See you at in a few weeks.
Woah.. It"s stormy in the Rain Forest Cafe...lol!
that sounds fun!
I'm wearing my seersucker today!!!
lastly, Clinton's goal for USAID (from article): "My goal is: We’re there first, and we’re there smarter, and we get there and do the job."
I hate that study. They didn't test men's reactions when the woman was lesbian / married / etc
blah I hate work
Excited to see that Nothing Bundt Cakes just opened in Mission Valley. Yum!
#T101MediaLife is the coolest class ever
Fabulous Friday! Buy something special for yourself...maybe some 67 shoes :)
the final whispering was moving, nonetheless
me too... me too intek. yakoke. chi pisa lachike. by the way, your writing, so good... hope you tweeted it too...
gold nail polish, a weird skinny headband, makeup brush cleaner (??), some face cleanser, a perfume sample, an xoxo notecard
Its 3 am. And I'm exhausted. yet the computer calls. I hate technology
Recent Followers, thank you!
Peabody friends--what professors or classes are using Twitter? I just heard of a very clever use of Twitter for #teachereducation. /db
Thanks for the follow Mark. Great mix of biz and community interests in your posts. PS. I'm a glass half full guy too.
A- Adorkable R- Rejoiced I- Incredible A- Amazing N- Nice A- AllThis<U+E22E> Lol:)
I swear , any girl that gets to date him will be one lucky betchhh..
thanks for the RT. It makes a day look really small compared against the year.
Hi PFMC, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Evenings after being on the water all afternoon are so awesome.
Just imagine how their meetings must have gone. "I think we should have them be sewn ass to mouth...3 was good, but let's try 12"
thank you!!
I'm not as bad as I'm made out to be.
Going to a Spanish speaking barber shop when I speak no Spanish
Anyone playing the new Angry birds 'Space'?
I hate Florida.
nice shot
How's that gameface coming along? I am abt to begin calling bars to see if I can find a TV on which to watch this epic tilt.
Good luck, hun!<U+2665>
This Sunday it's going down!!!
Happy Hour from 5:30-7:00PM! Also: a lovely albacore with fennel, bunching onions, tonnato, olivada + sieved egg on the dinner menu
Season 5 is the best ever!
Lost one of the best people I've known...and he hadn't even graduated college yet. Rest in peace I'll miss you. :(
I confess-I'm a non closeted prime time hospital drama fan. Started w/St Elsewhere, on to ER, now Greys.
It is what is life goes on :)
": I feel bad for the first guy who farted. He probably thought his asshole was haunted by smelly ghosts."
that's what they were for :P 2 for the drink 2 for the moustache :P xx
do you use these? It seems like people would get really mad
no. That is an album of work by master instrument engraver Jason DuMars..
Happy Friday dingleberries!
Ever feel like your body and mind are telling you that you need more in your life than what you are currently given? I need adventure, now.
gays and whimps use machines! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BA>
It is nobler to declare oneself wrong than to insist on being right - especially when one is right. ~ Nietzsche
Loving this November weather!
Happy Easter from all of us
Positive forward quick action crushes fear and doubt. -Zach Marcy
studio session... staying productive is da key to success ... nothing comes easy...
Feels good knowing i dont have to get up for school.
What was it? ...vodka soda w/Lemon instead of lime
winter food cooking - love it. hows that etouffee coming?
If there's a chance your oral history project may be made available to the public, get interviewees to sign consent forms! --Guha Shankar
You are welcome
Got me all out my element dude
And apparently Dot is there waiting for me so she can talk to me about tech
I haven't seen too many people worse than you!
I loved the finale! What was your favorite part about filming it?
Good for you, Doug! I'm looking forward to reading it and seeing you in Cleveland!
Just in. Our team is going to try something new. New team go followers can get discounts on our service. Twitter followers only!
i asked this kid jon who he was because i forgot his name i said " HE YOU BLUE DUCK TAPE HAT WHO ARE YOU ?!?!?!?"
If I ever got famous I would still be a hardcore hooligan!!!! #Hooligan4Life !!
Im really happy with him.
Midtown's National Night Out Against Crime free Festival & Concert, Tues eve Aug 2 Sumpter Park, Roberts St between Eutaw and Bolton
OMG 117 followers!... thts amazing thnk you guys! love you all<3
Well, that makes it better. :)
Holidays can only mean 1 thing for parents: children on vacation from school! How did you encourage your children to learn during holidays?
Awesome site with awesome recipes and a vital of history on Hebrew customs and faith.
All work and know play makes Jack a dull boy :3
when i was 13 i wanted to be a back up dancer..... I was convinced it was gonna happen
we need yue back in our life, come c us, and we can be BAMF
yea she's off the chain?! Crazy biotch!
follow my pepls
I'm home now cutie <3 (;
It is well to give when asked, but it is better to give unasked, through understanding. -Kahlil Gibran
Paralegal Knowledge Institute online seeks instructors for courses. Team teach. Pays teaching stipend.
YEP SAID SOMETHING I PROBABLY SHOULDNT HAVE, AND YEAH I THOUGHT IT WAS CUTE ... CAUSE ITS TRUE LOL
Learn How to Methodically Rewrite Your Articles | Seo Blog
WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO OHIO?!?!?! #OhioMahomies are DYING to meet you!! <3
I could NOT AGREE MORE about let the right one in. a fascinating, unusual movie.
of course you can! And just for the night!
Please follow us for even more reasons to make Globalnet Telecom your first choice, when you next review your business telecoms!
one day I'm going to make another account and just tweet him those things
Hrm. that sounds wildly inaccurate, but I'll take it!
... naturally as a #screenwriter I have my own problems with "a film by" since so few directors write ...
made my civic duty.
on my money route
thanks for the follow. if you are ever in nyc, hit me up
u mad
was he BIG? ( blush )
Bouna Coundoul failed to stop a penalty kick against Real Salt Lake Saturday night.
Forgive....baby girl!
I just got off the phone with Knicks Legend Dick Barnett. I love my job. Let's Go Knicks!!!
You're on.
we won't be in til late tomorrow night, so unfort not...well be on the floor all three days though...
#FF Thanks for following! You're the cat's meow!
u didn't bring the unigrowler?
I down my shots, I gulp my beers. Til every drop disappears.
RT : Today is National Beer Day! On April 7th, 1933, after 14 years of sobriety we were allowed to drink beer again!
t-minus 45 minutes til Eric Litwin is at Andersons... are you going ??
RIP Don cornelius
Gunna take a nap before I go to work :/
ur cute:D
Have to give a speech tonight. Have to look good.
Oh my oh my.
Hey there! U may not remember me, but u graciously performed 4 Ruther.CO.Sheriff 9/11 event. I'm a coordinator. THANK U AGAIN!
hey lady! are you walking with us next week? doing the schedule. no worries if not - you have lots on your plate right now.
your welcome!!(:
I have to say as im writing my novel and rereading it its unlike anything I have ever read I cant wait to share it with everyone
Dumbledore wouldn't let this happen.
Thank you!! for having us and to all who came out to support
I want to see my reall grandma before she dies and I have uncles that I don't no and cousins I dont no my dad has her number he saw her when
Official launch of www.datingchicagoland.com is August 9th--10 DAYS! Reason #10 to join-Communication with members immediately upon sign-up!
": We all make mistakes, but they don't define you. What defines you is learning from the mistakes you make."
#52CardPickup THE LAST 10 TIX TO OUR GRAND OPENING are being GIVEN AWAY NOW! Come from 5-7pm to the Red Rabbit for your VIP tix.
In honor of Blackout - 2011, I'm going to turn off my computer and hang out by candlelight tonight.
Stressin'. Mostly over things that will all work out just fine.
Ok so I need all you people w/ season 2 discs of "Downton Abbey" to send them back to ASAP. There is a very long wait!!
And 88 wants WR pay. Good luck to him. RT : it's been Gronk and Vernon Davis who have taken over the tight end position this year
It's like we have the same brain! My thoughts exactly!
“: Is it bad that I enjoy working on Saturdays??? #TooMuchAmbitionSyndrome” Work it Saturday to own it Monday
REUNION THIS WEEKEND
This day just keeps getting better and better.
Same to you. See ya next Friday.
Restorative yoga and wine.
Put a starter in to close the game, Jesus Christ. Bullpen can't do shit.
online dating is not working for me. Jewish girls not responding or not interested or overwhelmed with choices. What do i do?
awesome - welcome to
So far I'm up 112% this week.
Good call.
Don't dwell on what you don't have or what you need but celebrate what you do have.
My family thinks I need stress pills.. now I cant be bothered to do my revisions. ok.
Everything is so much funnier when you're dying of sleep.
I love
morning still sleepy but skool well kinda miss my frandz from skool and goin to my hometown this week so might not be on-Tamya:P ily
cant wait til my birthday, its going to be fun i aint seen a birthday sinces 09...been locked up :(
Fort Atkinson strikes for three in the first and three in the third and leads 6-0 in the bottom if the third
no I had the kids. The ex kinda dropped them on me
Give DC voting rights and statehood!
Oh man, really?? That's awesome. :D I haven't been since 2009, was just looking at the pictures recently!
back from Dream Country travels, : "Worry you none! I is not skittle-addling away forever moreover! I is only getting lost."
Yes, I subliminally forced you to exclude it. You're completely under my control.
Time for my hard work and years of mixing to pay off. Sending my media kit out to the record lable execs.
Saw someone #rollerblading today. I had no idea people still did that.
#WhenItComes2Twitter im a little to addicted
Chip craving? Kick it to the curb w/ air-popped popcorn- 100 cal/3 cups! Don't you feel better?
If you like a packed bar with European women. Come to Moct now!!
No more mr nice guy
It sounds like my neighbors are cooking in my walls.
RT : #LastThursday on! 7pm Hat Slam in lot across street from RR, then performance from Night Flight Aerial on suspended wire!
Blue is out in my arms!! Your boy is about to benne out too!
you going to the meeting today:)
Don't think I want anything in return # JUSTSAYING
#ICantStandPeople who lie all the time to make themselves look like hot shit
my stipulation is that they write the song about me haha
cbs radio app
I think Kobe believes his bench looks like nothing but full of Kobes, which is why he thinks he'll win.
Children are... by nature... hackers. (Seko)
Put in my first job application today!!
Playing records tonight with Dixie & Sean! Also will be there to serve up ding dong sauce!
it made me sad.
the only way you can annoy us is if you don't win!!!!!
Tell me why SEC coaches need to be escorted after football games by law enforcement personnel. What's up with that????
ILSCRule 214 calls for producing printed documents; the Rule is outdated.
Today's shooting schedule: Living room, backyard, toilet, living room
Reading a textbook.... the fun friday night of a #libraryschool student.
The chick next to me on has watched Downtown Abbey and now Swamp People, all downloaded from iTunes. Huh?!?!
I can't remember which of my eccentricities are real, and which ones I keep up just because my friends find them so damn amusing.
signals issue are tricky. it works and then all of a sudden just start showing signs of problem. we'll get this fix for you
jeremy evans
bad news is that my daughter is moving out of Texas...good news is she's moving to SC, very close to my son. always a silver lining!
The #Brewers recently signed two OFs yet they claim they know nothing about Braun's status. I'm calling their bluff.
It was good chillin with the homie after like 2 years. Turn up. Haha
This phone meeting has only been going on for 10 minutes and I already want to put my head through the wall.
BIG post coming later today!! {HOT spring beauty trends!!}
Q10 Fad I wish would return? Key parties. ;-)
can you text me?? (:
so 7s response times aren't acceptable right?
Now that was a hockey game.
Hulu is pushing a show hosted by Guy Fieri that appears to be Double Dare for adults. Oh my.
Good morning tweeps :)
Christmas Carol with Nothing like Christmas play to get you excited for Christmas!
Oh lord I'm going to be on the Facebook page in a video wishing my mom a happy mothers day.
Seriously , you make no damn sense!
leave my man alone #Suspect , Is not texting you! What do you want!!! Hehehehe
#100grand I'd move out of Wisconsin right after Scott Walker wins recall election. I am embarrased to be a resident here.
snag a bagel!
you and me both brother. Keep it real tomorrow.
“:Tonight's Featured Brewer is Church Brew Works.We will be sampling Church Beer & have the Brewer from Church from 8-10.”
"I have some serious lady wood here" haha
I don't know what I can do for you yet...
JUDGMENT AT NUREMBERG -- SATURDAY SHOW SOLD OUT. ONLY 5 performances left!
Cynthia Gordy of joins for the journalist panel on #WashingtonWatch Sunday at 11 am ET/PT
Possibly another sold out night at victor! The Ed hardy intimates setting the runway in 2 hours
Love is the key! RT: An open heart opens doors. ~
Awesome! What do you want it to say? I'll create a listing for you and send it your way!
If there was a Doctor Proctor, what kind of doctor do you think he'd be? A proctologist? No, actually, he's a dentist.
<racecar revving> <guitars blaring>
I actually copyedit for them, so I was reading your article pre-publishing. Good work! And small world!
Excellent, thanks!
Some people remind me of for some reason:)
The business standard mileage rate for 2012 is 55.5 cents per mile and the medical and moving rate is 23 cents per mile
"veterans are not a charity, they are an investment. We need to continue I invest."
Praise Jesus!! Illuminti.
Went for a morning run on the beach, got my new license, and went thrift shopping. All before 1pm...great start to the day :)
you can purchase them through me and I will add you to the guest list :)
It's 111 degrees in LA. Maybe we'll just stay here... :)
Ah, I love you. <3
yes. Minus the tree delivery. (it was too heavy for Tree Baltimore to deliver). Oh well. Onward with the shrubs.
soo i think ferret makes you high..lol, wut?
- Tell fans if they 'Like' the Bartab Chicago FB Page they'll be entered to win 2 Courtside Seats to Bulls vs. Heat game on 3/14!
Congrats ! This #autism mom was deeply touched. Like , I'd like to hand out pamphlets!
Can you say SPEEDO? (JK, threw up in my own mouth as I wrote that)
Who's that? A black guyy, :)
If it results in that man losing to someone who does not stand for those principles it can & it is.
Wanted to invite you to a party Friday night. Please DM me a good email address.
that photo makes me want to make a tiny surf terrarium! Good to see you. Come north again soon!
LISTEN TO US ON THE RICKEY SMILEY MORNING SHOW
Not going to bed yet :) Gonna tweet a bit more
Must be the defensive linemen that are about to lose their jobs. lol
just brought Helen Burnhard donuts into the newsroom. Entire staff descended upon her like she was a life raft. Maple bar 4 me
Julie Bronson faces up to 10 years in prison, or probation, for running over 18-month-old Ava Lopez, her mother and her sister in April '09.
Family of SDSU student Barzeen Barzanji reflect on his life and their loss and share what they believe took his life. News8
Mystical snapped on his new song Original
I will DM you my info.
High levels of fat in the blood have a strong correlation with high blood pressure, so select foods that have 5 grams of fat or less to eat.
I'd kill for anyone on my team. I love you guys and I'm gonna miss you seniors.
Watching Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. #BeastieBoys, Guns and Roses... Music of my youth. #80s rock rules!
Mucho gracious for the RT & mentions
Sometimes there's just nothing new to Tweet about... *sigh*
RT :reports from all over tehran of shouts of Allah Akbar. Other cities joining in
awesome product...this'll be a lot of fun!!!
God Jul, man! I hope you and your family are having a wonderful day. Looking forward to paths crossing again someday. Cheers!
Discovery- Digitizing Audio. Invention - MP3 Player. Innovation - itunes/iPod.
You can check in with them this Wednesday -- if not in you can reserve a copy for when it is.
Omg Tbffl. Im right here, and ive missed you! ):
sweet! No pref. Although, I discovered Under Armour makes Tottenham's gear so, I may let the Baltimore connection rule.
Aw, thank you. Hopefully the stressy bit will be ending soonish. :D
Why was Joe fired but others put on leave? Erickson says because Curley and Schultz haven't had day in court.
So creepy! (But awesome)
its cool cuz my boss who's like 55 yrs old is always on his facebook lmao so i'm good
love that man.
cant wait to get my car!
I don't care what women say!! Not 1 woman cleared snow from my door 1man did. Not 1 woman pushed my stuck car! 2 men did.We need MEN!Always!
iphones are amazing.
:\ Good thinking. Hope your headache fades away forthwith. Maybe think of bright copper kettles & whiskers on kittens :)
I read them, Zach. Don't be so down on yourself.
Time for Bucky to shine in Champaign
Hi. I love you. Okay.
VT did not lose because of the refs, VT lost because of coaching AGAIN
I will miss tweeting you up. When will you be back monday?
Don't know who is? You're stupid and need to go check them out now.
Good luck, Mr. Entrepreneur!
Yeah I'd seen lmao
Wow the song "the trip" was a really good song keep up the great work guys :)
So, everything I read states Lent fasts come to an end today. Previously I waited until Easter... Your thoughts ?
you made my day by retweeting my tweet! :D Thnx! Haha. <3
Great start to the 2012 playoffs by the Bulls. Rose looks very good.
I don't like #oomf no more. Crush over
Wow. That's beautiful.
Must wake up! Z
to think i was worried about SAT...#gotdat1830 ;)
just got back from winchester bay..oh my wicked razors...sick ass sand!! love it!!!
Yes imovie you can use photos and video
and they're definitely not disappointing - dude has skills ;)
me!!! I saw it so many times in NY I got a job ushering the show so I could see it even more!! \m/ \m/
#favmoviequote Everything that was ever said in Mean Girls
71 TIMES AND COUNTING!!!!! I WANNA TALK TO U!!
nighty night. Sleep well. The fun is coming soon. Lol
Knicks have actually played better team ball when amare hasn't played this season
Hot afternoon and a cold bud light..<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
That is insane but impressive.
Amazing. Adele doesn't need lasers, firestorms, exploding bustiers or flying monkeys.
Did you forget to make a left at Albuquerque?
• This should not be gender specific. I don't want to see nasty man toenails either.
Experience Jamaica Campaign Good for Jamaica's Tourism Sector: Speaking at the Launch, Minister McNeill described the Experience Jama...
Juliet was not that great tonight but she was still good
On my way to a citizenship fair at Should be a great day!
funny story about that, actually...
Making progress!
first encountered Judith Butler at thirteen in an online community: very cool!
Here I am writing a report but feeling End-of-Fridayish when my friends invite me to the intriguingly named 'Goosetown Tavern' ... (log out)
lol i dnt no i forgot remba last time we were talkin n i dnt u was a girl i forgot n i said tha same thing i feel gay omg
Fresh #pesto on tap for dinner. Love the #garden in the summer.
It may be raining, but your loyalty cards are still gaining double points from 8-11 TONIGHT!! Git on down here for Cowlapalooza!! Giddy Up!
I'm SO upset I didn't get a senior shirt hahaha
Sorry been away for a while doing MASSIVE business renovations, we WILL be coming out strong VERY soon, please hang in there. Mark & Dom
Purchase a 6 month unlim. group class membership for $250. Reg. $474 Offering yoga, mat pilates, cardio & kickboxing. Good until noon today!
Thanks for the kind words. Feedback always appreciated.
In love with my boyfriend but ilikee my friend <U+2602>
Home sick. still marathoning Supernatural on Netflix
POLAND LOVES KIDRAUHL :)
Mark Sanchez sit down, #TimTebow has
when will my reflection show, who I am inside.
LOL! I wish I was smart enough to make money off my discarded corks! Not me, flattered I came to mind. :-)
Critical Thinking: It's not just for scientists.
Yeah for an hour of sleep, yeah for odd Thomas shooting
so don't get upset you've known her for 18 yrs just tell her she will see it when you get home
GO SPURS GO! <U+2665>
have a wonderful day=] #miss you
I love it! Feed my laziness!! :)
WE HAVE LIL WAYNE'S CLOTHING LINE TRUNK FIT IN STOCK COME GET IT WHILE SUPPLIES LAST!!!!
Congrats man. Welcome to the club.
That's great to hear! We'd love to hear how it goes! How are you using it?
Ok, this is my new favorite word. . . . just sayin :)
Congrats to TW Noll's Kelly Preston (Waunakee HS) on her commitment to the University of Denver!
I is sleepy!
S/O to my team and all members
Spent some of the day with decendents of The Sound of Music family. Wonderful people and very talented. Follow them!
HAPPY FRIDAY! Finish off the work/school week right.
Great Pic I agree.Go Pack Go.
foamposites already sold out?? are you getting more?
nah it's true. Professor says I can take It later though. Thank god for that!
Q3 Unfortunately documenting this type of history is time-sensitive.
if #don draper can maintain a midlevel buzz 24/7 so can I.
Doing last minute laundry and packing before we leave tomorrow.
So I'm still on the plane and we haven't left yet. Something about the fuel gauge being broken.
But it didnt win :( Some people are so lucky
I miss you Tiffy it's a damn shame I haven't seen u since umes. Where they do that at
Thanks for following the event! We'll be live tweeting our panel tomorrow on #blackmusic!
TY for the #FF Love! Have a blast in KY!
thanks. I'm a mochaccino fan myself.
yea I really high on Helu. You'll see once our weekly #DynastyDatabase posts start in June.
Ahaha that's awesome.
I disagree. Him being blk was his saving grace, b/c if he were white he would have been fired and not just suspended.
Volleyball time!
I execute events for liquor comp, I own a catering company, specializing in mobile bar service,we run events at 87 & Collins
I'm free!
Wow had so much drama with these fat girls! Lol my sis n me are now playin just dance like a boss:)<$$ thtz how we roll!!;)
If you demand to see Barack Obama's kindergarten grades, but think Mitt Romney's past if irrelevant, you're probably a Republican.
will do
I hate #SpringBreak Homework! :/....Finishing last minute work.
"I like it, I love it, I want some more of itt..."
Couldn't sleep for nothing... work at 630. School afterward gotta test... omg God be with me...
We would love it if the good things stayed the same and the bad things changed. We can take comfort in the fact that everything changes.
Try the coffee at tropical cafe in echo park.
If this ear is bleeding now, it's really going to be bad when I really start stretching.
Good AC in the apt+ refund check+ernesto's pizza= cool, happy, fat kid.
“ “ If twitter was school, I'd have perfect attendance.””
2 sets of speakers playing iTunes via Airplay pause when I call my mom on Facetime. Apple is all about nuclear family level network effects.
Website is being reconstructed but should be complete by sunday. www.ethnicworldpageant.com
Normal art liberates the emotions. Fine art liberates the spirit. -- S.H. Sharpe
Beyond pumped!!!
I do like me some SASS...
LOL...LOVE YA BACK
M. Starting my own hashtags. Hope I remember them: #ApprovedByDesignCongress and #FollowDesignerADay YEAH!
: oops sorry....accidental tweet :)
Or sexier... #trybeforeknock “: "Carnal Priest" might be one of the scarier pairs of words.”
nothing playing with the baby
All great achievements require time. -Maya Angelou
I should receive the office metal of honor for today & it's not even 9:30 yet. Hell of a day. Any1 with some words of wisdom for a long day.
I crashed out when I got home... I thought I could hang lol
On my ten minute break.
Thanks! You are ever so kind!
Woo! 4 hours of sleep
what you think bout the pacers?
Happy Birthday! (:
An undefined problem has an infinite number of solutions. -R.A. Humphrey
#GoTribe You guys keep me updated on the game, heading back from break right now.
Friday... Only one week until our next show, which is in Athens at Casa with sassafraz!
It costs a lot to sue a magazine, and it's too bad that we don't have a system where the losing team
23 openings available for M&A attorneys of all levels for anyone looking to move laterally in
I got a lot to do today,and my least favorite thing to do is house cleaning.
Can't help but wonder if 2:18 in Lines of Wax by Flux Pavilion is an InfoSoc tribute.
went out on a limb with that prediction. Stick to commentating with ur energy/fun & stop predicting games, u were 0-2 Saturday
how old were u when u started to sing
Scott Pilgrim vs the World was loosely based on the life of Our Hero, fighting off jilted ex-recruits on the way to Madison.
I think we should have four day school weeks more often..
I hate the dentist
np :) if u need me to spread the word to some ppl tweet or DM me:)
i like ur tweets abotu how to treat a gurl cause they r all true!!! <3 lolz (; follow me
I Dont Wanna Sound Like A Broken Record #Can I Get Refill.......
Hawaii Kai. and awesome! another Hawaii ICONiac!!!
Cleveland is bearly holding on, but theres no doubt they will pull it out.
Women sleep on the right side of the bed at night because Even while sleeping they have to be right!
": It's funny how whenever someone needs me, I'm always there for them. But when I need someone, No one is there for me."
I hate Private Twitter accounts and i'm blogging about it. Will be out tomorrow
Having mommy in law and the little ones
Welcome to Twitterdom
Damn that fight was kinda live
": hey Staffy ;) where are you?" Where ever you want me to be beautiful <3
u crazzy anyway u goin to school on monday =p
Hey Thanks and let us know if we can help
Hey Hey! Welcome to Twitter! =)
Girl sitting across from me on the phone sounds like she's talking straight into my headphones... it's actually making my music sound better
i dont watch alotta tv but i listen to hella music.
Join us for our 1st event of the year with from on 9/14 For info, visit www.facebook.com/aafmiami
checking emails and social networks
you don't know anything about me so go ahead and say bullshit like that.
I should probably just go to bed. I was just feeling lonely b/c FB becomes a ghost town after 2:00
Why is my tv always so fucking loud?!?! Am I deaf? Prolls
now accepting gas money donations and iced coffees- im easy to please
Greed, arrogance, aggression, and a demanding, disgruntled and unhappy disposition all arise from a constricted sense of self.
that cool :)
Fill in the blank! Everything I needed to know about #compensation I learned from ____.
I guess not. Panthers scored :(
Thanks, Ms. Lisa!
Banana Boat sunscreen. Good stuff.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. ~ Arthur C. Clarke
I use 4overtrade.com - a great value-priced b2b printing place in Glendale, CA. fast turnaround.
goign to host a french exchange student:)
may i get a CCP code?
my baby sis got her ears pierced. going to be putting before and after pics soon. (:
thank you. i'm doing great. hope you and your fambam are doing fab. have a good night.
Time for bed! We shall continue these shinanigans at a later time...unless I can't fall asleep. lol
good look on the follow... Lorain in tha house
Its like the entire month of April has just been one long day
And... Hamilton is back
Every shooting star reminds me when hollywood lost the brightest.
I have never had the pleasure of meeting a hateful anti-American British socialist until entering a fbook argument with one. It was a hoot.
Happy Friday to you, too, Good Friend! I so appreciate the #FF Love. You're the best :-)
take us with you!
Please don't lose the snark!
Haven't felt this good in years! Road trip on a sunny Fl day! Me and Kaylah just screaming Ramones lyrics & old surf songs. Bo in the back!
Currently our bookclub meetings are happening at ZenCha Tea House on High St. Would you rather meet at a 1.bar? 2.business? 3.home? 4.other?
Crunch time has arrived for nuVibrations. VST Instrument alpha in the crosshairs...
Yep im
Night twitter :)
#thingsicantstand, paying full price for tickets, so here it is DC half off Heart of the King A Tribute to Elvis, go to
ugh rain:/ there's nothing to do on rainy days!
Sly-grin guy in front of me in Panera gave his name as Ricardo Montalban. Cashier asked "How you spell that?"...THE PLANE!!
I guess it's good I tried red hair
IM DOWN
3 more to go! RT : Ok people, my sister is only 6 people away from that 100th follower! Can we get her there?
When this song come on I'm spending money
What to wear what to wear??!!
haha! Oh, get ready.
Can you please follow me #Beliebers always loving you
WHAT DO I DO WITH MY LIFE?
Spotify keeps crashing when I try to play Coldplay. I think that's a message.
your mean:/
Aww Philip! He needs to go through!! I love his voice!!! Im gonna be voting non stop for him!!! #AmericanIdol <3
My point was that focusing on homosexuaity purely as biological implies that if it is/were it a choice it would be a bad one.
your twitter is hacked
For my $18k/year, I intend to learn everything I can from Kinkaid.
thanks! Means a lot coming from you
GOD's got a blessing...with your name on it!!!... Nickelodeon Audition!! ;-) #prayersup...Did the work now time to have faith and fun!!
#ItsCrazyHow time flies by
that's what I thought... Things are good. How about yourself?
the show was amazing my fav parts are when thos kids do the trick(even though i can do those better)
haha :) how is/was your day?
I'll announce who I'm signing with on Thursday
welcome to the Suburbs!
Update on Obamacare… employers are going to be more in control if the Supreme Court rejects the president’s health care plans.......
Kid Ink
Home Run Inn, established in 1947, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu #Chicago History Map!...
Sorry about not being able to update our twitter :/ we'll keep on posting again from now on :D
the only time i can hear the caps supporters, is on a shot or a bad call. i can clearly hear and those #roaddron guys. good work
So proud of the + friends team working on at
Thank you! It's always good to hear from someone who has experience. A tiny bit of blood is fine too, yes? cc:
Finally Tenleytown has AT&T service in the metro.
We're going to start a new contest next week called guess Jack's score!
Chillin in Winston with the fam today.
Dang. Should we have made a badge for Foursquare check-ins? What do you think? Yay? Nay? Don't care?
it was a fun tuesday because from the YCD group was in Cleveland and came for dinner. too fun!
You tell Stephen A. Smith that I said he can laugh all he wants but the Spurs are the better team this year.
taking tons of pictures but not being able to post one
Our kids didn't have any snow days this year; they get out on May 23!
Starting our new Ladies Night.... Tonight!
How Arizona tried to make it illegal to say mean things online
Thanks for the shout out! The Paris concert was spectacular!
is goin to Bed
Awesome!!! Congratulations Paul!!! Not surprised at all.
Haha! It would be better than "hiney." Which has happened.
It's funny how I used to be your world, but now you wont allow me in your life.
At #WCAF in Vegas. Ready to meet and greet some of the Michaels/Artistree vendors!
what can I say :) #rollingout of bed is on my resume. now that i think of it, should have a pajama day in the office!
Looking for film or multimedia projects needing composers.
Steve Jobs, thank you for changing the world.
Twelve years ago today I graduated from Today I celebrate my first Mother's Day. There will be toasting to both.
LOL yeah I understand. You know what's helped me? Dating 20-somethings lol
#ObamaSummerJobs - Hair Grower
Again theology questioned Cain, "Where is your brother Abel?" At which he asserted, "I know not. Am I my brother's keeper?"
: Hank Greenberg, former boss at AIG donated $2,500 to , and Greenberg's son Lawrence Scott, gave another $2,500 in Feb
NACTO is being integrated into existing manuals and a way to implement Complete Streets Act
I feel like there's a weight off my shoulders
wanna! But I'm sleepy. Gonna go home and spend time with God :-)
Less than a month till #cityandcolour <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Someone busier than you is exercising right now.
i love <3
I bet I can throw a rock at you
Ain't even close wit half the nigga's I use to be cool wit, people change. fuck It.
Hey aka #TeamEVilla let's make it a good week! Customer Satisfaction is key!
it' already DONE!!! Limitless possibilities. Show them how it's done. have a great rest of the day.
13 or 14 school days left, then finals week. Have things (roughly/topically) planned out until May 25th.
Made me smile. lol
Getting my recording on with a fresh new act. She sing, write her own songs and she can rap!! This will be an all day affair
CASA LATINO SENDS PRAYERS TO KANDI & FAMILY..WE ARE HOPING YOU CAN GIVE KANDI THE SUPPORT SHE NEEDS NOW. GOD BLESS YOU!
hows it going?
It's just like magic. When you live by yourself, all of your annoying habits are gone.
ok I did hey what's up
I drove tonight. When does THAT happen? And when are you visiting!?
Lunch with my boo, got picked up by my boo
Thank you
7 mins 4pm, so I'm just going to declare it officially HAPPY HOUR!!
i think you guys care more about #JakeFricksTribalAnkleTat than
RT : follow/register with www.phreeps.com to get totally free drinks, food, entertainment, shopping and more
Today is one of the worst in a while but watching Bob Ross has made it better, always does.
Bleacher Report: Dallas Cowboys 2012 Draft: Evaluation and ...
Thanks for the support and retweets ... this is the home strech.
Just because It's legal doesn't make it right.
God morning, New York City! If you had a few hours to play in the city - what would you do?
After a break-up you should try to be friends it feels better
Talking to Dad about the tea business is always inspiring
#thingsIwouldbuyifIhadmoremoney A newspaper subscription. I would like to open the sports section every morning, sip some java, y'know.
What, no laser steaks?
Really enjoys train travel
I thought he called a foul for a push off.
I wish would notice us <3
I want more info!!!!!
JUNE 7TH THE DAY AFTER SCHOOLS OVER FOR MEH. (;
OKC is for real !
what in the world is selfridges??
#killyoself lol RT : I wonder how much $$$$$$ we about to blow on liquor thoooooo smh I got 7 bucks on whatever lmao.
Congrats to as my first Storify subscription and the reason I finally got an account there :P
So I went to Nye's, thinking I'd finally meet , but alas, not meant to be. Unless she'll be at 's BiblioBash?
wtf is pottermore and why is it so popular
thanks guys. Cheers
Ion think I'm gonna make tht game.
if dancing like a fool to yelle is wrong theb I don't want to be right.
hi Linda thx for the follow! Look forward to connecting.
Buy a watch for your Mom today and well give you on for free !! Buy one get one
599 calories above sea level>>>>>
Thanks lovely one... love your pic from that fabulous day at Gallery 788...
I wish i were bestfriends with Phineas & Ferb so i could go to their house everyday & have an amazing life .
PickUpLine: If I gave you a sexy negligee, would there be anything in it for me?
Flowers rock!
SEE YOU AT BAMBOOZLE
was poppin bra
Excuse me but we cannot trust he has been stepping on the Constitution since taking office. That troubles me!
When writing a tweet for Twitter: Proofread 12-15 times. When writing an essay for school: Proofread -2 times.
i like that joint too!
Lisa Pavelka Silver Dog Bone Bezel Setting, Nickel and Lead Free, 1 <U+2033>
I know it will be a great talk. RT : About to speak at San Jose #SMX Maximizing Paid Search Ad Extensions in Grand Salon 3.
hey pll to day is my b-day im going to be 13 and im so happy
Feelin like I need anothA nap
When you just have one of those bad days and you know only going to dance will make it better
She's 20 but acts younger. She's smart, but doesn't know what she's doing. I don't think she'd had sex other than rape
what happened
Pau Gasol looks like Prince playing ball on Dave Chappel;
Thank you for the RTs, and !
Back from Minneapolis!
Beads? RT : What does a girl gotta do for some ice cream?!?
"Americans consume now three times the information they did in 1960" - More information outlets, yes; but more spare time to read as well?
It appears I've been hacked, sorry! My daughter tells me I've been talking about a miraculous weight loss. Too bad it isn't true...
Just remember who was by your side when everyone else left.
A Whole String Of Bad Economic News Today... via
Thank you so much! I owe you. I actually really owe you a lot of things for being such a great friend..Hmm.. ;)
This sucks
Teagan has hickups but, I'm tired
LatinAmericaLoves1Direction :o me too :p Love One direction
is waiting in line for Miranda Lambert tickets #*.!?$ its cold!!
I love eavesdropping on when he's being interviewed by students. It's always interesting.
Thought leaders in #business/#learning/#talent I follow..., , , ,
I always have so much work to do after the kids go to bed. preparing them for bed is half the work.
im proud of some of the females i went ta skoo wit. sum of u others r a dissapointment and shame lol
RT betascape: Betascape is approved by Baltimore City to move forward, let the planning begin! <- We will be there!
frustrated. so damn frustrated.
: on the section symbol macro - did you get the link that sent you?
I would love to use your site today, is it going to be back up and running any time soon?
The NFL network talks too much __> I record the games so I can skip commercials. 60 min play into 180+ is not fun 4 fans!!
thanks! :D
No problem. I understand those long days.
My best friend <3 :')
Taking conspiracy theories... Moss video was mysteriously deleted. Drew re-uploading now. Hang tight.
"So are you in junior high or high school?" <--- a serious question that I was just asked
before you judge someone on what they wear, think, will swag pay the bills?
So what we get drunk, so what we smoke weed. We're just havin fun, we don't care who sees, so what we go out thats how its supposed to be<3
kinda wishing i was a tween today.
"All I’m trying to do is survive and make good out of the dirty, nasty, unbelievable lifestyle that they gave me."
The dogs are out in the back
Ur a bitch...
Ooh and speaking of boobs- suggestions for large/plus-size bathing suit TOPS (and medium bottoms, ha.) ?
Hope to see many of you in Boston this week at the #Shakespeare Assoc of America! Stop by our book booth for special giveaways items!
I'm bummed by the lack of your drill
#4DAYS and counting. #BOYFRIEND WORLDWIDE
2 hours left until we pitch our business! things are looking good, and we have sustainable market verification. HOLLA!
Check out the new song posted on reverb..
thanks for the follow back cutie;) awesome of u?!
I hope so and haha
Going to sleep no texts no calls :/
i want eat n park....
Pumpkin picking and muddy corn mazing in suburban #CLE. Love the season and the easy transition of farm-city-lake. Perfection!
huh, perfect sense.
Taking my wife for a romantic weekend. No phone calls! No e-mails! All right, maybe I'll check e-mail from time-to-time.
yea that was a funny kid! maybe hes and alien from outerspace!!! ;)
Wow! That's really awesome. There are definitely some tools I'd like to borrow.
Love the new office decorations! Where are you guys located?
say good night shawn! ;)
sick life being able to play teh poker but just selling pieces of yourself on 2p2.
I think I had an ephiphany or two! Thanks to all MCNers. Safe journeys home.
When in Madison...
“: Good because I've been going through swag withdrawal.” swag u didn't pickup? Lol
hecks yea mama!!
Who did you get it from?
“: Anybody know some good rap music about some real life shit? Name some!” All of Big Krit's mixtapes.
what did you think of the season finale?
Bad news: my East region is a smoking crater.
fyi... RT : The office formally known as the Office of the Dean of Student Affairs is now the Office of Academic Services
Who did you email? We'll look into it!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers :-) R.I.P. Mom, I love you :-)
In the 4:15 hit I thought I heard you say Oswalt was a lefty. He's righty, but more importantly is he worth what $ he'd be asking?
In the concourse behind the bleachers.
Good to run into you. Sorry about the interruption. Catch up soon.
thank you for all your info and advice!
“: A police officer told me to keep my nose clean-I don’t have a nose so, problem solved.”
I now have remote control a/c in my room. Sleep on.
The DEVIL is busy. A rumor went out via text to all my family that I tried to commit suicide. I live in GA they are in MI. Its sad when ppl+
oh & I'm thinking of Vegas for august but I liked Miami <U+E404>
Yay - we were 's 200th follower!
bitch you ratchet...lmao that was funny though
Happy Birthday . The only difference between you and a brilliant cultural anthropologist is...um...nothing.
are your parents accountants??
I'm looking at your contract now. Nowhere does it say no refund. Also, I was supposed to have a feature from an artist.
She may talk it, but she ain't about that life!
Seeing small good changes within myself & it makes me feel better about myself... i actually have my summer planned out
u would I think that
HP management is smoking dope. Why is Autonomy better than their existing core business? They are beating Dell in the enterprise these days.
IT DOESN'T MATTER WHY YOU'RE STRAIGHT EDGE!
RT A good cold-weather drink at Entwine:Savage Scots (chipotle-infused whiskey, honey syrup, whiskey barrel bitters) Yes please!
no, I got the lg encore but let's just say it's touch screen doesn't respond very well -_____________________-
I met your brother last night,he was convinced I was at your birthday last year
I'm going 2B one well dressed lady today... here we go!
lol but fys is awesome and id still go
I just finished a 4.00 mi run with a time of 37:32 with Nike+ GPS.
enjoy yourself!
girl, I just watched ur Bieber experience & lemme say its BY FAR the best! It was really inspiring & it shows to neversaynever!
So glad I got to spend most of my day with <33
Hello Hello Darling! Mwah*
Putting it in my pants'll get me dates only if it looks like it's in my money clip. What's in there now falls out. Heh heh...
RT : its going down 2mar nite game MIA vs Dallas #freefood and right after the game its a party
Really lookin' forward to church tomorrow. :)
RT : Staying up til lobby call!!! Let's Go!!!!// Mines at 5:45am how about your's?
AMAZING video ! It's good to see Vinny dancing, and you both are so talented.
thanks... that album just kills... it's clear when someone is just on a certain level higher than most.
That's my next step! trying to figure this out!!!
Best wishes on new projects! I love being "retired" to do what I wish; retirement $$ will catch up w. me in a few years.
It's the lyrics of the song I was listening to....lol. Maybe I was thinking of someone too.
Takes an hour for my mom to "check out" 3 stores. Come on I'm starving
you owned it last night. great set! also, you guys/gal couldn't be nicer and more hospitable. thanks 4 having us!
Future overrated
Its Hot As Shit Outside .
3000+ friends on Twitter, that's awesome!!
anyone want a shoutout ? ;D
cut my wrists and black my eyes
Next week's schedule starting to look pretty slim. I got 2 classes finishing on Tuesday.
Never waste your time standing in judgement of others! It is nothing more than a waste of time!
Anyone want to buy a MicroKorg? Minty, with manual, cord, vocoder mic and gig bag. Supercool little synth. Let me know!
Teaching, create, and dance! Today is Friday!!
yes, we are sending a delegation! Never ones to turn down a party...
I read your bio ... but you're on the path! You'll get there :)
you should creep on me! Haha
I finally asked. She said her six year old introduced family to Swamp People, and these shows are far enough from real lawyer life.
what's your favorite photo community? we <3 , but want to find others!
LOL! Awww..thank you so much! I love you! :)
I love them All, but come on, even my dad loves you!!! Lol. He's 79. :) goodnight
Also: 's singing as Lee Marvin on THE SIMPSONS is more tolerable than the real Lee, and wagon-painting is never addressed.
BRICS. Definitely. Even if it's below zero.
it's only 3? :o
Q4 carry a water bottle with u!!
are you lost in the mirror ?
This day is a gift to do with as we please. We can waste it or use it for good. Think of it as exchanging a day of life for it.
Thank You!!!
No problem, great story!
My TL got me scared to go outside. Lol.
Getting lost in Staten Island yeah buddy.
That's right , we're still here. :)
Great now ima be downloading music all instead of accomplishing anything that I have to do <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Happy Opening Day!
what was up with not fouling with seconds to go of the game? They just laid down and took it. What is that?!
Beer and chocolate tasting tmrw and we've still got a few spots left. Call 4698148299 to RSVP!!
Obama tonight will reveal that he personally killed bin Laden - by pushing a bullet slowly into OBL's head using only his manly Obama thumb
broke the record for most popular U.S. destination! Over 50 million visitors believe it's a great summer getaway!
OK whatever u decide! U definitely want 8x10 right? Did u want Kristian to sign it 2 or just Peter?
Can anyone tell me what the streets and parking lots look like around southcenter?
Treat people as u want to be treated, Karma is only a "bitch" if u are!!---- (Taken From, "Beauty, Brains and Beyond" )
I was getting sentimental because I was missing the boys, and then this guy got on the plane balancing two car seats and I was fine. Ah..
Today I got to celebrate exactly 5 yrs with the man I'm marrying in 42 days. we did nothing special, yet he still treats me like a princess.
whoops! i was going to write to you about other paragraph level commenting systems but included you in the wrong tweet.
doing a "mature" monologue only tells auditors that you don't know how to pick age appropriate material. Avoid profanity, keep it simple.
guest DJ's filling in for Laura Steele today Jody Shelley and Jamie Baker of the Sharks!
Trend AUSTIN IS PERFECT :)
Maggie, Mark, Abby, and I are about to shock Cincinnati with our vocal skills. God help everyone within earshot!
Ever realize that when ur already mad,then you sit and think and think u get more and more pissed? Thats me now!
glad to see we made the cut :)
last minute move from CA 30 to Hyland 1000. See you there!
The few, the proud; the coupon clippers
thank god tomorrow is Friday <3
Way too soon - you should know that.
Sancho & Lou aren't as cute when they turn into snarling/growling chihuahuas.
Aw man, now I'm bummed :(
I know I'm super late, but thanks! I actually had a great Saturday!
Have a lovely morning and a loved filled day!
Is the ice rink open today?
gotta song for you whens the next time you can get in the yo?
Disclaimer: the fantasy / reality breakdown of my feed is about 50/50.
GoodNight Twitter :)
Or better - 'the suspect was described as an hispanic man in jeans and white t-shirt'. OK, that narrows it down. Useless.
Your thoughts are poetry,your actions are revolutionary,and your presence fills me with awe. You are perfect!
I didnt fail. But i do have to reschedule because my fucking break light was out
I feel like I have a sub at least once a day...hm.
well, first tweet me when ever deefizzy has his next live show.
i wish i could go but i live in florida :/
first time on twitter
we're open for the next few hours for last minute wines and spirit purchases for the Purim Holiday ...
Tweet us one thing you'd want to know about how to meet exceptional women near you.
We are all sold out for tonight's Destination Thursday event!! Don't delay for next week's (May 3rd) Palermo, Sicily!!!
Looking for some talented people in a Client Engagement type of role. Part Consulting and Part Sales focused on CRM, eCommerce, collaborat…
I just sold a DVD player, I am so happy~
what time?
hoping the US doesnt follow suit ....
Anytime man! It was a great weekend!
Thanks for following me that means a lot to me as an up coming comedian actor
Definitely am! :)
You BAd Babe !
You could've left me standing there with no1 no1 2 care u promised me u'd b there on time n u did just what u said!!
remember the titans <3
How does incarcerating women affect children and families?
Yum! RT : eating the most delicious ceviche and tomato avocado salad. You are missing out.
TaKiNg My @$$ to SLeeP, its been a looonnggg day..!!
Easter is now on par with Valentines day as far as sales. $16.8 billion. What are you buying?
Good morning everyone!!
Thank you so much for your comment about my book being helpful to you as a classroom teacher. I so appreciate that!
where else would you be hahahah
RT : I'M HERE, BITCHES!!!
Hope so. Def wasnt worth 2011 contract, but he fits well w/ team RT : Thompson's comment in the press release hints at new deal
Signs you're getting a bad haircut 1: you leave with more hair on your face than when you walked in.
'I'm like Norway... Wait or is it Sweden?'
First big "networking" dinner at #sxsw. We have achieved BBQ. Waiting to get into a premiere party. Sleep is irrelevant.
AREN'T OCCUPY FOLKS JUST A WEE EMBARRASSED SHOUTING OUT LUCY PARSONS AFTER NEVER ONCE ADDRESSING SETTLER COLONIALISM?
#holiday1kiss spread some holiday cheer through the streets of LA! Blow a kiss to
Ew. Really, you went there Brain?
Online maps, restauarant guide and new info re: wireless access in CVille now on the preconference website.
ConDems (from those Con states & a minority of Con D's from rural districts from liberal states), but decide, like on Healthcare bill
If only I could be Selena Gomez for one day and have her life,and all of her beauty:))))
Ah! Autumn in Tucson. Our patio is heated and the soups are on. Stop in and try one of our delicious homemade soups!
jojo needs to come out with another song
Enthusiasm is the greatest asset in the world! It beats #money and #power and #influence. It is no more or less than #FAITH in action!
Can barely move at the mall..This place is packed
finally the sounds of snow plows again! Was worried its was time to start biking again!
I beat you in the push-up competition, I beat you in the beer di competition. What else is left?
pretty sexy ;)
I am!!! Can't wait. Did you see them this morning on Fox and friends? I did!! ": Who is ready for d"
Pretty sure that Godaddy uses customer #s instead of aliases as well as ridic passwords to keep customers from stopping renewals on domains.
I discovered today that in the event of an earthquake, I should really be around someone who knows what to do.
I told u Instant Pay was fun. Now its time 4 u n ur friends to get sexy bout it.
Waiting for the bus on 27 & North an old man says to me "white man in the hood, damn that's good." Not sure how to respond I smile and nod.
so freaking ready for this weekend. #bealestreet!!
Mine was bought before the wireless age :-)
Actually, I have a great sense of humor. But some mocking just meant for public perception.
Brad Smith is a class act.
You betta be there Saturday for frost bday RT Lol I'm thinkin it's Saturday
All smiles this morning happy its Thursday.. , one more day! get you tickets already!
say hello to the little tdf drawings that are apparently there (drawn by me!)
I'm falling more and more in love with you everyday! We were meant to be together, I could tell from the beginning. You mean the world to me
sure. What do you do in Kentucky anyway?
Continuing with that thought earlier... The right people that are good influences and are focused on moving forward.
Disappointment = waking up on Saturday, only to realize it's actually Monday.
I had an amazing nap but my head still hurts :(
working..I'm trying to get an apartment..what u on
Ended regular season with a 45-17 record for #Brewers games I attended. Great summer w/ trips to StL, Min, Pit and ChC. Ready for Playoffs!
Okay goodnight! Ah 13 almost 12 days till my Birthday!!!
Jeff Wall?
Creativity and technical proficiency can work very well together. That, is the future.
Im so confused...dnt know what to do
Well, u could always move to Phoenix!
A nice welcome back to twitter with a ToTD from . Thanks.
$2 drinks tonight! Dj Ajax and $2 drinks!!!!
Alison Brie is too damn hot.
Google Doodle Pays Homage to Artist Keith Haring
I don''t think there will be another band that harmonized as good as the Eagles
fucking heard that
It's the last of our #CrafternoonDelight events w/ today! Gonna be a fun day with lots of great people! See you there!
See, in my career usually I wear whatever is loose/comfortable/cool. But now i have forgotten how to dress up.
yes you do need a set top box as well as a 3D ready TV
and you're not dead, so okay.
Road trip with Frank
What is this shit im hearing about jelena breaking up?
Yeah, there's a blizzard warning too. Started at about 7 last night and hasn't stopped... Yay! Lol
Short nap and then back to the airport... Honolulu or BUST!
since when are Truck Driver and Surgery Trauma Physicians the same as art director jobs?
foursquare just gave me extra points for my one year anniversary of informing them of my every move. feels like a really long time ago.
"The newspaper called the Milano Inn a culinary landmark"" - come see why Italian food lovers dine with us. #Indy"
“: Big ups from Nashville killed the stage hip-hop is my <3 n killed it fa the lord >>>thanks fam! :)
i have to ask. what is Namaste
That's it get it in my sister
This snow's not even cold...it's trick snow.
Hahahaha! Mine plays live from Anguilla!! RT : I like buffets. Guess that's different though.
he is fine as hell and smart!!!!!
I want a panda hat ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
#askniall Do you and the boys like cookie cake? If so, I'm bringing some to Detroit tomorrow ;)
**singing**Oh my love, a thousand kisses are never enough.
Ima barbie girl in a barbie world!
Ppl who own tech. Are really comfortable w it. Ppl who don't use it are afraid of it.
I love how you run away after saying "Slut." You're cool. Lol
going to have these last 8 papers done by 2 pm no matter what. this just needs to be finished.
hello!! thank you for following us. check us out at facebook.com/mufasatheband
Did you learn that raptors are impervious to forcefields?
All I want for Christmas plus two months is the new EP by
Thanks for the shoutout, Dan!
Things going so well! We've written 2 songs, finished another, and arranged a fourth. So excited for all the progress!
So mrs. Obama is going to be on iCarly. I don't remember seeing any other 1st ladys anywhere on tv before...
you're awesome (:
No worries. Love the show. You guys do a great job.
They should trade Kolb for picks and sign vince young for peanuts
I see cupcakes in my future... #soyummy RT : We will be at the Shad Fest Saturday at Penn Treaty Park.
Dear Rachel Hubbard, Stop fucking spamming me.
Finally leaving the art studio.
Packer twitter injury curse?
Why did I love her? Because it was her; because it was me. Montaigne
I prefer the view in your apartment(pants) :-p
I forgot why I don't do all nighters.....but now I remember, very clearly.
Giveaways, college football, Rockies, Broncos and all Colorado sports talk! Chime in, AM 1510, 303-297-1510
i have a male friend who is 50 and refuses to swim in ocean because of JAWS movie..OMG.....who traumatized this man? smh...
Darvish 91-95 mph FB, also slider, a couple of different curveballs and a split.
Wow, thanks Fogs! What an honor... I'm verklempt man!
nice myh friend :)
NO ONE MAN SHOULD HAVE ALL THIS POWER!
Omg that video got me mad !!
#nomnom is right! Did you have dinner last night or do you have a reservation for tonight?
At this rate, #Patriots starters will be playing again next week, Detroit is bringing it...
yeaa! Cant wait to meet you!
I'm at ma fischers....close enough lol
Just heard ftom DOT they tell me that it doesn't look debris fell from any of the bridges they inspected.
oh ok thanks anyway
I almost had a mental breakdown...
thanks for the follow. love your company name... classic milwaukee!
Agreed. sales are made best belly-to-belly
in the lab putting in work. Good stuff.
“: Cotto bet not win....if he do, I'm leaving TONIGHT....TONIGHT!!! -_-”twitterlies
I accept that challenge!!
RT Great training and sharing of info with NC Human Trafficking Task Force looking forward to working
Polyphonic Spree tonight at HoB. Its been ages since I've seen Tim & Co. play SD. Best band EVER to come out of Dallas TX.
Know your friends but know your enemies better.
so it seems.
man kod was iRate last year...
"Being gay is natural, hating gays is a lifestyle choice."
I know right now send me some pics from Jades birthday !!
headed to Morton's with tonight, m. steak
Chest- done. Bi's-done.
ya I am
it's such a timeless song it's great
Is anyone going anywhere fun this summer?
Happy Thursday Encore Friends! Have you made plans for this weekend?
the ending was hard for me, too. it was honest realistic.
Dave, Skelly, and Abby are playing happy hour at tonight 5-8!
Today's Deal: $25 for $50 at Harry's Bar and American Grill in LJ! www.dailygroupsavings.com
WHOOP! SO excited for you! I love me some !! :)
I love you!:) HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!:) I know you and I have had our one time, but that's over!! I love you soo much!! <3333
I love when nonintimidating people bitch me out...
M-a dollar sign son! Rt “: They are playing ma$e in Taylor gourmet another reason why this place rules”
MB V.I.P is like $115 so if u didnt pay that...... U AINT GOT VIP TIXS!
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there. We are all blessed to have you around. Have a great day.
#CorpGov General Counsel update: CTS (NASDAQ: CTS) names John Dudek Vice President, General Counsel and Assistant Secretary....
April Calderon gets on my nerves!
we are just awesome like tht
no I fell asleep around 5 and started hitting snooze at 5:30
who Jah bless no man curse...
That line was pretty great. Of course my fave was the Legalos line.
Added more track lighting with some flood lights to the shop to brighten it up more.
Blessed Day To All My Followers. Welcome To To Swag City
It makes me unaccountably happy that Jose Canseco's ghost has it's own twitter account, ESPECIALLY because he's not even dead.
“: Shoot... I've been keeping the wrong persons score all day... #collegegolfproblems” all you girl
watching #neversaynever directors cut RIGHT NOW! omb! its amazing!!!!
Fluery is so solid right now; really seeing the puck well.
i used to think i was a white racist..al sharpton showed me im really a latin american racist
Where we're all these "friends"for Whitney when the media was dragging her thru the mud??? Its shameful?
Strike 4. And only one called a strike. Cashner is too fast.
Social studies test with 114 questions fun right?
Everyone FOLLOW ---> <--- and check out his YouTube!
When looking @ any poll, what doesn't register is the numbers of Americans who do not vote, thus
At least it's Friday!
keep your head up and skills sharp. cross-training will help you have more articulate and meaningful conversations w both sides.
doing a sout out video tweet me if you want a shout out
It was a great night! Thanks to DJ Toad, Jeff Thomas Catering, and Worldwalk Productions
Omg I forgot about that
Ima ask ma mom if will come to my party!! If she says no .. I'm gonna bug her forever! <3
"End of the Road" by Boyz II Men is in my head. Haven't heard it for years.
this nigga funny
Contrary to what you might believe from recent mentions, I am not an Australian pastor speaking at a church in NC this weekend.
Hey Soy un seguidor Yiyo. Soy Dominican y viva en Milwaukee. Esprit sue ten ga tuna excellent temporary rate a?no.
happy easter love <3
Some members of the #Jaguars fan base believe Don Banks is wrong
Omg! Go home already and stop ruining our parks and preventing those who have jobs from putting food on the table.... ~<U+FFFD>shelley<U+FFFD>~
My Mom Is Such A Bitch .
Yeah, us dinosaurs are still around! :-)
kk. I'll tell u monday
RT Stop being afraid that u ain't gon have no friends when actuality, u may end up w/ better ones.
trust no man, fear no bitch.
You want to see the future but you only see the sky :: R Siken
Motivation for studying: 2%. Motivation for eating: 28%. Motivation for Call of Duty: 70%.
Happy Sunday to all, make this day great!!! ;)
I'm pretty sure that's how i got in, knowing real memory management
“Obesity is a condition which proves that the Lord does not help those who help themselves and help themselves and help themselves.”
The BASH is only 5 days away!
This morning was a fun 15-miles on fire roads. Final long run before this weekend's #BTR100K. Tested out Carbo Pro and Salomon Pack.
haha you know it. Good to see you again bro
's #punkd rn is so good.
LOL RT : I've seen better performances on stage at Chuck E. Cheese by those robots.
man I heard Brock quit I'm sure its part of the story line I just forget to watch on mondays
"Tell'em" voice
I love 's songs, specially 'Don't Catch That Plane", they're just life! *-* <3 CHECK HIM OUT!!!!
she got BUSTED
yeah it's hard to find a good one and one where people are professional about it too.. we're doing pop/rock
Hi I might have a movie script for you. Thanks for the follow.
Fallin in love is so hard on the knees
OMG I can't believe Leah cheated on Corey a week before their wedding!! That's SO fucked up!! #teenmom2 think abt the kids!! Geez
No, angry lady on the street, I will not talk to you. It's 1:30 in the morning and there's a 95% chance you want to do me bodily harm
Such a powerful service today. Love my church and love my family.
tryna stay out the way and do what needs to be done . Hbu ?
Some dreams stay dreams, some dreams come true!
but I don't have a saggy pussy
I agree on the Thin Mints. Have you tried Dryers Thin Mint ice cream?
Listening to Country while driving to Evansville >
"Girl let me tell you what i got my mister mister, (girl what?) a baby boy and it came with a sister" lmao love the ratchet girl anthem
MOAR DRINKS, guys! Where do you keep the bourbon? Someone pls find the bourbon.
Wow!! I guess keeps his pimp hand Strong!
Once they see you doing better without them, that’s when they want you_*
you know it's a good day when I actually understand algebra for once lmfao
Doesn't matter...They still can't work out with their new teams during the lockout.
Slightly overweight torch carrier-but he did resist as he passed pork pie shop!success!
#NOSCA opens Fri. w/ keynote from Patricia Martin on truly hearing the voices of #schoolcounselors, essential to students' bright futures.
You guys sound like our kind of crew! Glad to be following you!
She deserves it. she's a little girl who knows nothing. She strings guys along and uses the fact they lover her against them.
Pitt county GOP convention is underway and the room is energized to #takebackNC!
fine, make it the graphic novel section! ;)
Day 2 of awesomeness.
Have a good day, Stu! :)
Todays a 2pac day , which means
“ We have too many AIRPLANE MODE Christians...playing games but unable to answer the calls" - Sean Smith
are you taking senior sem in summer?
. is the best.
He's going. To much going on for him, Good thing I got to see him last night. <3
Authors of excellent memoirs #FF (and check out their books):
Thanks D!
is thinking about her houston peeps and places ...
my sister forgot to log out of facebook haha someones getting hacked by me lol
my girl crush. <3 I'd go lesbian for her. Haha :)
Counting down the days until The Mars Volta's "Noctourniquet" releases!
thx for much-needed laugh RT iPhone, thanks for autocorrecting "beeatch" to "beeeatch." That helps.
"One thing conservatives do that drive independents away: we say things that are not credible" - Ryan Adams, the Leadership Institute
OMG BOSTON BOSTON. IT'S A WET ONE!!!!
The US will have a majority minority society by 2042
reminds me of the Star Trek beings who referred to humans as "ugly bags of mostly water"
just a few days until the premiere of #thehungergames :) anyone else super duper excited?
hello! Who can I get in touch with at your org regarding marketing partnerships? Thanks!
are you still there :o or are you creepin' (; ?
Leaving for the recording studio to lay down a track for a friend. Hopefully I don't make a fool of myself.
thinks people who don't respond to email-not even to say "I don't have time to read this now but I got it and will look later" suck
I'm sure they had someone following him, making sure he didn't do anything dumb.
As a true Kentuckian I highly recommend Double Oaked! Best bourbon ever!
Mothers and newborns also benefit from massage, making mother-child bond stronger
looking forward to host Dionne in Indianapolis.
RT : Hahaha BREWERS!!! great win for that organization and the state of WISCONSIN!!!
Happy the #Bruins won tonight, but Julien has no sense of history. I wouldn't have started Thomas on the 10th anniversary of the Tuuk Rule!
are you and gonna do the job?
can't say nothin back you unfollowed
Whose coming to our January meeting discussing 'Smart Things' by Kuniavsky?
Turning on lots of lights again this afternoon in June. Big thunder above upper W. Burnside
now I'm going to NKU
Green Bay Baby!
Let's go Bucky!
Yeah, I don't get SIP quarantine either...it sits there for 60 secs doing what? Not a virus-scan.
Oh yea and they followback by the way
WHEN ARE YOU PLAYING IN ST. LOUIS?!?!?
Being home means your own shower, good food, bigger bed, and no school. Yuhhh
What was your favorite vacation to date? Mine was Puerto Vallarta!
Midnight Movie- Not completely horrible. made me jump once which is always a good sign. Good old creepy movie theaters.
Simply lovely!!
I must admit, I like some of the cosmetic change -- nice to have TSWL cover displayed! -- but...
Don’t miss tonight’s BBC docu-drama, which offers a devastatingly authentic portrayal of the eruption of Krakatoa in 1883. On MPTV 10 at 9.
Rosemary Fries are amazing ! get yours today before there gone.
Bring on the caps
#Zimbabwe youth describe for the lack of career opportunities available for students in their country
Do you love this shit? Are you high right now?
just signed up for Massive Open Online Class (MOOC) on "Online Learning Today...and Tomorrow". see link in previous post
awesome new profile pic!
get your baby from a shelter Sarah Silverwoman
#notapaidadvertisement LOL Thank you! RT happy birthday! Hope it is as wonderful as you are.
Tht new female host on 106&park has a figure i wanna eat lol
Awwwhh. I hope Feel better soon... Actually i hope you feel better now. (:
The crazu hat lap just started!
the future of the #vikings in MN is in the speaker's hands. I do want it to work out, i'm a fan.
she fuck she suck she swallow man its like a triple double
so good to see you! Next week for Oscar party at Titas!
omg yes!!! Loved it, totally resparked my love for reading!
People need to stop mixing religion with policy. It's driving me crazy. The United States will never truly be the land of the free.
Wanna go to the baseball game with me at 8?
Mom: Why'd you do that to your hair? Me: It's prom, YOLO man! Mom: *Poker face*
I dunno-he hired an interior designer who owned an antique store. If u want 2 eat brkfst off a barn door, he's your guy.
I miss you, the old you. The new you sucks.
that last tweet was an ex pic lmao
scrape scrape scrape scrape spray spray spray spray pull pull pull pull pull scrape scrape scrape scrape spray choose another 90's playlist.
I feel.... kinda sorta really empty.
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
In the little research I did on my iPhone I found feminist Catherine Macaulay or Germaine de Stael.
last starring role! (I had to wiki that shit)
Just imagining what that could mean makes me a little nervous for teacher-you.
#Easter is this Sunday. Chocolate bunny or marshmallow chick?
man I always pass out on the ride home, but nonetheless, one hell of a birthday appreciate every single one of the birthday wishes
Not staying in the house today
Just finished Book 2 of the Sookie Stackhouse Novels! Now on to #ClubDead by #CharlaineHarris,
Floors To Go for all your flooring needs. Carpet - Hardwood - Tile - Laminate and more. 817-909-6832
Love this game.
haha, im not even in town. im in Btown~ and i gotta see this comp lol
The Netflix Roku we got was very easy to setup in wireless mode and is working great
#upabos12 I went to Altec Plastics and got a piece of scrap plastic for the mobile usability test sled I showed during my 1pm talk
Why would I want to lock my Mac?
High five!
ComedyChicago ~ He Gained Nearly 2 Inches
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Choctaw County until 11:45 AM
How Keeps Hanging Up On Me <<<<
Dirty water.
I love how when I post something I think is humorous on facebook, my mother replies with a practical solution to the problem.
As long as we R secure (guns) in defending R property socialism can't survive. Gun cntrl destroys prprty rights and freedom. 1st Amend!
love you beautiful. <3
Just finished 's Rin Tin Tin bio, the first book I've read thanking twitter followers in the acknowledgements. Books these days.
Heat got blowed out.
It would have been super dope to have seen that hologram of Tupac preform at
You are not into the nasty bits,but go to Rome for pizza! If you get taken to dinner don't ask what Quaratella is !
outside of where the ice rink is in the winter, now summer - LSF bar much fun!
Another NO, but still optimistic... Just another NOT YET
Scanner Monitor: I-70 and 6th medical call driver in seizure drove off the ramp. Watch for emergency vehicles.
so why do u need a wife today?
2 days til graduation! time to be a real grown-up
#NOTAEUPHAMISM!! (this time)
“: and my crew!!!” <---Follow these guys! #butItAintFriday... #sowhat followweds
Yoga Sculpt class. All I can say is: WOW.
I am a very lucky man.
Blonde or brunette shit ill take both
#myweakness when guys bite their lips ;)
Hey Atlanta! We want hear your favorite genre of music?
Both the kiddos are sick :( breaks my heart. But were just gonna have a laid back day and watch some movies.
#nowplaying This Is How We Do It, Montell Jordan
that would be the ideal move if you ask me!!!...plus picking up dwight
Please excuse Jimmy for being. It was his father's fault.
Vision is the art of seeing things invisible. - Jonathan Swift
So Dwayne wade n lebrom James are playing ball the weekend I'm going to horror nights
Chilling in my bed, reading, eating cookies.......naked
I do agree that I don't REALLY like any of our choices at eleven. I think anyone is a 'stretch'... Loving the trade <
Curry be getting on my nerves !!! -.-
and take a shawer
Too much air blowing on me
haha I know I was like um I feel like drinking now
And I'm getting hungry. How will I survive?
"I don't like cheese and crackers; it's old-people food ..." (Ivy, 12 yrs).
HR Operations Coordinator – Weehawken - 6 months contract immediate start excellent $ As an HR Operations Coordinator in the …
Man. That was some serious
does make
Three words to live by - It's all good.
Here's Denice who's using Skinny Fiber to improve her beach body, she's already lost 25lbs. in 6 weeks. You too can improve your beach...
Headed to a wedding in Lombard, IL. Thanks to the #dietribes (see you at #usffw) and great community at #dtl2011 . Great experience!
Tweeting, cycling, iPod playing the best Prince playlist ever and it's sunny. Yes!!!
shouldn't you just let them win?
LSHMSFOAIDMT Laughing so hard my sombrero fell off and I dropped my taco. LOL! =)
Past my two finals now,time to go home an study for the one tomorrow
Since when did novice teams not switch sides?
It's hard to believe that girls like you, love guys like me
Great day at training. A lot happier with myself today. Didn't run out of air and got through the last maze easily! Busy in Berwyn on Sat
Why does caramel have to be so irresistibly delicious??
My spanish teacher has a twin brother; im waiting for the day they switch places and we get the other mr. Long.
Down To Earth for his parents, Where Are You Now for Jeremy, Turn To You for Pattie, Believe for Beliebers. Justin is the best son & Idol
RADIO ALERT! Listen to WYKS during the 9am hour today to hear Ken and Drew! Great show! Wish we could get to the Swamp!
I love you
Geez 445am is going to come rarly
archives foundation do you have a hash tag? #narafoundation ?
#ReasonsThatImSingle I'm in love with
Would love to be there for the grand opening. It will be wonderful to have a bookstore in Katonah again!
Thx for the RT's!! Hope y'all have been enjoying your weekend, so far :-)
10: I just followed you back(: And you seem really nice! Tweet me sometime.
Q7 I've got a librarian friend who's getting a second masters in New Media Studies.
great idea! Thanks for the suggestion!
ha ha. I've gotta create a more uplifting playlist! Hm...what should I call it?
RT : And that #Wazzu-UNLV game will be broadcast on ESPN.
As a 38 year old big nyc sports fan, all I have to say is Jets = Mets. Case closed.
seriously guys I can't stress how funny this show is... its on NBC!
It is Dragon!
Soups: tortillini brodo, ravioli florentine , Chicken Pastina, Potato bacon, Tomato basil ravioletti, lentil, Split Pea M
Really awesome stuff. And thanks for the mention!
What shall I do about the little spider busily making a web in my office window? Could keep down the flying insects...
If u want book sample, our podcast sent 2u as MP3 file, or 2 submit hand o day or question o the day, send a note to
Im never on here like that anymore....hm...dont know why though....oh well...
this game doesn't count
misses Bowden but loves Jimbo. We're all striving for a superior football team.
Hell's Kitchen: Life of the Irish tour planned for March 12! Celebrate St. Patty's Day w/ a little history before the parade!
sneaking a cigarette before the 4 pm show - the tourists are snarky today.....
I hate talking on the phone.
I considered it. Mostly out of curiosity of what my jive walk pace is.
Each trophy also has a point value. Most are 100pts. The hard ones are more. Whenever we add trophies, some people get more points
Listening to a lot new albums while at work today (Beach House, Bear In Heaven, Tanlines, School Of Seven Bells, etc).
Cesar Izturis is smooth... It's as if he's auditioning.
As for the best leaders, the people do not notice their existence
#ff We are walking with them to raise funds and awareness!
Seen the video of LeBron James' mother allegedly losing it on a hotel valet. Story coming up on 7News at 5:30.
No more Palin!! Watching Today with Viggle Wed | 7AM | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Day 10...rations low....must play D...must crash boards...must block out...must finish strong....
I am working on a new dating site niche, I will let you know how it plays out.
No meeting for me today. Guess i'll get my workout in early!
“: Cure your cinco de mayo hang over with bottomless brunch! $26.95 AYCD with an entree!”
It's so -ish out today. Whatcha listening to?
Just listen to a Steely Dan track :)
Thanks for following guys ..your work looks great
ur just the ultimate sass aren't you?!
You look gorgeous lady!!
!!!! look feed! it could be over!
“: is she even online? Lol” I don't even know lmao!!(:
melting vats of shortening makes me happy. time for doughnuts!
Just wanting to lay in the rain during the night and stare up at the stars
#SkySAN supports up to 28 x #FCoE ports in a single 3U. Can your storage do that? Learn more here at www.raidundant.com
Happy Birthday !! xoxo
let's plan on monday! what are the details?
We need to harness the power of automated DMs. I think they could light up a Dunkin' Donuts. Or a DD bathroom.
#fridayreads Proust & the Squid - fascinating, about our brains and reading, importance of early language experiences
Nope, asked Uncle John to send me an invite but he never did.
they do that to check ur vision it's part of ur regular check up
I have finally defeated the chapped lip phenomenon of winter
lol Chicago is awesome! !!!!!!
ITS MY HALF BIRTHDAY!!!!
Hmm... Google+ doesn't believe that "Grover" is my real name. This coming from a company named "Google".
Getting a mortgage can be tough these days -- even people with near-perfect credit
TONIGHT! Knesset Member Anastassia Michaeli on my show 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM Listen and spread the word!
I always ASS-ume that office comments r directed at me, so i punch myself & bow my heada in shame :)
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Tuesday 04/24/12 is Ian, Dan and Sally!
Not sure. But my handsome-ass grandfather would want me to join. (Thanks, Pop-Pop.)
Came home to find feathers everywhere in my bedroom, a bird with its neck broken on the floor, and my cats laying around napping.
twitter should add a like button for comments
Around Good music. Good peoples. Loving life
twitter...the only time when following someone is appropriate...unless you're like special ops or something..I'm staying out of that one...
franks & beans...
Sometimes I Gotta Ask Myself,, "..Is It Really Worth It??!
I was trying to but it cropped the hell out of the picture smh I hate that! Lol
Big Bummer! Bank of America, after five months of struggling to close a short sale, has closed the file?!?!? What's up with this?!?
Sounds like there probably isn't a license installed; any type is required for pause cues.
I'll take a G+ invite please. Thanks!
I'm very territorial
Shittt me too! I'm soo bad at keeping up with Gossip Girl nowadays!!
kick off is at 7:30 p.m.!
Thanks for the RT! Should be a great night with the weather and Buckinghams patio being open.
The secret of success in any RELATIONSHIP LIES IN TURNING ONE ALPHABET UPSIDE DOWN ...ME TURNS INTO WE
go play minecraft trader
no problem :)
but im taking a break so love you all <3
About to go on KOGO and the Ladonna Harvey show to talk about our office's filing of public corruption charges in the South Bay.
I feel ya bro Trust me hahaha and Half the time its just the same #Weed...Same Old Shit, Just A Different Name...
Love and electricity are one in the same, my dear. If you do not feel the jolt
Delighted to host via Skype today after students read his novel Pop Apocalypse. Thanks Lee!
Don't slaughter the family horse for food before dismantling the family cart for kindling.
My heart big but it beat quiet
In the session on Twitter
people telling you, you smell good
Congrats Josh & Cesar. The first to try out
Bollywood Flashmob and more at Dance Is The Answer closing party TODAY at Strathmore: www.danceistheanswer.org
Im tired. <U+270C>
The way a LOT of women act NOW is from the actions of men..."so called" men
thanks hope all is well with u!
Melodies and my studio>>
RT : I typed that one handed. The other hand was lifting olives into my mouth.
I have to let the facebook world know how cool it is to finally get a friend request from my father. Love you David Pyatt! Welcome to FB...
Words carry weight...speak love
All Ads Are Free http:TexasUsedauto.com
Wats good twitter get at boy um doing me
Others? RT : Mrs OJ taught play was learning too! MT Lots of inventors mention inspirational teachers.
Question to all my Obama voting friends (read kool aid drinking tree huggers) Is Obama administration at fault for USPS HazMat coverup?
that one :)
Turner field for day 3 of my amazing baseball weekend. A #Brewers win would put the icing on the cake!
I wonder wat dat guyana pussy be like
Hahahaha I don't got any abs
welp, time to sit back and watch the show.
On chips and salsa, Cyclone Anaya's is faring much better. I'm currently trying to set my mouth on fire.
Received some sweet emails from 2 senior scooterists re: latest issue. Butch Viccellio and Lt. Col. Ransom u made my day.
I'll be traveling in Chicago! Could we try Monday afternoon instead?
AP says Adam is clinging to life. Which is it?
He doesn't have a Texas accent yet ... he's still a brit.
ma anche no.
Thumbs up #Madonna, you just shat all over the #blackeyedpeas!! Definitely a stayer in the industry!!
Stay Humble and Hungry!
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuiccccckkkkko I'm so tired why school why
going through the various stages of grieving re: performance, conditions, etc. Think I've settled on PISSED OFF. Rough day. Ugh.
sorry! On broad now!
On some other stuff
Ha or you cud ignore me as you walk by and look straight at me. No kiss no hug no text.
Get Weight Loss Tips and Causes of Weight Gain
Infiniti of Denver Weekend Finance Special! 2.99% up to 72 Months back to 2003 on all used cars.
Clap when you spell a word.
Got damn it heart racing... You know that says something
Not nervous, but anxious...
I vote for Moscow After Hours
My 11:11 wish is to meet one day!! <3 OH and for him to come to Ohio!(:
that's my show..
aggressive joe
yes! Aha
Updating calendar now!
Blake is back on!!
haven't forgot <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Very good call!
we went to Thao last night. It was fun! We wanna throw like a house party before we leave.
A huge thanks to everyone that donated on IndieGoGo!
I agree whole-heartedly. Followed you after the recent recent B&S interview, like your work. Good basketball insight.
is looking for Android Developers for an international company in Silicon Valley.
ugh take me with you I'll pay whatever haha.
Good to luck to the on their multiple games vs the this weekend!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH ! <3 4
What the deuce is this Twitter? So and So and So and so and 49 others have stories for me email? One of these tweets is from May 9th
the word: shemomedjamo. Memory eventually kicked in.
- Great interview on SiriusXM NFL Network this morning!
Celebrate women's history month! Must read #inspiration by
What a find Greg Stiemsma was, great defensive big man
I'm at the carry once again getting food lol.
Really wanting to dress up in my Mr. Rogers sweater and sing Baby, Talk To Me. I miss it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
rock chalk!
sorry kenflo clearly won edgar deserves immediate rematch 4sure it would be an injustice if he doesn't get it!
Why yes. I do want to live. xD SO I shall follow you.
We both hope everyone had a wonderful ThanksGiving!!! xo
Google Voice are out of 212 area code telephone numbers, and we have plenty, get a 212 telephone number for your Google email account.
Looking for movies on netflix.
Has it only been 15? Feels like a lifetime.
Madonna is hilariously terrible. I've always despised her.
I was just asking
WHO ROCKS NATURAL HAIR? WE DO! How about you? Join So Chic Accessories LOVING MY NATURAL SELF Campaign and Post a PIC....
At work...hurtin.
Happy Wednesday! " Don't Stop Believin , hold on to that feeling ...."
I pray for you & your family for strength & much more love 4 your family during this time. May Jehovah always guide you&yours.
A8: The 5 traits all influential people have is #1 Solid reputation.
Our #Wonk Photo Contest starts today! You could win a 16GB iPad 2. Visit www.american.edu/wonk for contest rules.
Absolutely! RT : Ironically ... Connector for the Mac seems a lighter, easier way to deal with Windows Phone than the Zune ...
Good morning boo :)
"SPEAKING VOLUMES": (overheard on Broadway at Prince Street) #JAN2812: "sometimes I'm gay"
congrats, that is always great and exciting news!
Get fired up about it bro, I always enjoy the work week emails about baseball keep em up
"Do one thing everyday that scares you." ~Eleanor Roosevelt
“: #Louisville Taking It Home Sorry #KentuckyFans !” Um, yea, how'd that work out for ya?
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. ~Henry Ford
how do you force yourself not to care?
If 25 people tweet back to me ill have a giveaway on my #youtube tweet baby tweet!! :-)
International cheese Nibs day.
Such a politically correct answer. You're such a pro :)
The elephant in the room is mental health in the VA.
its not happening
U will realize it whn its too late
so true... they become the front like the ho media social ha haha lol... where can ever find an ASIAN blonde chick?
I'm waiting for James Dyson to claim he's reinvented the shop vac by simply selling a black hole generator.
when are you coming back to school??<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Good luck!
I think its hilarious all of the different things has planned for when he wins the
digits#lost contacts
Apocalypse now at the Josephine... So psychedelic.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 29
#vra2012 OMG - Captchas used us to crowd source translations of documents.
thanks! Trying to make it easier to use
Starting April 17th, 2012: " A Toast to Motown" -A Celebration of Soul- every Tuesday nite from 5-10pm...w guest DJs and performers....
Well OK
Happy New Year & Happy Training! RT Happy New Year!
I just brought home the globe you gave Emmet. He LOVES it! Thanks!
RT : Morton: my job is getting people excited about evil.
"it's so wet, warm and smooth just like buuuuuuuuuttttttttttteeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrr"
Birth control lol RT : What do I get a fast 17yr old goin on 18 who's going off to college? Suggestions tweeps?
You can't be against marriage equality for religious beliefs and admit you yourself have not read the Bible. Disappointed, Manny Pacquiao.
but I've never met or seen her so I don't know what she looks likes lol
Winner wins a voucher for 2 kids to enjoy during a or show, or
Indoor farm is alive and well. Cant wait for the first mature heads of baseball size butter head lettuce. Watch our facebook. Two weeks+
change of plans, im dying all my hair black:)
Nuggets all night long. I meant Kobe. Whatever, jerk.
jus ate a fatt ass bowl of frosted flakes #DAYUMM!!
#BestPickUpLines Damn, you got better legs than an isosceles right triangle.
lol what where?
say happy mothers day to your mum for me!!! #HappyMothersDayAngieSimpson :) <3
An old guy rolls down window and asks why I have PBO sticker on car. told him he's my man. Guy says you must have job, alot don't- continued
Just waiting on my chipolte to be here now..
What was that song in the action scene in the #InPlainSight finale?
Congrats on your Baby Girl! A gift from God!
I luv u Google!...I never really liked YouTube, Twitter, Blogger, Rss feeds until I could access everything in all one place. Awesomeness.
That bat did not die a hero.
“: Stress can make you feel like crap. Explains so much. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>”
mucinex its 12 hour got to the drug store
the time has come for my dreams to be heard.
what is it. wont load.
Awww thanks, Tony!
For running on no sleep I'm in a pretty good mood. ^-^
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. -Confucius
I hate that i'm leaving home (NY) when are here
"Uncertainty is the only certainty there is, and knowing how to live with insecurity is the only security" – John Allen Paulos.
If you want to win a pair of Real Estate Tickets at The Neptune on Friday, retweet and you will be entered in tomorrows drawing.
Dr. Maddow got her show from contributing to Olberman, Dr. Harris from Dr. Maddow?..HM!!!
YO....!! DJ KMT Mixing live Friday (tonight) at 10:30 Central Standard Time on triple w madtracks dot com
I also may have Q-fangirled all over her, but she was very sweet about it. O well, it happens.
#SmackDown later lets go
Brohyde Photo shoot Saturday 1pm doin it like we do!!!
So excited to attend the Oscars this Sunday with the fans on the red carpet!
amen sister!
Longer days shorter nights lately.
-- Eh, maybe ... do you need starting pitching that bad?
Welcome to the Trojan Family!
Yes, this is what I do on my birthday.
BEARS NATION!!!
I didn't agree, I said Tebow, he said Brady. Just said that love was gonna die.....you a Tebow lover?
I'm super excited to see ABCD!
it's fine, I'll just be the rebel in this friendship :P haha
Wellcome to twitter, maybe now people will stop asking when you will join.
is this thing working now???
He alright after that closet falling on him or did you have to take him to the hospital?
I am doing great, thank you! You take care!
Off to Day One Pizza soon. Best alternative to Happy Joe's around. Inlaws are in town. Daughter has her first communion tomorrow.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out:First Friday of Lent? Head to the South Shore's Finest Fish Fry 414-762-8866 11a-8p
Up at 5:30 AM making gingerbread catfish.
the initial one would be $30 (design setup, etc) - email me the logo at & we can get started!
your such a sweetie :)
i would sit down and have dinner with my family
Let us know! Lets see what we can make happen.
Its 1:00am, I'm awake, and not worried about being tired tomorrow. This is something new.
Indeed! No toughness or DESIRE. Elimination game and Knicks dont show up
U bitches gonna love me in my GUCCI Loafers
I mean, this experience has convinced me of the presence of a malevolent force in the universe. Nothing had before.
I heart analogue parking meters!
Mekhi Phifer, Phylicia Rashad to star in Atlanta production of ‘Guess Who’s Coming to Dinner” - July 10-29.
It really doesn't matter how Iwakuma does, the game was pretty much over when he came in..
had an awesome productive rehearsal last night at Hot Yoga. 5 days in counting till our Woolly premiere! Get excited.
! One more time..! RT : Every relationship has it's ups and downs, but never let the downs push you away from each other
Say something in Mexican! “: good morning!”
#SinceWeBeingHonest ...I lied...
HAHA. Chances are they will do that for you, if I had to guess lol.
Art of beer is only 2.5 hours away. Get your VIP tickets soon
Terminology lesson: A POD of whales, a HERD of cattle, a PRIDE of lions... and a MURDER of children.
In town for the #NRAShow? Take a Segway tour of Chicago & take $10 off with show pass! Call 312 552-5100 for reservations.
Thank you, I really appreciate your support.
Chi-town stand-up
um freddy I have one of you and her and well you are um well umm yea ....hold please
Go Iggie go go go go, let rip :)
Waiting on my tax return so I can cop something from
#whatilove VINTAGE, Pin-up, Marilyn Monroe, and Audrey Hepburn <U+2764>
I want to fucking stab someone. I've been layin here for two sleepless hours.
Have a life out side of work so work doesn't feel like life. Same goes for school; for all of you students
Life Lesson: anytime you learn a lesson what you are really doing is trading your time and energy for knowledge and wisdom..
MADISON. why was 6 afraid of 7? (;
karma's a bitch.
English Class sucks
hmm but I love my HTC EVO .. do u have a waterproof case in it or something
Your profile picture needs no words !! I jus love it
Busy busy busy!!!/:
What has school done to me.
The offense was embarrassing tonight. Its clear that this lineup needs to be shuffled.
Have you talked to your listeners about Obama's stem cell research Executive Order yet?
Have you ever seen a 85-year old man do one arm push-ups?
RT : #shoutout to the hospitality from at the step show right now!
Sometimes you change a little thing, and the acting career see big changes! Diet, or exercise, or slightly different postcards.
offers a Pynchon Inherent Vice-inspired set, the Roseanne Simeone poetry minute and twisted nerves on Radio Freedonia from 2-4 PM @ wtju.net
I just registered for #ISTE12 #SIGMS Forum & Breakfast. So glad I got a space! Breakfast spaces getting low!
thanks so much! We have to plan well as there is so much road construction on the interstates.
over the years... QBs go to Minnesota to die
Oh a little bit of everything. Life good for you?
“: I don't want dick tonight, eat my pussy right”
Does that mean u had respect for it at one point?
How about this snow east tennessee?
#nowPlaying North North - Project Pat
I find myself hardly using and anymore. I mostly use Google and Apple products
Texas Renegade should lose some sleep.
“: Shout out to my man for helping me out today. #rivercitiesfinest”. BEER-LEIVE IT!!!
we do hire webcam models now! and invite you to join us if you want.
lol let her keep bitching.... she probably cries herself to sleep because he's dating you.
DJ Nate will be doin it Live all Day
Well it may not have been in your plans, but we'd like to say Welcome To Milwaukee! Hope to see you again (on purpose) soon. :)
On the other hand, I really was first in. BY THE WAY these run big! I got M assuming it would actually be XS and it is L!
iight is it a cover page and shit?
what you pass on the A's? You passed on Oakland? You will regret this,hat was the offer from
RIP Junior Seau
Why are press checks so fun?
JJBLT with Becky. Obv! Thanks heather :)
U-Swirl of the day: Reeses Peanut Butter Yogurt with chocolate chips, peanuts, and Magic Hard Shell.
LIVE 4 THE MOMENT!")
we love the way you look from across the street... Come to tbar!!!
Can't wait to see what call Scott Foster is gonna blow now that it's the 4th quarter.
I should I dunno where this Foo tryna go!
Conner Smith is a punk.
On my level tho
#oddneighbor went into the woods to pick 'shrooms. I hope she and #oddfriend get all kinds of trippy.
Chik-Fil-A is expanding throughout Missouri, though. It's only a matter of time until they reach Columbia.
I'm looking too:/
disturbing start to the volleyball season-interlopers in my regular seat. Such impertinence will NOT be tolerated!
Best time of my life with my fam and gf in the Dominican. Couldn't have asked for more. Proud of my bro. And glad to be back home.
Happy Easter!
Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong. - Peter T. McIntyre
Each and every very small stage You should know Concerning Tacori Wedding rings
I just weaned my youngest. I had to rock him or offer cow milk. Now he sleeps through night that I've weaned
Never be satisfied, strive for more!
still impossible, and Notes still teases that said private API has always been there. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
"bibliographic rapture" at CDL today!
I want Jerry to enter my chamber of secrets. The code is 'Tom' <<< LMAO THIS
so bored
come over today kinya comin to!
#RT If is your pride <U+2665>
R.I.P Biggie!!
Weaving through tornados on my back from client meetings in Tulsa!
needs to come to any state close to Kentucky. That'd make my life! <>
If you really want to put him down tell jokes about his mother. I kid Mate. Is there going to be a squeal to Master & Command?
AMC's Dir. of Conservation - Heather Clish - is working to create a plan to advance the Bay Circuit Trail - 200 miles of trails near Boston.
Pokatok in Pasadena next Saturday.
Cheryl, thnk you! You made my morning! I haven't been twittering much these days, but I enjoy your tweets, too! #FF You rock!
Because has been empowering women for 125 years now, we want to wish all women - Happy International Women's Day!
I feared that this was bound to happen Sugarland almost died 2 who should they sue The State of Indiana? whynot
Even if we don't get any more rain this month, we'll still end up above average for May!
I couldn't play if I die young <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> I'm sorry <U+2764> x
Pretty sure I have more assignments due than days left in school...
What song is that cable sports network overusing this year? Thank god there isn't an appropriate Flo Rida anthem
4 Feb. I'm done already lol. How is TI life treating you?
ahh I have to help at a recital rehearsal... we def need to go sometime though! I need sun <U+2600>
will do! Thanks!
i want some goddamn food in my goddamn motherfucking belly, for fuck's sake, right the fuck now.
Happy Birthday !!!! Can't wait to toast you with prosecco on tap!
is a great bar in TriBeCa hosting some New York Fashion Week events - definitely worth checking out
Check out that groupon for today
you know it. Proud of you. That's the year the commonwealth was born. Cats.
I can see the worm swimming around in Biden's glass
Hadn't read tons of NSR, but I had a positive enough impression from other pieces to be sad to find out she did this.
That just ruined my night. Thanks for that
sorry aha next time, it was only half a water bottle full
. I'm happy to say that my neighbors from hell have vacated the premises! :D Think I'll be drinking a lot less. #whoknew!
In The Hood, No Shirt On Smoken Purp
GOP/TeaP we do not want to live in the 18th Century. It is the 21st Century. Get real or go away.
Totally agree Joe. Festivals are only as good as what the filmmaker makes of them.
That touchdown just got me in the mood lol
WOW THANKS.
Kudos to and the INNL network in adding 100,000+ ANP photos. Great Creative Commons add, and they look like great shots too!
When did we become this society of "hate each other" or "make the other person feel bad"
Congrats on the excellent presentations today Crisis PR
Nicky how clean is the MOTU HD192?
An wtf happened to the new clothes I sent to them...why in the fuck aint none of that shit in they suitcases
yeah I often hear myself say "I said what???!!!". Hope you and Quinn are well. Happy Advent!
Done and done.
Frame 4 parent engagement: not what but how:mutually supportive, contributions, trust relationships, energy drives collective
LOL. It's SO true!
Man dis bartender at pp west maan she is fine as hell she bad wit no make up on
O.o Okay then.
I hate it when you and your ex break up and then he acts like he doesn't care and then tries to get back together with you when you have som
Thanks Inna! I'm so excited
that's nasty
- i would love to see the UFC in the #CLE!!!
One direction cd released in america now Yaay! :)
Absolutely! RT : "We're moving away from wisdom of crowds and moving toward wisdom of friends," sez
Q: When was Ariana Grande born?<U+2661>
That moment when all you're trying to do is help.. and it blows up in your face.. I feel
Of course I realize that's like giving me a +K about scurry ;)
Thanks for following us, Nilesh!
Our top tweeters this week!
followed!(: x
Vegas Miami Kansas City back to San Diego … all within the next 7 days.
In for the night! I'm already having fun watchin' Braxton Family Values! Love it!
Love the black bottom blog! Enjoyed profile on Gustavo Adolfo Aybar
85 ill take it. And she wanted to give an A.
What do you call a fake macaroni? An impasta
you got me pinching myself do you really look like that can i see you close up
Amtrak is superior to planes in so many ways. However, other people's loud cell phone conversations remind me nothing is perfect.
i am so not preggers.
Favorite quote from last week, "if you wanna work on this film, you must be safe, you must recycle, and you must love cats."
#RITZ2 this Friday || FREE FOR ALL!! | Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !! | $10 Pitchers | $5 Wings | #tonefide a2
something that'll teach him a lesson.
Chicago rocks!
Take my advice kids. Live fast n die young.
CFSA has seen a decline in its caseload, but the staffing levels have remained the same. My question is why?
Yup, still here. Couple more weeks and then a small break before I return again.
u have 2 sons?
Hey guys! Guess what? I just startED my couch to 5k training. Past tense. W00t
Your website is badass. Let us know if you have any questions about our API or if you want a demo.
HAPPY 16TH BIRTHDAY !!(: <3 Today you should get a sub and put birthday candels in it because todays #NSD! <33333
Been a while but im bac on it #Grinds been on 1000
also, is it #panic time for other bills that were to be voted on this evening???
Abe Lincoln: America will never be destroyed from the outside.If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves.
Check out the Daily Featured New Mexico Town from NMGiftShop.com Every Afternoon at 5:05pm (mountain time) only here on Twitter!
Thank you for hosting a great event!
They tell the djs and producers they got them and don't even publish the work
Phineas and Pherb i dont know where you live but your summer has been over two years
I bought some Lilly bulbs and thought about doing some vegetables/herbs. But I'm a planting virgin, should I wait? Is it too cold? Help!
Thanks for the #FF. Have a great weekend!
good morning just a friendly hello
wooot the semesters almost over! Woooot
Decent first half. It's all about ball movement for us on offense and traps on defense
hm....is that all?
Man I want the standard twitter on my phone
I need to invest in a lie detector test
Summer where u at?!
Excited for #cowboylounge it's gonna be a #redneckgoodtime with
so tired...but that was an awesome game! :) the energy there was fun! congrats # Caps !!
i guess we would have to walk a mile in each other's shoes at least...
What a week - Earthquake then a hurricane. By God's grace, we're safe and doing well...and we have electricity. Thanks for the prayers.
my ID is Margafret :D
Digging #stephencolbert on #morningjoe in Charleston.
i was wondering that I've got a friend in Australia that has no one of getting it. If he got a code would he be capable of getting
RT "Some people will never learn anything, for this reason, because they understand everything too soon." - Alexander Pope
#amanshouldnot take after Tiger Woods. #gtfo and #stfu if you gonna do that shit to us girls.
oh my gawd. Yeah we do.
Hey man, do you do album artwork? I am looking for someone to do a good artwork, let me know man, if not, I'm sorry lol thanks
lmao, nahh i was just smiling and laughing at them!
Just got a nice message from one of the people I most admire :-)
GO LIONS!
Swigs of Jack Daniels from Tony LaRussa?
Managing and DJing at Bar Louie Water St. Brunch Launch tomorrow at Bar Louie Bayshore, Next week Brunch at Water St. Menu is amazing.
Wtf happened to Alesana being on this? I guess they'll do their own tour?
Let's get up next week...
#futurewewant - a world in which everyone has the freedom to realize their potential in whatever domains they are drawn to
Hey, “Vision Hyundai Henrietta,” did you know you’re actually in Brighton?
#Bacon fat works great in #chocolate chip cookies, too --
I'm so proud of my daddy & his baseball team!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+26BE>
Waiting time equals pinning time
sounds fantastic!
straight up son!
thanks Ellen, enjoy your weekend as well.
cocktail waitress. Making bank rolls bahaha
Genuine hipsters are another breed. They're gonna be affecting the demographics soon.
Good! Our theatre should do that show...like now.
Import Genius Kisses!
More concerned about toning & nourishing? Try our Green Apple & Ginseng organic facial.
found some fun knitting events at the in the next few months!
How can someone not pronounce New York Gangster right?!
Someone bring me food.. Now.
He survived HR orientation! Now comes 's boot camp. Today we're welcoming new Web developer to the Scholars' Lab team!
I hate how tired I suddenly get sometimes just before its time to go to work!
Is this the USF Bulls playing or the Miami Heat? The #Bulls are putting an ass-whooping on
Haha. Well truth be told, we've been saying nasty things about you for weeks and I thought it was time to tell you.
Give yourself some extra time when driving to tonight's Meet&Greet, 7-8pm at 783 Gold Hill Pl, Woodland Park (Teller GOP HQ)
I can't sleep!!
InVaSiOn in Blue field, WV 7/9/11 featuring HEAD (formerly of KoRn); Eowyn; The Rep and many more...FREE ...www.cityinvasions.com
May Day
Hey, I have no regrets. Were the 999 lines! Were #omla!
Austin's smile, his eyes, his hair, his voice, his swag, his songs, his nose, his laugh. His everything is perfect. <U+2665>
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is for you to follow her, not leave her there crying because of you.
It's not much of a problem but I think they're just old pages that had their links broken but are still published?
amazing picture. Is this in WI?
thanks for the mention - Happy #WW!
sorry! Rock on!
": I know some people are furious with me flooding their timelines up haha whoops!" I don't mind Suga'. Cudi Love!!
thanks brother !!!
thanks greg. Try this coupon code for a free trial "twitter" at neybor.com/redeem includes Virtual Tour, mobile site, TXT #, etc
Getting ready for the #Tosh season finale. is the man! L_S_D!
G'day mate! It's Australia Day and we're excited for the Australia Ambassador Kim Beazley to the US to visit the today!
Had a night out with my dad <U+263A>
How are you going to tell me what i can buy and can't buy? Its my money. if i wanna blow it all then let me.
I dont agree! We are all created equal! And should look at the worth of a heart and soul, not the education!!
Lame right? Cut-n-paste makes them HugeLosers! lol
lmao ur dumb..idk if Justin bieber is going..
There is no democracy w/terrorists or their supporters. If MB takes over Egypt, it's no dif't than Hamas taking over Gaza.
Best night ever!
Thanks to the kids who egged my car while I was out of town. I was really excited to spend my night scrubbing it with vinegar.
had an awesome birthday weekend.. happy halloween :)
lol, I hope so, because I'm working on a new project involving it, something new to delve into. :)
Just one of those nights where everybody irritating me.
how do we become a Suggested Page on Jumo? Our supporters are having issues finding us on Jumo.
That was really beautiful!! Thanks for sharing. :)
Squirrel hunting with Amabile
o.O
If you can say it behind my back, you should be able to say it to my face. Ha!
thanks for the #FF!
that's Love!:)
I am a little late, but just found out. RIP Donna Summer- music of my youth!!
Can't wait for FunnelCake, deep-fried butter & ! They're all at this yrs - Win tix at 7:30 w/
Got an interest letter from ODU.
Okay... That you find it necessary to throw stones STILL (after London) is THE disturbing thing!
I'm On My Way Sun!
Good morning. Welcome to our jewelry store today. Bright and sunny this 18th day of October. Hope you are doing well :)
Tacos or movies? Hm
Kenny G and exhibition ice skating on TV...my world is complete!!!
Yes! I will! I'll do it tonight after work.
The Odyessy=the most boring book ever!
haha oh man i am legitimately thinking about incorporating glitter into my next painting... what's next, puffy paints?
*~logging off gtta go to 2nd hour....(=~*
RR“: Nice to watch the Rockies on tv again!! #openingdayissoclose”
the website is back up if that matters...
it's time to get a shiny new one;-)
that was probably the last caribbean food spot that had plantains in St Martin. lol.
hahaha, I don't carry it only for that day. Lol.
Ready for some adult hide-n-seek!!
Visit our info table next to Caribou Coffee for free tattoos and pens. And then come out to our Call Out meeting tonight at 6! :-)
Those EYES!!! :D
Researcher using an iPad to copy documents - may be a first for us.
Control the options: get others to play with the cards you deal.
What would you, the potential customers, like to see sold besides spirits, wines, and beer? Every idea matters!
#Youcuteandallbut.. Get over yourself? Kthx. :D
what do you wanna do though?
questionin talent or skills cuz of their skills is differnt than questionin their ability & intelligence cuz they r black!
uh oh I heard you did some work with :D
Fairy tales are more than true; not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.
that is nuts
waxing philosophic are we?
Can not express how thankful I am for everyone that helped w/ Gala! The MOST AMAZING VOLUNTEERS EVER! THANK YOU!!!!!!
These are my views. You don't have to agree. But I do think she has sold us out.
And he think im finna cry over him...
Those Hanson sisters used to be so sexy. Especially that little drummer girl.
Watch Fourth Tron Uprising Trailer!
BIRTHDAY COUNTDOWN: 2DAYS.
that picture !! Oh no ! Lmao !!
Hey boo I just got a new phone! After I talked to u the internet got cut off AGAIN so I couldn't contact u :(
Wth just happened to Mary J Blige? I hope she has a cold cuz that was just down right terrible
I fuck wit street n#iggas dats what I raised round if I aint never sell dope, or hang round real killers you ll never catch me sayin I did
where do u get all these pics? love them :D
work it out
Ah the joys of breaking into a new workflow!!
I'm glad I didn't stress. We found out she had epilepsy, Chiari I Malformation & kidney/UT malformation.
Many many thanks to BRILLIANT show and tour de force!! !
It is 16-7 at halftime. Seems like it could be much worse.
Have you participated in the Pew study abt ebooks? Do it and encourage staff to, too.
#IfiHitTheMegamillion Id buy a year unlimited membership to Trapeze... It wouldnt even put a dent in the winnings =)
whta's been up. Do u c da Movie about 2 jump off w/ as da STAR n Mo Known Talent of course.
How do birds always get te worm .....god bless
RT : I'm LIVE!!! on www.hooahradio.com - bridging the gap between our deployed Heroes and their families back hom… (cont)...
please notice me!!! please 3
Who? Haha RT : I kinda wanna go tell this dude from Far From Abandoned that I know who he is,but only because he dated my friend
Did you know in 1897 African-American inventor Alfred Cralle patented the first ice cream scoop. His design remains in wide use, even today!
Thanks! Are you using this?
spoonbill is the best tasting fish
Sitting in on a session at #ciscogsf through telepresence - really cool...enormous potential impacts for government.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ASHLEY JUDD ONE BBN'S BIGGEST FAN'S......
Want a #lifestyle discount getaway 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
Email me and we will figure something out.
Last minute decision… not leaving until Monday
Office supplies are lame when you have to pee and can't leave.
Let's do it all over again tonight. Ya know.
Who gonna watch my music video for my song VA BAE when it drop?
I'll preorder one if your lovely fingers get used to type me a reply & click my follow button ;)
am I buying books in Pottermore or doing homework? one guess.
awsome we out here getting it these niggas need to get it right bout to turn superman to litte boy spittin kryptonight
sparkles and sprinkles!
I wish I tanned. I just get freckles! :(.
it went great:) I had a few mess ups but no one even knew! I loved it:)
Is it Friday yet?
Can't wait. Gonna be epic!! - RT : Anyone else having trouble sleeping?
near university of baltimore
Im listening to WCBS 880 for Yankees baseball and they have the YES telecast on. They keep going back and forth. Keep it on YES until you
impossible ti find but I'm here! Where are you and h?
St Patrick's Day shooting downtown injures 5 teens, prompts police chief to ask parents/community to step up and supervise young people
so wonderful to hear that! thank you!
Really awesome!!! When?
The people who always forgive you are the ones who love you a most
Rice Alumni: #savektru Tell the giving office how their decision to sell ktru will affect your annual donations 713-348-4600
- there's a difference? ;-)
haha thanks, ya girl! haha that's kinda the point ;) double meaning
hope u die
LOL his love like woe style? because I think he's sound great either way. His OLD OLD style is great with his untrained voice
Im such a fucking night owl
Make listening to your customers part of your company culture - Warren Whitlock.
You guys how long are we gonna keep up this 'FF' charade?
I'm walking, I'm walking, I'm walking !!!
Please welcome Randzoo to the Max life
the haters win again in North Carolina - they must be so proud - projecting medieval values and spreading hatred - what would jeeeeeezus do?
Sometimes you miss the kid in you
you know what you guys are? my favorites. hi.
No, wait, word of the day is "intertwingled"
the one thing really pushing vim for me is a unified editor on almost any machine I'm on. Pretty would be nice, though.
that's cute
ROTFLMAO!! #Community Riot
Why leBron throw That pass!..
I'm too sexy for #Twitter? Oh no!
I just competed in the rooster crowing competition.
love you!!
ugh I know. All day I have been thinking I would have seen ed. And then like right now we would most likely be meeting him
Oh my, what a day. Anyone else glad this week is almost over? Thinking about hiding under a blanket the rest of the day. Sheesh.
Its supper cold
lol better be :p but alrighty we're almpst to the place, he's gonna message you soon
I think today will be good.
see ya there!
Of Course!!!!! I most certainly positively will be in north carolina this summer<3
Thanks for hosting a great mixer, ! Can't wait for the next one!
I know im gonna love it i have all of ur albums love u justin:)<3
RT : All I do is win win win no matter what!
Clue: if you're trying to get a show at Red Space you'd better not make that face when I ask if your series on geniuses includes any women.
Thanks so much 4 using your huge spotlight to help us here in WI. We're a look st USA's future.What happens here is coming.":
Rondo with his 2nd triple double in the playoffs this year. This man is nasty.
Watching #nysports tonight?! Order in from We #deliver! Try our ny style #pizza or #hale&hearty soups.
waiting for the bus. :-[
based on our last convo, I think we could easily go for 3 hours. cc:
when hanngs out with me <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Sounds great! Have a great time and tell all those other Army wives an Army wife in San Antonio says hello! :)
miss you 2! x
First thing: I'll setup a github project for sharing code. Go there and register for an account. Let me know your username.
The only way to live is to accept each minute as an unrepeatable miracle - M. Jameson
haha! I'd love to know what you find out.
you've become what I hate, sold yourself for a bit of fame
girls who cant walk in their heels >
Wen u blush because of her wen u smile because of her you'll leave everthing just for her I look at myself and feel like I'm not worth it<U+E407><U+E403><U+E023>
Can the Chinese government "pirate" you plans for censorship inside the US or will you sue them as well? #sopa #mpaa<3chinesefirewall
Fuck. Knew I forgot something at home. -.-
dang, College Humor is killing that category.
Correction from earlier Tweet Operation "Little Girl Lost" Thank you!!
Its been awhile since I've posted! Looking forward to the Jingle Bell 5K this Saturday, hope its not too cold :)
what did he say?
Thy say that all ur old girls got sumbody new i say damn really? Even Rosemarie Even Leane sealy They said fug'n rite thy were the 1st 2 go
in Arizona they don't need a permit!
My band is playing sexy music while sexy girls dance at Cheetahs Hollywood TONIGHT!!!
Laying in bed fresh out the shower, contemplating life.
Hey , Nice Jacket!
working on something and i look way better than you!
having a crazy OCD moment with the albums with no artwork in iTunes.
Helpin friends out who cant seem to know who they really are . Gonna work out in a bit
The did the Super Moon create any new Smurfs?
It's a band...somewhere in/near Mt. View tonight...I'm so helpful.
Thanks to all our guests that stopped in this last weekend, thanks to front and back of house staff for doing what they do best!
check out for Maryland baseball info with head coach and md legend Bernie Walter
“: Watching #Eredcarpet ... wish I had an excuse to wear awesome dresses like this” -your wedding!!! :)
Who is getting that bao today?
of course it is unless you are running to the donut shop
the precautions the DA wants to implement are very reasonable and if you ask me still allow too much gun freedom.
: Ooh! This looks like it will be right up my alley. Thanks for the rec! :)
watching the vow
#TheSadMomentWhen even though at one time they were your everything, you realize that now your their nothing
Our team may or not have broken an overhead bin.
G.M.N.I.: Now everytime I look up, one of my sibs' friends, guys, or associates is dead.
Q1) Business partners care more about the impact metrics than the ROI
Check out 'A Cross to Bear' - poetry for your life, your love and your soul.
At the Big House ready to see
got it...and i just sent you another email
Think I'm gonna start rockin pb&j's in the a.m. now....bring it back to 5th grade to start the day and get the brain flowing
but why am I not as tired as I should be
"I go to bakeries all day long, there's a lack of sweetness in my life."
cooking for days
Chesterfield's Denny Hamlin #11 on the pole tomorrow! Bring home that Checkered Flag
Happy birthday to The Greatest of All Time: Muhammad Ali!!!!!
Hope everyone on the East Coast stays safe this weekend.
#aasl11 most people don't think of youtube as a social media site, utube second largest search engine.
I totally agree with you on that. Too many Ham & Eggers get big headed for being bench warmers.
- I'd say The Philippines was probably the most interesting, but my fave was a short film we shot out at the Kelso Sand dunes.
#healthysnack fresh raspberries and blueberries!!
Colwell: open access journals like PLOS raise speed of schol. comm, interactions w/ authors, but must have good quality measures
hey ricky hopefully you've having a better day than me <3
Yeah I had subway for lunch and then for dinner.
Cooking a fabulous piece of Porterhouse for dinner and enjoying a 2 Brothers Seasonal Ale
Well behaved woman rarely make history.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 118
- I'm feeling the RT love, TY!
Beta testing our new website, feel free to email us at if you're interested!
In the type of girl that'll sit and watch sports center w/ you all day.
It is very real, and really very tasty! ;)
Thanks for the follow have a great day!
Third now and quickly approaching half way thru: where are the jobs (1 of 2)
im in need of a new picture on here haha time for an update
listenin to music :)
moving to the Gateway. Aug 1st....:)
14 wins away
I would love nothing more then to move to Panama city.
Cool. getting into color grading. Mac Guru Brad Stoddard gave me some tips. He's editing a Redcam Spy Thriller. cut cut cut!
Helen Nissenbaum talk today at #uic on obfuscation and privacy
ok cool i think i got just the thing RT : hey I need a shirt for Zi and a onesie for the baby.Big bro/lil sis thing
My sister and think i was a hooker in my part life
Occasional appreciation of New Amerykah 1 suddenly blossoming into full-blown obsession, wowww
Twix; really just a couple of cookies.
LOVE that allows you to pay for tickets using paypal!
#Artist MAke sure you Tag, and EMBED your Info in your MP3's!
everybody got their opinions
Just listened to Newt Gingrich, a man who cheated on two of his wives, one of whom had cancer, go on about the sanctity of marriage...
enhance your life and your business by befriending fear and having it work for you
Hope for the best Expect the worse
I wonder if this is what it's like to have ADD. hard to write coherently or like an adult. Constant urge to type "haha omg lol." PREDNISONE
ready for tomorrows show at 216 Main Stage! Oh yeah!
yes. 13yrs ago :)
Anyone looking for really creative programs, check out the MCA Denver. They took risks w/ staff. This is the result.
Awesome! Thanks
King took away trial by jury: Citizens guaranteed speedy & fair trial
I have absolutely nothing to do this summer except for 2 weeks in July 1 I'm going to camp, then the other is (c)
"....crazy thing is, we could lose every game and still make the playoffs in the Eastern Conference." What a winning attitude.
Cant wait to get off work and get home to and the kiddos and see my boy !! #maxpayne3 tonight!!!
: Who are you and how is it we have the same name???
dinner = bacon, fresh coconut water, koala cookies. Win or fail?
just spent $200 at boot barn yesterday :(
Where the HELL is Quentin Tarantino?
This nigga Ibaka in an asset
when is it?
I don't know. Ask , she's writing it for me, and presenting it while holding a picture of me in front of her face.
Monday Night Snack - after 10pm {CHICKEN WINGS, white wine & grapefruit gastrique}
got a rocking gig lined up at Sat 12th Novemeber. Grab a burger and rock out to the best 80's cover band in LA!
so you have bandwidth ;) ...yes I am fishing we are looking for Brand Managers in Tampa
Patiently waiting for to get home so I can pass out and drool on her face all night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
yes ma'am it sure was!(:
is really tired of the Brewers finding ways to lose.
Keynote speaker at graduation. Ugh! Art Rooney II so wanted to be a football player.
how many other colors do I have how can I kno which one to pick
da heck? Lol that's kind of weird, but yes I know him xD
"i heard your good at algebra. Can you substitute my "X" without asking "Y"?"
always have been but just getting the hang of being funny in 140 characters. I'm a bit longwinded most of the time
Yeah & i'm trying to leave by the end of the summer!
I like that my friends know when I say: 'I can't party past 5a'- I don't really mean it
That awesome moment when your aunt washes and waxes your car when youre at work
First you have to make it, then you have to master it, then you can matter...Daymond John
Of course, my point exactly. Happy to see poet activists in the news.
Hey, do you have any suggestions for books for engaged couples?
Go Heat!
Come on! Jed NEEDS to deal. This team is simply not good. Some say, it SUCKS!! What do fans look forward to with current roster?
Who wants to go to Miami Beach with me tomorrow to look for Miley Cyrus??
just coolin it tho what's good
Ugh now I feel sick.
I wish I can take my bed with me to college... my bed is a sanctuary to me
I think of my peace paintings as one long poem, with each painting being a single stanza.
Happy Valentine's Day! Did you know the first recorded mention of VDay was by Geoffrey Chaucer in Parlement of Foules in 1382?
I don't know what #HIV advocates you have talked to but we are spreading knowledge about
lol yea I know I barely knew anything about what he asked about and I was like I will make it up if I have to!
Jeff Beck "Live King's Blues Club" in my possession, friends always rave how gr8 he is live, can't wait to hear it!
Wow , thanks for sending a Navigator to pick up me and We are rollin' deep tonight.
2day was a goodday,interviews all day,doing a shoot tomorrow,waiting4my next youtube video upload.This company wants2make a website4me.
“: I just realized I'm the only kid in my kindergarten class with a smart phone”. Caillou: a Tech Ed leader.
Cherish The Ladies will be performing at The Foellinger Theater in FT. Wayne, IN 08/12/2011. Show time is 8PM.
You know it's almost Christmas when....{fill in the blank}
Do you have a balance of branded and non-branded content on your site?
not so much today. He's got a big xray tomorrow.
Bring it on, Jersey!
I am beyond tired and exhausted from this week, but these grades are proving to me that all this work is worth it gotta
Im so excited is finally back in the u.s;I can finally be awake at the same time as him; so mayyybee he will notice me now 9
Taking a break at work, what's good twitted?
Help your friends as you can right?
man , that was a wonderful night , we need to do that again !
wow Todd Tigger :p
Ended testing with a bang!!! Faster then last years time with the new bike. This is going to be a crazy race season :-)
Not a bad business move at all.
We changed our mind ...the oven is ready and also our handcrafted Puccia balls...:) call in for delivery or pick up 512 739 8785 ciao
teen mom is soo great!
Celebrating Dan at Jack Rose. Wishing they had ceiling fans.
First night of weaning off of his binky (pacifier) looks to be a long one.... cc
Warm weather makes me wanna ride my motorcycle :'(
Lots of chokin' going on...
lol u so crazy
Just looked in the cupboard for pita chips only to remember that I had purchased them in a dream.
Feeling #Grateful... happy, in love, no complaints :)
I hate when TV characters have iPhones, because I always think it's my phone.
social tv panel at #smw discussion pitted against data driven content feed v how viewers actually want to interact with 2 screens
do you know anyone that wants to buy an ultra ticket?
.....idk if I should laugh, be shocked or if I should be scared to ride with you two tomorrow...
yes I did!
"the world will be ruined not by evil people but by those who sit quietly and do nothing."
RT : If communication is not your top priority, all of your other priorities are at risk. --Bob Aronson
I have accomplished a huge deal today. None of it what I originally set out to do, but still.
I just don't see any fitting in The White House. That said, I couldn't see any president as president before they became president!
happy Friday, blaze one up, nice and fat
#MyMotherToldMe that I'm beautiful and unique <3
held my breath the last 10 minutes! Phew! :D
haha thanks but the thing is i also have to do thing acting thing.
Barbecue Expert Jamie Purviance Shares His Tips On Seasoning With Smoke
In a state of gratitude...
ha I worked at 5am.
": Why do people bring the negative? The shit is whack just like your thinking."
ill say hi next time and try not to make short jokes c;
Galway taxi company advertises dispatch number of the back of hotel key card.
If your heart broken #DONOT listen to sad breakup songs! Makes it worse especially the songs "Unbreak my heart" and "Don't Speak"
This is going to be a stressful game. I but am glad I know Greenbay is going to win. Because I have faith.
You have no idea how bad I wanted to kiss you today...
. looking forward to your SF show saturday. do you guys allow audience audio recording?
My life. Lmfao that's funny
Do you think people would buy crucifix dildoes?
RT if you're not smoking today. Or ever.
Should be an awesome event. sponsors #smbmad. Robert Half Tech and
Folks I need to help Francine on the final things to get our #SOT project going. I'll be back after while. :-)
Funtime question of the day! Take a look at your iTunes and the 25 most played - which song is #10?
Thanks for the Mention Rosanna
Im your 5000th follower...congrats guys
Not well liked in Ohio lately
anyone can run tests before committing. It's how long it takes to fix a broken build that counts.
$DNAD now would be a good time to get in...
": WE are the answer to the things we complain about the most. So either be quiet, or do something about it!"
Nice - best get ready RT : Yup, I'm leaving and it snowing again.
Unfortunately, the Seahawks didn't come to play today. if they score here its a wrap.
Looking for a healthy snack? Try Bobo's Oat Bars. All natural, no preservatives: delicious! (Everyone loves Bobo's)
Love. MT There's so much more joy in just being yourself.
Get your work done while overseeing the shoot. Steve Temple Photography is now equipped with high speed wireless internet.
This census is as blunt as the #altac "definition" is broad/evolving. Hope you'll participate in the finer-grained SCI survey, soon!
On behalf of #AHAR team, we thank U for your undying support & effort with us, help many #animals in need. Thank you
I promise with my whole heart :)
Mobile law publishing made easy
A client is looking for logo designer: vintage, mid century modern/danish modern furniture, lighting & accessories. DM me if interested!
Imagine what an entire generation of girls can do w/ the confidence, skills, & experience they need to lead. What will U do?
": Here's to never giving up! ~ "I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." Thomas A. Edison"
Yes, AMZ is a threat. By being irresistibly easy, it could make our more affluent patrons care less about us.
I'll check with the boss
Any other early arrivals for #SPARC2012? I just checked in and am headed downstairs for a drink and some dinner, if anyone wants to join :)
L.A. Proper with the cast from "Entourage" @ SHFT!
I think/hope Vamp Elena will be more like Elijah ...
When I feel smug for getting up at 4 a.m. I then remember people like are not only up but dressed and looking good for TV.
SO looking forward to that! Thanks!
Call now and you could talk with UK’s Wall, Patterson or others – Hoops for Haiti telethon 859-299-5455
Think this is about to be the best of the night.
i just love it when everybody i work with decides to fuck me over at the same time
KEEP THE FIGHT!
Information illiteracy as pandemic? Do we need a vaccine and a massive program of childhood vaccination?
lookin forward to industry night tonight after the American Reunion premiere! Roll through! Hit me up for G list!
You're gorgeous (:
Wanna be a vendor @ our #AAIP festival Aug 11&12 in Point State Park? Non-Afr items ok. Direct Mail us if interested. Thanks!
What's up?
THANKS SO MUCH! #MKE is awesome. Awesome just like your moves.
When I'm apart of Peyton's street team but all the news is in the PSA. #leftout I miss Peyton's Facebook. :/
My daughter had it, my son had it, now I've got it...a cold. UGH!
Why am I the one always saying sorry when he's the one thus wrong..?
You might want to unfollow. Lol
H3yyy tweepz i miss yuh been bisy soo much were touring in north carolina next week so u guyz get ready! #darksecret also like us on fb
Oh, Glenda. I am so very sorry for your loss. Please accept my condolences.
can I get a follow and a retweet from the best sport ever?!
Is anybody selling a Fender or Marshall amp?!! I'm LOOKING FOR ONE!
Demise of Isidore-of-Seville is a pity; it included a Web-friendly massaged clone of Halsall's Atwater translation of Procopius' Anecdota.
Don't fuck with me. Runnin on E today.
Lots of new folks just showed up on my Talk contact list -- even some people I have never e-mailed before. G+ integration craziness?
I'm sorry.. Just keep your head up(: and look at the positives
I just got out of class foo. And yourself?
mr.wrong
I always wonder how it can be freezing in a classroom then so warm in the hallway...?
you're not supposed to stretch every week -_-
I dig this old spice champion commercial, but I would never break up with heather graham lol
Or you can freedom-kick someone else's ass while they scream! Whichever! :)
they had a great article last week about how masters athletes basically don't get weaker as they age too.
Under four tv timeout, Green Bay Phoenix leading 21-13.
Sweet. I hope we get to play together some time!
oldies but goodies
I'm going to be spinning acid and detroit techno tonight at Artifice at 9pm.
You are looking fabulous in these dresses!
its okay!
tweet me i need to talk to you,and are you feeling ok?
...when so many muslims hate us/America because THEY know we are based in Christianity. Libs=
my thoughts exactly.
Wow! Is she for hire?
Can someone please explain how is leading a war against Marriage?
And I'm pulling for Cindy, even if the copy editor did find an error in Webster's
hope your trip to the WI north woods was life-changing;). Can't wait to see the vids you produce.
Thanks - Check in for updates! RT just heard your new track, pretty legit
can you bring me my shirt tomorrow
“: We've got way too many pointless idioms but at the end of the day it is what it is & it's all good.”| I like me an idiom.
U 2! RT : Have a GREAT weekend #Goodwill friends:
feel like I'm gonna puke
14 school days left.! c:
and where did you find one? i never see them in brooklyn.
where are you going for your birthday ?
No doubt. Our team shared a special moment after the gm, we still aspireRT : keep your head up and keep fighting bud
Yessir!!! RT : It was good catching up w/ my boy this weekend!
Hi, i just wanted to say, iloveyou. <3
please support me and let me know you'll be there for me.. I need it so bad.. My grandma died :'(
New blog post : Free Weights vs. Machines
Super. Fucking. Tired.
#true almost as bad as Karl
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
It's cinco de mayo n I'm not in southwest for the first time in years
cause you a grown man you can't answer if a girl's booty is big or not??
can yall follow me ive been voting nonstop and tweeting you and yall havent seen it so can you please see this and followme
Researchers present a shiny new tool for imaging biomolecules At the heart of the immune system that protects our bodies from disease and
us too
cant wait to see you in LA...flying from Seattle just to see you!
Paul Waul, let's shoot for Thursday luv!
i didnt write that thing to u it waz my friend kayla were sleeping over shes a tomboy to plz forgive her
I am very davastated....and confused...I need to pull all the facts together and see what my choices are...
me too! Other thoughts cloud your judgment, decision making
Girls just wanna have fun has got to be one of my favorite dance movies
In general, men<U+0092>s foods are not actually all that different from those of Nutrisystem dietary programs
Excited to be learning from commercial CD Jeff Gerrard at The Actors Network!
Want to see Battleship.
The laptop bag and goodies goes to... !
Is this the day you finnially notice me and tweet me?I love you tons.Have a lovely day with Mamma G.Happy Mothers Day:]
put yourself together.change the situation if you can. complaints won't help.I look forward to seeing a upbeat you soon
Make those fun size candy bars even MORE fun by cutting 'em in half and wrapping 'em in scotch tape!
LOLakers can relate
I'm tired watching them!
Does he need to be? Plenty of dead weight to ditch.
Congrats - what a great and well deserved honor!!!
Cool! Will pass the recommendation along. I'm clueless these days... all clubbed out from the 90s! lol.
Getting checks in the mail >>>
sounds like fun, I like that band but I already told my folks I was going to go see them today. =\
Ok will do
Oh how I miss ! I hope you treated
i think i just died a little bit hahahaa
(._. ) RT : Tiny people be angry, dog.
Would bet the over on 1.5 ejections tonight
Share? RT : Pizza or pasta ? Pizza!
RT - Chad Ochocinco is on the New England Patriots Now
It is quite good. It made my day and my day hasn't really started yet.
I'm so sorry. Beautiful and moving tribute by you. Your dad done good. Take care. Best to all.
Dean Martin <3
"You haven't had that baby YET? What are you waiting for?"
Anyone grind day. Can't wait for tuesday so I can be off again
www.warrenwolfmusic.com Get me for your next event
they have already tried Miami. It didn't work out well
If it's out of your control, why fret about it? Concentrating on things you can control is how you make good things happen.
Need to understand what #RDI is? #RelationshipDevelopmentIntervention is more than #peergroups for #autism. www.nourishedfamilys.com
I wish my aunt would get the hint that I'm not adding her on Facebook just so she can stalk me and my friends.
These Bitches Is Wack . ( Dusting My Hands Off )
Was super blessed to pray with this man today for God to break some curses off his life... Only through the Power of Jesus!!!
dont ever let a women make you.
Young Black & Gucci
RT : already sold! I was happy with the stroller and happy to pass it on. “: Great deal :)”
Twitter Has Been Lonely Since Skhool Started -__-
Pretty sure all from one girl w/ wicked powerful shot. Next time I play her, i"m moving 2the opposite side
Chinese and movie night
*interrupts conversation*
is live on Twitter!
Just discovered your site and book yesterday. Excited!!!
Heading to L.A. to tape the Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson.
was just told that forecasts means it'll rain in 90% of that designated area, not "chance of rain." It's mind-blowing.
Woke up @ 8 this morning rushing to get ready for work then realized it was Sat. Then my roomie wakes me up at 9 vacuuming!
I have major commitment issues. I'm probably going to be single forever. I guess I can deal with that.
Payton(: We NEED to hang out!
Christian Malbrough () in the game for the Panthers.
How many sites?
Math city math city bitch :D
Girls who roll blunts >
Happy Birthday - Your a wonderful organization that honor our #veterans, keep up the great work!
Welcome to Baltimore and the Ravens! You've got a bunch of fans who welcome you with open arms!
lol naw.. jus ur @ name and ur bio ..i expected to see sum..Feel free to post dem doe
but i work hard. Sometimes I do overtime hoe
Polygraph for Addison PD coming up and numerous tests for other departments. I have been trying 7 years to become a cop. Why stop now?
Just enjoyed a nice 7 mile run through Potomac Park! Perfect night.
Not finding it on the website, was it this weekend or next weekend the Red Line was having construction done?
And other things!!! SO MANY OTHER THINGS!! ONLY CHILD OVER HERE(:
RT : "You let them other niggaz get the name, skip the fame/Ten thou' or a hunnid G, keep yo' shit the same"
So nice outside today, something in the air
As remote / flexible workers, we rely heavily on Lync to communicate between our immediate team and larger company
thats to long!
I have everything unlocked.
I hope it was worthwhile :)
Have a lighting project and overwhelmed with all the choices? Contact us and get a professional design without the hassle> factory direct
": "Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome." Dr Samuel Johnson"
thanks bea<33333
Dear City of MPLS, thank you for fixing [removing the meteor craters from] that stretch of road between 280 & Stinson. I salute you!
Stream is down? I'll die!
Bahahahahaaha ok ok good movie!
Drinkin champagne on the airplane
It is that time of year when you have to start thinking about gloves. Lacrasia
Luke and Matt Goss of Bros both turn 43 today. They're twin brothers (duh) who were teen idols in the 90's.
#MyFriendsAlways make me smile:)
what a frigging catch! And I hate the Yankees. Damn he is good
Middle age is when you choose your cereal for the fiber, not the toy.
Only got 45 years or so until you can do that again...
thanks honey!(:
It's a round cut...that angle is from the top. I'm really excited!!
soccer small word, easy to spell, difficult to understand, IMPOSSIBLE to live without
Where have u been
Best town to relax in. Bar none.
Hey Boy! heard you are getting married! Sweet.... Thanks for the follow.....Stay in touch.....JOP
but the best part is its 50 degrees out. She has no business wearing wedges or a slutty dress
Get up get down!
They could - but I'm thinking UK Wildcats are stronger. RT : So do you have UNC winning the title :)
“Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.” Dr. Seuss [Happy Bday 3-2-1904]
I have no idea who that guy was. Lol
all that spaghetti in your pocket must have thrown you off
Welcome! So glad you joined us to tweet. I agree if world was ending I would have finished the beer in our fridge!
JUST two days me and host this big sexy beach birthday party.
French toast, Blueberry pancakes, waffles at the job this morning as a thank you for end of quarter.
I miss my Ramona Flowers....
you're pretty awesome, you know that?
#FF Thank you!!!
My two greatest hopes for #Oscars--Melissa McCarthy wins Best Supporting Actress and The Artist doesn't win Best Picture.
Soon, we will watch away sporting matches, in our home stadiums thanks to the Tupac hologram.
!!! “: Yo i know ya see my boy KG busting ass #GangGreen”
I'm x bitch, triple x rated you make me so fucking happy haha
Thank you for sharing! "Gluten Free Registry app on my iPhone (shows via GPS GF in area)"
2014 California LB from Gardena. RT : Talked to Iowa State today, sounds like they're close to offering.
My parents are nice, they'll late a friend stay over for a whole month if they're having problems they understand.
on air with Vincent Bugliosi as he talks abt new book "Divinity of Doubt: The God Question" on radiokolamerica.com - call in 818-691-3243
Our budget is the only one that didn't pass last night. Fuckin' sad.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 57
Deep thoughts
just marc, but i aint there yet so idk who up there tho
Will u be my hunky Jesus?
not so good so many people want to attend but having a tough time getting the main sponsor everything else is ready to go!!
We're also at the 4 month mark with Réunion des musées nationaux trying to clear use of a single Brassai image.
don't surrender cuz you can win
I seem to have misplaced The Locked Room, 30 pages before the end. This is torture.
Thank you!! Now I just hope turkey turns out!
It's supposed to thunderstorm today... ):
Interesting indeed. More interested in their reasons for supporting it.
please please please do :)
wi, nw, and minn, appealed together to have burst able to change, choose uw.
Vet Reprimanded for ‘Disgraceful Conduct ’ The Disciplinary Committee of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons (RCVS) on Wednesday
Good morning everyone...hope everyone has a wonderful day! Gotta get ready for work.
Hey. Kotex matters to some of us dammit.
made me do that face!
how can you not look!?
Everyone needs to vote for !!
You all are too sweet! Love you both!
we have sold 118 Living Social Coupons! INDIANAPOLIS! LET'S BUY THEM REMAINING 582 & I'M DRAWING FREE YEAR OF BOOT CAMP! VALUED AT $900!
FINALLY some1 mentions this!!! RT hey man, if you're asking your phone "is that rain?" it's intervention time.
Lexi! you're so pretty.
I am impresed that you know who that is! :)
Wonder why people act like they care about you when something happens but when you out of sight you definately out of mind
Im bouta start dressing like a rock star stay wit cut up jeans and punk rock shirts and them glove that cut at the finger!!!...yuhhhs
Couldn't agree more. Friends' recommendations > Pretentious Yelpers.
Happy halloween! We will be in costume tomorrow and encourage you all to do the same! Special prize for best costume.
RT TMZ: Lindsay Lohan Misses Flight to D.C. for Correspondents' Dinner --- shit, there goes the weekend
I have never seen a "good" spray tan. Ever
Ball game! #Brewers thump the Cubs 8-2! Brewers lead the season series 5-1!
So my Bentley had to get serviced today & they only offered me 3 choices of champagne w. the loaner car. Sniff.
text me cus my laptops broken ;/, and i have half bar left.
Fake beef available for your real pleasure today!
Spent all morning fixing system errors on a fucking brand new laptop that I began setting up yesterday. I think I'm just going to go 2 lunch
My mind says , but my heart says Victor's.
I feel you, my son is 5 going on 18! And my daughter is 3 and she tells me I'm not her best friend anymore everyday:)
You can take a picture in front of any #wonk display, but tell us in your message what kind of wonk you are
If you say
Off work...in Delia's with my mama n little sister...
Dancing, sampling, smelling the flowers but not taking the TIME to develop a system that leads to successful investing????? Success = system
you are so sweet I love you beautiful princess
Ha! #itsthatgood “: trying to hangout w/ but she's just watching Dexter instead. So now I'm just staring at her face.”
How do we go about getting those underwear Christina is wearing? Gotta get me some - Dustin
So did I! This is my experience curing cane, so I may adjust those times as I watch its progress.
gah save me some!
- Great City, if you or your friends need our Insurance services let us know! :)
So tired !
that's crazy. I couldn't do that. It's so fucking depressing to me.
Can't wait to hear the line-up!
No Surgery For My Hand! God Is GoodS
Jacklyn just met up with Alex Gaskarth and Taylor from We Are The In Crowd be sure to get their single Kiss Me Again for FREE!
I'm heavy handed. I can't have nothing.
iloveyou GoodNight ... gotta go to Practice 2morrow Probally gonna break every bone in my body ... like i almost did today <U+2665> <U+21A8>
Ozzie has been looking for a pass rusher to compliment suggs for 2 years. Finally got one.
Where the fuck are you? Why can't I get a hold of you? This is so crazy insane. I'm worried to shit.
If you need new or used tires for your car and you in stockton get at me
taking note of that... How was dinner with your parents in Plano?
Tried cross country skiing. Only slightly more enjoyable than downhill. Emphasis on slightly.
fridays at 6 pm
I think the Mighty Ducks movies get better every time I watch them
Gonna hangout with the bros.
Well, hey! Missed your tweet till today :)
... Great meeting you the other night! I'll be back in NYC soon to play!
wait what? haha
hey babe u spk spanish Rght ? :)
Hornswoggle won it in mid-2007, Vickie stripped him of it, officially retired six months later in 2008.
Dont make me make you fall in love, dont make me make you fall in love with a nigga like me like me...
yep! Unreal. Time could have been for Whitney.
I just watched The Crying Game for the first time, and wow, quite the surprise. I don't want to give away the twist but Dil totally has a pe
...Like, "Rear Window" was a classic; viewed through the lens of contemporary new media, hums with Twitter relevance.
good luck with that "awesome" reading you're doing.... haha. I know how that feels. I'm torturing myself with Don Quixote -__-
Yeah I know. Not sure what happened. Are you back in j-town?
hmm - I'd volunteer to haul my Weber over to Holliday if it's allowed; can help pay for BR rental too
If I smell like mothballs: haven't been to grandmother's house, and I didn't just return from India. Just purifying naphthalene in orgo lab.
i let stuff gett to me to easily..
Just read a quote that made me vaclempt it is so on the money: "When you have kids the days are long but the years are short." So so true.
I'm going to stalk u, while u stalk with your cameras, just so I can see her sexy #ass yummy
Yes new icon of them so pretty :D
Caught it on Good show old man, get ready for the fame!
anyway we might be able to incorporate in those classes Todd? :)
More like Halloween.
We will be having Happy 7th Anniversary Happy Hour each friday 5 to 8pm until Nov 25th, do stop by soon.
For a fat city, Milwaukee has a lot of lunchtime runners out today.
Now You Watch Your Mouth
5 seater? Aka "a car?" RT 5 seater? RT : good thing we are renting a car and driving to madison on Saturday
When I believe and know in my heart that everything is really alright, immediately everything becomes alright for me. I claim it now.
This friday night went by fast! Wtf?
look as this gay ass fool
"So go rest your bones, little girl, you've had a hard day out in the world" - Sirens of SIlence
Then Dejah Asked He Said Whenever ,
In Europe, Some Lovers of the BlackBerry Now Seek A New Flavor
Staying in South Florida for the holiday season? Come see us at Grazie! Book your reservations or parties with us in advance: 305.673.1312
The internet informs me that a "Cafeteria Plan" has nothing to do with cafeterias. That certainly made for an awkward recs mgmt discussion.
yep. efficient.
I'm giving up getting overdraft fees on my bank account for Lent and for life!
Only a couple more hours until #PersonOfInterest's season finale.
Stepping on the toes in UFC...lame
Going out to eat in a little bit.. Follow me,, I will follow back.. Miss Alexis Todd.. follow me!!
Nothing makes my morning like talking to about all the amazing work he is doing at the #NIC!
National e-invocing Fora already set up in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Germany, Ireland (cont)
fly safe! Any big super bowl plans?
#uic lined up in the bowels of the pavilion about to march in for LAas commencement
Can't wait to leave class. And it barely got started. Oh wait. Didn't even start yet
Not feeling this Vince Young shit.
!!! you are too sweet. And awesome. I propose we have an internet tea party to celebrate.
and are incredible people. please treat them with respect. They are very greatful to have all of you.
yes, please.
I'll leave it alone then...
looking for experienced Inside Sales reps for one of my clients in the Florham Park, NJ area (both in business development/account manageme…
Taylor: licensing issues more about contract law rather than IP
Our new CD has arrived!!!
My darling civil union partner<3
Great timing on the 18 mile ride! Go Winter!
delete Foursquare, check in on Facebook!
Up next: #UNM Law school dean Kevin Washburn on Indian sovereignty and other important #Native issues in
Oh I thought that was Joan Rivers and Janice Dickinson-- makes sense.now rt": Why were Hall & Oates on here again? #TheVoice"
i can not say this enough. you really need to come on the 2nd.
I just had tea in Russel Wright's living room...
I feel like Koei is just getting lazy sometimes. I really felt that way with DW6 definitely the worst of the franchise. However it
Coral is the it color at tonight's banquet!
So far away from where you are these miles have torn us worlds apart and I miss you and I wish that you were here...
Let me know if there is anything that you would like to know about Directv.
#GOP elected leaders are denying U.S. Constitutional #DEMOCRACY & Human RIGHTS 4 all American RED STATE citizens thru #GOP VOTER SUPPRESSION
Absolutely. Cal does a great job. Just feels like media is portraying it as only place to go if you want to get to the NBA.
My prayers go to Trampus Haskvites :(
I love when people call me a whore. It's like thanks for showing to everyone youre a liar(:
Really Don't Feel Good , In Tears Right About Now . Least I Know Moziee Cares .
you're most definitely correct although I think it's still sound advice for majority of young people in developed nations.
its running this account
going to New Jersey today to film a new movie. I play a Detective and I solve a murder. yay! what fun!!
Taking my lunch, again.
I dont know how i got this way I'll never be alright
I want to see the hunger games
you guys were awesome tonight. Thank you!
I wish u were going with us:(
I wouldn't be mad if the Suns get Javale McGee if Nash and / or Hill stay. He needs a veteran role model
Just turned over to Fox News...where's the Prop 8 coverage?
haha, I saw. We all feel that way.
A DREAM THAT YOU WISH.,WILL COME TRUE.....HAHAHAH....I WISH SOO......
“: Someone needs to invite a alarm clock that emits the smell of bacon.” mmmn YEAH. ;D hahahahaha :P
yes. its call the Brandon Crew-neck. its an American Apparal shirt that I drew a big B in Sharpie. its only 89.95.
Went straight from the gym to the bar with #ChefRodmanShields. Counter-productivity is sort of my thing.
Legitimately working on my connection with self
NEW!See examples of how HubSpot customers use Facebook fan pages to generate Likes and leads
Kicking off #PCUS day 2 at Looking forward to a wide range of #4profit discussions inc. mobile, retention, & student success!
:) you sir, have good music taste.
im already looking fwd to the weekend!
Friendship consists in forgetting what one gives, and remembering what one receives. -Alexandre Dumas
what he gets for always forgetting to put in his mouthpiece
Prost! RT : Viognier 2009 nose of talc and lemon verbena hammy notes, great texture oily but light, tropical, pithy, stony
Playing this Fri @ the Barking Spider in Cleveland and Sat @ Pete's Tavern. Come check it out!
RT For A Safer Way to Secure Funding. Checkout this site... Bit.ly/fundingprogram via
We all wanted it, now we got it. #Dreamgame2012 Go Big Blue
Running till I black out
Can't wait to see , and at One Night Only on Friday, May 4, 2012! Plus many more DJs!
ppl need to get off #brewers fans nuts. We have experience in sucking for years, not greatness. The wave will continue till further notice
Thought I was done interviewing people yesterday but 7 new resumes in my email when I woke up lol.
it's not the cholesterol that concerns me. Maybe you should start guard duty with fruit
4-1, 5-1, & 6-1 in different places from what I hear, but thats on paper from what we've seen in their past....
Now you're just somebody that I used to knoowwww
Sorry dude! Wrong handle in my earlier tweet.
5 oz FREE! Let's go let's go! Have a hot cocoa after haha.
I sneezed, and it hurt my left side . #ouch /:
I will, but of course, I still can't find Idaho.
": CAN'T WAIT TO START GOING TO THE PIRATES GAMES <3" cough cough :))
Nice story to head to bed on!!
I want to so bad! I'm not sure I'll have the money! U so should get one tho! :)
I want to be better
Want to test your language AND library skills? Try cataloging obscure Spanish novels all day. Yes, I'm taking pictures of the good ones :)
Lol my gma was crying over the card that wasn't hers told her to read !!!
Let the love of Christ shine bright! for it's with lovingkindness that the world will be drawn to!
#DMCA Ah, I spoke too soon. DVD CCA / AACS LA counsel showing off a recording he made of a DVD using a smartphone camera.
I'm SO sorry! Someone psycho hacked my account and I couldn't stop him for a while. What did he say to you?
MASSAGE, FACIAL, MANICURE, PEDICURE....Call 301-585-0888 and ask for Barbara and you get 15percent off any service this week
Heal my broken heart I’m freezing underneath And I’ve been here waiting patiently ease my restless smile I cannot get to sleep
So cute, reminds me of my daughter! Tell Renee "Hi"!
It's plenty old heads in here lol
Karaoke at broadway ale in samo...sweet caroline. Check.
at least you're not vomit-y?
When shopping for your next new vehicle, check out the #MelloyDodge reviews, covering current & late model Dodge & Ram automobiles.
Luna bars are great to snack on! Less than 200 cals, low glycemic index, 70% organic and around 12-11g of sugar depending on the flavor.
did you hear the #Hawks picked up Teague's option today? If you want to work on the piece involving how far he can take em?
if one of us go in then we all go threw t
“: Osheas is shutting down today.I will miss you,Vegas cathedral of stale beer and filth" -- that's a shame!
If someone said take me to your leader...who would you take them to/
So what's a good breakfast spot at Grand Central Market?
Tomorrow is a very special day....
oh well i didnt see it and if you look at his page hes fighting off haters too.
"I wasn't that drunk", ""Dude, you picked up a little Mexican girl and yelled, 'DORA, I NEED YOUR MAP TO GET HOME!'"
totally should be able to demolish them!
we are at 370 right now so we still need more!
Where did you park? You're the second car in two days in our neighborhood. Please file a police report.
I hate that feeling of feeling lonely!
I thought it was 5pm and its only 12! holy shit!
where's that?
Oh. That makes sense. I just didn't connect it to the home. Thought you just dubbed a pair, "Thou art kitchen shoes!"
Bone Palace Ballet.
Let's just all love each other.. K guys?
print model?
I get judged for filing my nails during the yucky parts of R rated movies. I happen to think it's wonderfully efficient.
Support the Fight against Cancer. 100% of 160z online CloSYS oral rinse profits to Breast Cancer Awareness. www.closys.com/charity.html
Scenes for next #sharktank as cryptic as those from #madmen; you all in cahoots?
Sally Draper will be on drugs for about 5 years and expert at manipulating her parents before they realize anything
Got the paper this a.m.; asshole had thrown trash in my yard; picked it up & a bicyclist said good morning, reaffirming my faith in humanity
Can't wait to go to California... 1 month <U+2708><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0084>
Great thing about being dead? No more taxes!!!!
Former elite marathoner and triathlete, author of the best-selling health and fitness book, The Primal Blueprint
Sorry! I was mostly at the AAPA sister org- the Human Biol Assoc. It was a blur. It didn't help that I had no wi-fi there.
Oh, let me know what you think after you've tried it.
Brett Favre's last throw in '08 playoff game was INT... Same as Rodgers this year.
Correx: Oakland County Commission makes final vote on DIA millage May 17, NOT tomorrow. Thx!
Too much $$$ to make stupid mistakes RT : Rookie MLB umps earn roughly $120,000, and senior umps can earn upwards of $350,000.
Cuz far knew I had dem 20's n big fat
He's such a good creeper. If the guys do anything that we don't know about, he'll find out
I think I'm going to add an "azzle" to the end of every other word I utter from now on. It just sounds better.
Beautiful morning for an Inauguration
Saw the orange line train stopped in its tracks past vienna as I drove in today
Secretly Y'all, y'all! Stories start in a few w/ a 17-piece band to follow
Nah we bussed.
didn't make it either. Was Johnny come lately on tix, and bust to boot.
thanks! glad you enjoyed it and we appreciate you letting us know.
don't watch that show after season two. Uggghhhh. And even that's iffy. It has so many people I love. But really bad writing.
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms VIP for Playboy|Moon|ghostbar coming to party tonight!Text with how many people coming
Rofl @ Jon Stewart.
i really need to know why ppl take kola boof seriously--she is absolutely insane. i've never seen anyone more ready for a straightjacket
Not for everyone, but the #hologram of Tupac Shakur that "performed" @ Coachella is amazing! Really captures the imagination of a tech geek!
Friendship and money: oil and water.
EVERYTHING IS SO GREEN! AND IT'S RAINING!
Just finished 2nd week of Chest and Back
Sorry I know my German.
homework sucks
I am so upset right now :/ lol
I consider it a warning that idiots are reproducing.
LA?! You know we work harder out here in Vegas #workhardplayhard RT : yessir! Hit me up if you need any help with the move
It's a cool, very humid morning on campus. Orientation today for new faculty & International students. 10 days til classes start!
next time you are in the city come by and say
Happy Birthday to the current and future great young man. Work hard in Vegas.
Im so proud of you!! Muwahh!! :)
Pulling in to Birmingham. Heading to practice at UAB. Excited for the opportunity to get better today!
50 % of the people are wrong 50 %of the time. And the other get it wrong half of the time. I'm 100% right about that half the time.
Global youth service day huge success! Ready for your grads party? Call us!
Can't wait for #actorfest!
Apparently I drink milk the way I drink scotch: neat and in big sips.
“: Let's hear it for World Autism Awareness Day #WAAD x”
traveling in severe weather conditions. Hope all is well on ur side of the world.
Going to see that show next Friday in NY-- love Weegee
duh, this is easy. I would take your call first as you are the gate keeper!
Happy new year!
i love how in scary movies, the person yells out "hello" as if the bad guy is going to be like "yeah, im in the kitchen! What a sandwich?"
we all need a girls day together! Love u my girls!
I don't know why you are awake, but I'm awake because my roof just started leaking in a rainstorm. :(
Maybe you're lovable, maybe you're my snowflake
Thanks for the RTs , , and
At school bout to get my learn on #beauty n
THE PULSE on POWER 98.3 is LIVE. Stream live at power983fm.com !
If a "player" gets played he was NEVER a "player"
- run barefoot & write & edit great content for start-ups. Interested having coffee?
Whew, I'm settling in here in Honolulu. It's been damn fun to find new simple things like a new market or a new bike or new couch.
RT : crap! I missed it!! Puts "L" on forehead -- #loser. Steve, kick my ass t...
u mean u had a convo with on what you like to tweet? *confused
I need to get my money up so I can go to Disney World.
It's time to let go of the hurt,tears,pain and past
Too funny...I call them "fun suckers!" I prefer to be a "funjector" myself. Gdluck!
My main problem with #BBC America is that 90% of what's on are cooking shows where one person yells at another about how bad the food is.
Purchase any items from these 3 websites and 15% of ALL profits will go towards supporting The Weekend Edition of NM News & Views
Amplifying broken or just ugly jewelry into beautiful new pieces!
Hello lovers! Relax after school.. Going shopping with my parents. It will be a very good afternoon <U+2665> See u soon tweeps!
Ayyoo T$ follow Back Please! I love You so much<3
All smiles
Nope, no Instagram for me. I prefer my photos as authentic, real and simple as it can be.
Somtimes i wish they would die
string quartet: a good violinist, a bad violinist, an ex-violinist, & one who hates violinists, coming together to complain about composers
Who wants to play draw something!?
Would anybody like to win a free vacation to Hawai'i? Airfare+Accommodations www.majkltravel.net Sweepstakes of a Lifetime
Finally with my honey after 6 long months! :) Thank you #USSEnterprise for bringing our men & women home safely! Go Navy
90+ in portland. gray and misty at the coast.
Happy b-day Brandon!
Forgetting what is behind & straining toward what is ahead, I press on toward the goal...for which God has called me... - Philippians 3
I'm good relaxing with a glass of wine at home
Al Pastor links...hell yes We also have al pastor links, fresh Polish links, brats and...goat!
YIKES! We also need a photographer to shoot our show Friday night. Small fee and free seat are yours! email asap
Beautiful night in Chicago
It's Friday. Hello, party dress. Yes, I've missed you too.
snow + bicycle + #wiwo rehearsal = Adventure!
he was maaaddd
“: Sexxy... Next Thursday I wanna go to Kit Kat Lounge... U should come!!” yes I'm totz down :D
Now totally looking forward to your cover of Suicide Solution...
Does that come in another color?!
Hope you have a perfect day just like You <3(: love you So much xoxoxox <3(:
Without sports we would have to talk about politics and other ways we hope to improve our society.
Got standing-on the parking lot "seats" waiting to hear Rosanne Cash at FW Main Street Fest! Still, GO MAVS!
how funny! jeremy just asked me if i could meet him at the chipotle; but, alas, editing prevails....
Just back from meeting first guy in like at Best Buy in Gresham, OR. Mike O'Brien's been there since Monday for Black Friday deals!
I signed it when I lived there. Totally disagree that it is unethical. Been meaning to email per previous Twitter convo.
Got my box of popchips! Thank you so much for sending them-they are DELICIOUS and I love 'em! Popchips rock!
can u please follow me i will be the happiest girl in this world please
I want to start all my stories with "so I was dipping this girl in guacamole..."
Brownie was the first thing that popped into my head, but it seemed a bit much for 6:30 am.
Dinner at Harbor House on M Onday with was splendid. Can't wait to come back
the cure
I got a bottle of wine, a bag of chips, a bag of candy and sum altoids at cvs for $8.95
I didn't know try we're even doing music still
me of course! I sold my iPad 1 a couple weeks ago in anti caption. Surprisingly I got $330 for just the wifi 16GB model.
Your particular brand of journalism reeks like Jack Kerouac pissed all over it after a night of eating bad asparagus.
#oomf has geek hair phahaha I wanna meet him(:
What should I do for my bday this year?! Ive NEVER planned for it before....
Rain! Rain! Rain! =)
boy am I feeling lazy
You know we're going straight to hell.......but we'll have fun getting there
Stoners live and stoners die, But in the end we all get high. So if in life you don't succeed, Just fuck it all and smoke some weed!
no one cares what I'm doing everyday so why act like they do by tweeting it haha thanks for the twitter blast tho homie
out of context, that's hilarious enough to draw a fine.
We just got Fucito (ex-Sounders) from Montreal! Can't join for clasico, but it will be a good one. See you 2morrow Nicola! :-)
Just a reminder workshops start tomorrow at 8:30AM. See you then
<3 you know that girl, Ally Balkey? Shes cute.(:
WMYB on the radio :D
Definitely.. its so inefficient and removes any form of incentive of making a better living for people..
here I will just say good luck
I'm not from The S.W.A.T.S. but I know how to get there! Can I do Christmas on Cascade? :-)
good!!! Working away!!
Pizza And Game With My #1 Man
thanks hope your son gets over it quick
you know me. Rockin and rollin...
Black Girls Rock is Rockin nieces have pictures of a lifetime. They met my friend, Debra Lee Chair of BET smart, brilliant sister. BGR!
my favorite afternoon pick-me-up: drinking this morning's coffee, cold, & eating chocolate
Starting to feel the affects of yesterday,crashing like I been in 5hr energy or something
his voice "man im out the way rite now i aint even drivin" that nigga favorite line
Thanks to some timely "Likes" our Facebook page now has a proper URL: www.facebook.com/FourPeaksnW.
Oops- weather was so nice I forgot FF! Belated
Thank you very much
- Now Dev in their defense it is a good environmental move. The use of bottles for water is a really terrible problem in the US
RT : On the bus ..to support #csustrike. Budget cuts are disfiguring the nations finest & most accessible public univ system.
Gotta get my truck worked on at 11 tonight smh <<<
i need sum more followers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
are kicking off the party. Starting to see some old school fans from the Vino's days. Aww yeah.
As a #Redlegs fan I can never ever ever want the St. Louis redbirds to win!
Love it!!
This movie is some form of cruel punishment
#PROMOTIONTIME GO LIKE MY FAN PAGE Honey Rosee NOT THIS STATUS!!!
It's hard for someone to recognize a trait as a flaw if it conforms with their tightly held belief system.
Awww I am so glad you like it. Thank you!
Why does this kid thinks he's all dat !!!
Issue 108 has + so much more. Grab one for free and be in the know!
you should have recorded it ! :3
Pitino feels all kinds of pressure. He knows what's on the line. Id say yeah Kentucky has more pressure but saying UL has none is stupid.
Dear Zara on Newbury St. your staff rly needs to learn the products your selling everyone go see my friends in Natick instead!!!
Thanks for voting us #2 best coffee house in 614's ColumBest 2012!
that's not possible...haha I never get dropped
is describing how to build sophisticated apps - scalable, fast, rich apps that are automated to respond to user demand and be low-cost
Thinking the # in your bank acct is your cash flow universe is like the size of your list being your marketing universe....
"A beautiful ring and it looks better than the picture! There are also no visible scratches" Wilson from San Diego, California
Also don't be like me and keep smoking anyways
Texas hold 'em (;
great, excited to work w/ u
Savors the aftertaste of grilled peaches and drunk tigers
for all your promo needs email us tyapromotionsandconsulting we have build your own affordable packages.
lol I probably was. NOT THE POINT.
This is so boring
“: Cock RT : what did u have for breakfast?”<----hahaha
I'd like to book an show for July or August. Who do I talk to?
I am so jealous. The Mr's library is closed on Sundays during the summer.
I'm a strong person, but every now & then I'd like someone to take my hand and say everything will be alright
I had lazagnia.
and gay porn stars.
Beaming. So proud of you girls.
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A LEADING ROLE IN A PLAY: James Corden,Philip Seymour Hoffman,James Earl Jones,Frank Langella,John Lithgow
Wow we have ourselves a game here...Denver looks really focused right now
Just talked to my neighbor who will be playing Cassio in Othello for Shakespeare in the Park. Looking forward to seeing the play.
Vegan Carne Asada? Yep, its a soy protein crumble sauced with a spicy arbol salsa and topped with cilantro and onion for $3. Enjoy!
Enterprise, Bellwether Form Firm, Plan $1.5B in 2012
Thank you !
u has been tweeted at
The only time success comes before work is in the dictionary. #Truth Vince Lombardi
Feeling evil today. "If Billy O'Riordan isn't drunk in twelve hours, I blow up a hospital".
If Paul pierce wants an ejection on that foul he's an even bigger bitch than I thought
i'm glad your getting so much sleep right now. I went to bed so much later than you and woke up so much earlier.
Free screening of the Epic FATHER'S DAY in Asbury Park May 3rd @ the Showroom
#WilDCHildZ talent show is on march 23 in NYC ima sing ahh im thinking or dance likee the hm hard choice
*swoops in*
Come check out surrendervegas this weekend only
Totally jamming out to Boyfriend in the drive thru. Love the looks I'm getting!
To the one person who stalked me here and objected to what she saw, but shouldn't have done: the war's on, just you wait.
": Pray about everything, and worry about nothing."
OMG! SO adorable! Love that! :)
Rest in peace Steve Jobs. We lost a great genius, a visionary and someone who knows how to execute the ideas right. Sad news.
I see 's influence on , wearing golf polos on
First time I woke up feeling this good in a looooonng time (:
Insecurity will always rent the space it occupies, but confidence will own the building, and any other room it steps in!
Peoplee who say bro after erything can start to be annoying.
I really hope another network picks up new show "Downwardly Mobile". We need her & John Goodman on television again!!
Registration is now open for #edcampss March 24th, in Philadelphia. Tickets will go fast so register early and donate.
yeeeeahhh!!!!!! RT if you want Believe Tour World Wide
blah blah blah
RT : that sounds like a great turnout. $25 iTunes gift card standing by and a fun presentation from
I asked Fraser and he doesn't know either. Sorry!
How would William Blake spell Kegger?? VERY IMPORTANT QUESTION! :-D
So tired help me....
wow, that was terrific! (and scary)
Am I the only one really grossed out by handkerchiefs?
HUMP Day!!
Overcast night in Deerfield for the 23rd annual Classic track and field meet. There are 18 Division 2 and Division 3 teams competing.
This organic granola is a subtle blend of aromatic barn sweepings and fresh bark mulch.
video was funny
I do like this - great, great find - thx - and I have read some of that book - he's phenomenal - will pick it back up :)
Babay if opposites attract then why are we fighting over our differences ?
Hey ??? Have you or ever called or talked to Kiss FM about getting song played on the radio? :))
James Hook. RT: : James Hook?
Downsizing closets is always a little stressful.
Indeed. Even her smarm is gorgeous.
Nevermind...wrong queen
Relaxing watching FRIENDS an loving life!!!
Who is ready for a new #FGC song???
My weekend plans: A noon screening of The Avengers at today, Van Halen at Saturday & blog work on Sunday.
A killer tire named Robert c:
Started tearing down the burb for new head gaskets today. Hopefully I can finish tomorrow. Thanks Eric, sure you can't come back tomorrow?
Here's a local link you can trust! We're streaming live from The INCREMENT OF 1 Small business summit. #abq ustream.tv/channel/incrementof1
Save the Cow and the Chicken eat more Hot Steamed Crabs!
Me and Laura think & do the exact same things . It's creepy . #Mainbitch <3
he should<33
Biron...it was what (Orpik’s) done all his career & he’s going to continue to do that unless somebody just gets him either w/ a suspension..
Real good, we got to be together with family, my Grandmother had surgery, and it went awesome. Hope your New Years is a blast!
headed to prom with
Hello Savvy interns!
Chicago. Where are you?
#DeepestSongsOfAllTime Hot Problems~
Our says the game will come on Sunday but the lives that have changed as result of #SB46 legacy project will live on forever!
Going to bed now so I can dream about everything I hope and pray to come true<U+2665> <U+25D5><U+203F><U+25D5> <U+262E><U+2605>
my pleasure!
This account has been hacked. 100+ nasty rumor messages sent in an hour. Trying to sort it out. Please ignore messages not from me
chicken nuggets, my fav! Hey Mickey, also another fav.
Meetings with potential new talent today, working on auditions, working on closing out the Friday on a good note, Happy Friday Everyone!
Appreciates the updated Sherlock Holmes. Maybe they'll update their racial politics sometime.
Picking up or dropping off?
Thankful for another day out taking care of my business for my new job god is good now I get married to my amazing wife priceless
#brotips to cold for cutoffs
No problems here - on either Chrome or Rockmelt (built on Chrome).
I'd like to see less restrictions on campaign finance. Not more. It's not possible to regulate.
Wish i were right now - getting some great tweets about all the #music and #food!
Local Retro DTV station's depressing Ad sponsors: Funeral Ins, Rx lawsuits, reverse mortgages, replacement catheters, roach killers, etc.
someone is bored here i'll help you with your boredom follow me
Got me an interview at Guaranty Bank!. :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MISS TARYN! Hope it's wonderful and you're surrounded by loved ones
#Inaperfectworld, my bottle of wine wouldn't end, #JaxTeller would we real, and #CTandDiem would get married.
Any word on the job David Bell's doing as Mgr. here in Louisville? Been to a few games, team seems lost....
I got like an hours worth of work on the outside...Then workshop lockdown!
#OTH never fails to bring me warmth&fuzziness whenever I see #Naley together & now Qlay or is it Cluinn? Whatevs, they're both so adorable!
did u get my tweet , phone acting up
you remember me, huh?
Trying to make me some fake dreads. xDD And that sucks about your shoulder.
if you feel bad you can give your bear a snuggle.....he will make you feel better because he made with so much love <3
Someone has hacked your twitter account. Please change your password
"The reed is the sound"... Eddie "lockjaw " Davis
Back at Atsides today 11-2:30 stop by yesterday was a great day for our Ocala Debut. Kone is King
You have a lot of shopaholic company we won't judge (too harshly).
Network Marketing is not about being good at SALES. It's about having a duplicatible system. That's why anyone can do it.
U have had 3000 followers. U have also had 2000 unfollows
I am finished with the magazine now.
destination day and rain? Uhohs.
Join Amy R.'s 12:00 Power Flow class on Saturday & SAVE YOUR DRAMA FOR YOUR MAMA. "Dear Mama", "The Kids are Alright" "Teach Your Children"
Good morning friends many thanks for coming to the grand opening of Taste & Toast Thursdays last night!
S/0 to the people who listen to real HipHop and understand the art of it.
War zone or tourist trap? Mulling the Korean DMZ
Ew. Retweeting a bible verse is the fastest way to get unfollowed.
yes ma'am! Alright. Bed time. Best of luck with Lion. Goodnight!
Collective unconscious may suspect a species is capable of just giving up and the thought is too terrifying.
Insurance called me back within 60 minutes and gave m a claim number within another 30 minutes. they were great.
Ignorance is bliss.
Thanks so much..
These are the Pieces of Me!
#VerizonWireless thank you for the quick service and turnaround.
Yasss Rih is performing Birthday Cake
nothing definite yet. Email my assistant and she'll email you next time we're over
Good luck Chef Bernard! He's competiting at the RFT's Iron Fork event tomorrow from 6:30-9pm. He is the reigning champ. Bring home a win!
Lots of young men wearing pastel pinks, yellows, and greens. Must be opening day at Keeneland!
That's it everyone! Huge heartfelt THX to all who supported this campaign! We'll announce winners of the 6 BONUS perks tomorrow. G'night!
Thanks so much for the comment, would you wanna S/O for S/O?
You should have been the lead role in "The Sixth Sense"
Finished with theory part of #databasemanagement class. Very interesting, but challenging.
true lol . Whats her name? & no. start talking to her :)
Dinner at the house with the fam
its playing early luv u
I need someone to be my text buddy for tonight
Enjoy Easter Sunday. Life. Breath. Abundance. Redemption. Old things are passed away. All things NEW.
Whatching stomp the yard and listening to chrisbrown !!!!!
New web look! www.rarero.net ! credits to header contest winners for the headers!
lol. Yeah. Y? U didn't tell me you were going
With the multitude of #mobile technologies I have at my fingertips, why do I spend the majority of my day sitting at my desk?
Sorry, but this "Ivy being involuntarily committed and having court-mandated therapy for surfing in a storm" plot REALLY annoys me.
Off to the C3 Breakfast Dialog this morning. Discussing South Embarcadero (UT Stadium Plan). Please say Hi if you see me...
Could we not have coordinated your tweets? Welcome, see ya soon!
You give your community the strength and support they need to improve quality of life and they inspire you to be a better you
Supermarkets have more reduced items on offer late at night.
oh gosh I have a sore throat too but my throat is like closing<U+E407>
This is the first time this season I felt like #TeamBlake could take the show! Brava, Jermaine, brava!
that too....it was an unusually chatty day, friendly. Threw me off a lil. Easy.
Because Perez Hilton IS a monkey!
Why do people always think my name is Rachel? lol
Your booth is SO fabulous - and I love your eco-happiness!
"four-berry coulis" = love.
RT : She bears you nine months. She bears with you the rest of her life.
Hey! Where's the freaking Barroom Chronicles? It's Tuesday already!
I want Potbelly for lunch. I'm hungry already.
do u need someone to put a bandaid on it lol
what? :p haa
If Vols are worth anything next yr McBee could become the next Lofton. Love to watch him shoot. Needs help tonight.
you are very welcome love
When ugly ass guys message you <<<< #smh -______________-
Man that thang get so wet u think u spilled sumthin
Also, just discovered the majority of my shingles are missing from my roof! Woot! Thanks tornado alley!
Thank you penshoppe for bringing Ian Somerhalder in the philippines! <U+2665>
One design presentation down. One new client interview to go. A chilled glass of wine awaits todays success. =)
I read in Variety today that Samantha Barks replaced Taylor Swift in Les Miz! your girl got the boot! :(
please define outclassed... Last time I checked #Lebron has no class!
I noticed that when Joey is in a suit or a tux he has the look of a 1930's Hollywood actor...maybe a past life?
This week gratitude
Gregory's Coffee @ 1411 Broadway is Amazeballs!
Mommy goes back to work part-time Monday after recovering from a broken hip. They wax the floors too much at the Pentagon..I will miss her
Summer is writing time. I am teaching a short course and hope to make it back to S.A. & Belize.
. "I like it, I love it" by Tim McGraw. Nashville Predators version. (goal song) Go Preds!!
so far, the majority says "yes" interesting.
Maybe they were at the hotel?
Norm Duke has gotta be pullin in the ladies..
#Miami Happy Hour Starts in 25 min! $5 wine & cheese and charcuterie platters available at !!!
just so you know, me and that monkey your holding had an 'oh what a night' moment before I gave him to you (:
yarr, gonna do my best. Got a crazy Saturday as it is. But I think Thomas should see Lana Del Rey!
I think you one biased accordion player re: rhubarbwhiskey.bandcamp.com
Hm... RT Yes! RT : Today is National Buttermilk Biscuit Day! Yum...
what about 4 days?
The new Mayor hasn't been in office a full 24hrs and already his approval rating has dropped? OMG
Thank you Richard Chudnow from ! So glad you were apart of "An Evening with the Arts" !!!
No matter how far I go,and no matter how long it takes, no one or nothing can change. Forever yours here I stand!
Rick Perry says there should be a gong sound when Ron Paul blabbers on.
Paradise Fears emailed me....gjshsjfjksbsrhqkdhwjwbjj:D
I'm dying of heat stroke in here
hey txt me if u got ur fone
He only drinks wines from the 60's......1860's
I forgot when i'm in a relationship i can't have any friends
ew. i wonder what ALA has to say about this?
seriously!? ugh
Working on thesis and my mind is spinning on war metaphors
I can't stare t my monitor any more today.
Ohmy yes! I havent been there in forever! : *five gu
aghh that's too far for me to drive. nvmd then lol
How do u dance to this kid?
. I know - super fun. & are some of my FAV events ever. I'm a big supporter. Great to meet you!
Of course. We only represent union teachers.
i love you song smile!!
car, I was all twisted. Haha #fail so bad.
I wouldn't be surprised if Bernie Brewer was on the can while Cesar Izturis was hitting. Could you blame him? Who knew?
There's no cure for a ugly heart
You're still funny as hell- I love your show! You inspired me to lose the rest of my weight & I feel great! Keep up the gd wk
heading out to the Office supply store early this morning to buy a stupid network cable. Just what I love to do !
For Mardi Gras, try the most authentic hurricane you'll find this side of 1955. $10 for 23 ounces of rum goodness!
And you fell victim to my failed attempt to establish lists. I do better with chaos!
will you think about marrying me? ; )
That moment when you realize you haven't tweeted in a week and are like "I had NOTHING to say for a week?! But I'm such a mouthy douche!"
Don't forget to live tweet while attending Our hashtag is
I feel my immortality over sweep all pains, all tears, all time, all fears, - and peal, like the eternal thunders of the deep, i
Got some bacon bitters at :)
I'm so scared that we might lose #GLEERUMMY, guys.
but there's no profile attached to report
A county catalog of available open data? One link, or one page? (More later.)
To quote : This racism is killing me inside!
STUFFING...without a doubt! #mds3180 haha
Haddon has a Twitter? HADDON HAS A TWITTER. HADDON. HAS. A. TWITTER. *happygasp*
!! ": It's strange watching something we lived through not so long ago ... #GameChange"
I hate getting hit on. It makes me feel so fucking gross.
Are you participating in tomorrow? If you are, direct message us with details and we might stop by and pray with you!
Interior Designers: San Francisco Design Center and ASID's Design Resource Day is tomorrow, Wed, June 8th, 11am—5:30pm...FREE, please come!
hey at least I was listening to independent labels, just not on vinyl.
Happy Easter everyone! Hope you enjoy some craft brews with dinner. By the way Troegenator goes great with Ham!
Want to get two months of Latisse for only $85? Ask me how!
*shoots bird* WIN! now its a lot better!
Anyone want a shoutout? (:
TeAmo<U+2665> Matt Hunter:)
THANK YOU. I didn't recall seeing that there before.
Happy Valentines Day everybody, and Happy 1st Day Ever on the Radio Day for me! Thanks Tom Pappas!
Bros before hoes .... MFS in THIS Generation dont do that shit nomore .. These Niggas will Snake they friends for a BITCH smh
FUCK.YES. ONE WEE
HoeLies #64: I love that song.
That's it. I'm too tired (long day at work) & frustrated (#Brewers being the Brewers)! Till tomorrow everyone, goodnight & God Bless. <><
Is there a link for the upcoming performance at Microscope?
better than Anderson Silva? He does exist lol
So if Gingrich thinks someone else is arrogant, how arrogant are they?
Building carpet removal started at 8am. I bet the apartments w/ bedrooms next to the stairwell are loving this.
I ask this girl is she dtf .. Guess what she told me ..!
im off now
Live free
I'm now helping out with media for , a fantastic environmental org!
Thanks for the #FF fun!
SKO, RLO, RIO are other terms for ILO interactive learning objects.
Happy new Year ! 1432 AH
Coyotes up 3-1...also didn't see this coming
Portlander is happy Obama is bringing home the troops, but pissed there will be more people to compete with for jobs.
#UseTittesInAMovieTitle, the day the titties stood still
yeah I'm okay, thanks for asking. If the guard rail didn't stop my truck, I'm not tweeting right now.
Kalleberg: All industrial countries have to deal with how to balance the need for flexiblity with the security of workers
I downloaded it too!!!!!! :D
“: Where is that amazing guy who thinks I'm the one girl he can't live without? #questionsthatneedanswers” I'm asking the same!!
is looking for #Java #Technical #Lead for a #contract #job with large retailer in #SF. Interested candidates must have worked on high traff…
I am in some serious pain.-.
psyched for dinner to honor deborah conrad and
We just did the wave at graduation. Wtf?! Lol
should've come eat hospital food with me!
Is the University Library really a good place to study? I doubt it.
If theres one bug I hate, its the illness bug.
RT : #carmelfarmmrkt Spend a dollar at the market with local businesses, your dollar stays in the community.
Back in the studio after a nice trip to Dallas to see an old friend. Re-connected with Article One band while in the Dallas area also.
Just saved a client $184,000 out of 2.3mil by changing simple material and design items to be more efficient! Now they can build more!
quit rolling around in the flowers ;)
What does everyone think about the new ASU coach they hired?
In the poker room actually playing the right game now. 30k starting stack got about 34k.
Just had an insane dream where I was half conscious and in a world similar to spirited away's and I could play epic theme music on command.
The more you say, the less people remember.
WE appreciate the follow Kristi. WE Liked your FB page and WE're following back.
9-0 Locos. Don't count us out yet! Still another half of football left.
Inline @ smart&final loading up on treats 4my office vend mach;lady Bhind me:"omg do u eat ANYTHING healthy or do u have kids?"
“: INSIDIOUS was great! Could be the best PG-13 #horror movie ever!” agreed!!
Happy Easter!
Never thought I'd say this, but #Bruins PP may be worse this year than last. At least in #NHLplayoffs. If it doesn't get better
Last day with my Mama. I love having her with me... Hopefully she'll be back in Nash soon.
was this a typo?
So I just saw this tweet...smmfh RT : Detroit playing...aye IT'S SO COLD IN THE D :)!!!!... LMFAOOOOOO
not to mention they want to stretch the remainder of episode as long as possible... Well into 2012.
Excited about attending 's BTU course in a few minutes. Lots of hype around his class here at
Chasing Disaster is "Featured Artist" on ReverbNation this week. Also, check us out on itunes, Jango Radio, www.chasingdisaster.com, an...
I don't know...I'm just wanting some change for you, me and Kailynn.
haha yeah i know...i use it mainly to just follow and stalk celebrities...
Being great is not doing better doing what others do. Being great is being better doing what others don't do.
It's never too late to make a career as a b-boy
I bet tomorrow's going to be an awesome day though ;)
Strategic planning session to develop program quality standards. Do I start with what we want or what we have?
thanks for the mention!
6/11 1:40 AM - Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Teddy Smith
Tell your man how sexy he is, take him out to the movies sometimes he likes it just as much as u do
I think my laptop is going down, it's making all these funny noises. Lucky me ... just in time for finals!
Thanks Habs for a wondeful few seasons! It has been great! But I am ready to carry on with a fresh start as a Predator!
i would do anything for an invite;)
MSNBC and the Democrats and Rachel Maddow Crew are Pushing Straight People to Be Gay Minded! its ashamed soon you could marry a Goat!
We support our Brother in faith & prayer & his new album release #ShakeHeaven! Purchase on iTunes TODAY!
Since I do not know the layout of the place I will say out be the sign in area. I can go later for our Central Time Zone folks
can't wait!
#TwSIG Reading from James Hilton: Higher Ed is changing because the fabric of inquiry is changing
#HonestyNight if i wasnt in a relationship i would have been moved to another state
#wildwesley Dance Tonight @ 8pm!!! food too!!
I'm not gonna be home for a while. Gonna have to get ahold of
Cleaning the garage out
I can understand that. Hard enough to streamline my tangled notes/ideas. I can imagine challenge of presenting diss. research.
Need a badd chick aint settlin for less again
<U+FFFD>Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best
Listening the the amazing, inspirational story of Cpl. Chad Pfeifer. Wounded warrior, golf trailblazer, PSCU grad.
Jeff Bridges new album...is really fucking good. The Dude Abides.
"who's the youngest?!"
To paraphrase those old NY Mag bus ads: For God's Sake Don't Make It A Netflix Night. 8pm!
it is amazing. I just have to keep doing the right thing.
bitch u ain't a barbie. I see you work at Arby's. Number 2, super size hurry up I'm starving. Lmao. Miss u !
Msg to Mississippi River: Down, boy...down!
Was given a Palm Pre to demo for a month. Has a nice "feel" so far.
have a safe flight! See you tomorrow.
Don't sit around and try to change your past, when you have your entire future to look forward to.
I'm trying to work and my eyes keep shutting.
Have to refocus myself I forgot what I was about and what I looked forward to its never to late
u super late. I been on here. I didn't know u were on here either tho
Idea Wall
where you at?
oh. And a sun dress. :p
I remember now!
If you were looking for a Greinke bunt there well yeah, NOPE.
What do you think of the new uni's??
Happy Wino Wed! Great wine tasting all day-District T-shirts only $15, and NEW food items on the menu for week. Enjoy.
some dude wit dreads
Sidney Prescott is my favorite! :)
Hold on to your hat! It's windy out there. Careful folks.
- that's typically a good game plan for any day!
Watching hurricane season
I wonder how that hypocrisy feels I just don't how I feel about you now. It's probably a good thing you are only here part of the time
How are You?
I need to get a rush card
what events do you recommend
First problem of the day… solved. Took 4 minutes. There's no chance this will keep up.
I need a haircut
me & my mom are discussing dreams. lol we're watching Nightmare On Elm Street 2 c:
My Quote of the Day - "Everything we see in the world is the creative work of women.", Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
Coders gonna code. Why not invent a new language? It doesn't have to work. It just needs to prove a point.
I got my iPhone from Sprint a couple of months ago. Super awesome.
this girl i hate just requested me on facebook wtf? 0__0
I don't think eating cake at 1 something in the morning is a GOOD idea lol Oh WELL
hello friends if you need a smog check or test only just give us a shoutout and we will be glad to service your vehicle
past about others.
Back to the studio this weekend! YES! FIST PUMP! We will have a new album soon, an honest to goodness brilliant effort is coming.
Thank you
What do you think THE EFFACING is? I'll tell you.... Once it is complete..
spread the word the site needs 60$ of donates to reopen
Loved it. Longest shot maybe by a #Met this season. Mark Reynolds and Adam Dunn hit two epic homers last season at Citi.
take this down!!
we are playing a show with authority zero and voodoo glow skulls on 2/8/12 in buffalo,ny at mohawk place. gonna be a sick show.
A man with one watch knows what time it is; a man with two watches is never quite sure. ~ Lee Segall
When you find out it's Mark Davis, not #Rush or even Mark Steyn, how quickly do you change that dial?
Second time at Eclectic Cafe, and the service was 100x's better than the first time.
so you work for what team?
A7"Great players make the plays theyre supposed to and a few more" Advice of bball coach, made major impact whn applied 2
Terrible service at Bagel Broker in hollywood
Are some good people out there
Uhoh. Here's hoping the birthday celebrating hasn't ruined you. ;) Happy Birthday Weekend!
Getting you to work on time this morning with traffic updates on 93.1 Doug FM.
Guess what happens when you have a vivid dream that you're taking a piss.
We're getting more in for the start of Spring Training! Keep your eyes peeled!
It's always the right time to watch them again! :)
Is it too late to win? RT Who wants to win a surprise? RT this to enter! Hint: it will be made of yarn and awesome.
Nürburgring. That is all.
Yeah, Matt is awesome. Andrew is awesome. It should just be called awesomergy.
Finally get to see my grandpa :) love him so much
How many answers can a raindrop find before it hits the ground?
#NDSA Bob Horton to be speaking later at / NDSA partners meeting, and BTW the Minnesota government is open for business again
Attended the US Green Building Council meeting last night. Saw a lot of friends I hadnt seen since last year. Got a great lead & a good time
“: we are so very proud of you and all you have accomplished.”>>>love u
can't wait!! I'll be here until August! :D
get yours! #Funky7 in downtown #RoyalOak is our exclusive retailer or online at www.southdetroitshirts.com
I always wondered what J&J were up to while Sam & Dean were busy pretending to be them.
topic for video today?
"I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life." (John 8:12 TNIV)
you have terrible customer service and i can happily say i will never purchase anything from your company again.
False alarm, Boy do I need coffee this morning!
lol yes sir just hmu i should b at the house got a meeting at 430
;) always keep a smile even when your day is going bad
I've been doing my chores and just scored a Double Rainbows - Epic Win! www.EpicWinApp.com
yep, I've seen it a few times. Then copied the moves on my drive home.
I hate myself. so so much
Some customers really are the nicest people. Work is going great today.
They make me so tired!
M Thanks for the follow :)
I do remember students studying for their exit competency exams
Ushered last night for free tix to CoSpgs Fine Arts Center performance: Oh Gershwin, I'm Crazy for You!
That sucks. You gotta see The Avengers ASAP though.
i am kicking around registering to do that again. might be a good distraction from all the work around the house when we move in.
confirmed Accessibility Camp DC will be October 9, 2010 at MLK Library & please save date. More information to come. #a11y #508 via
is so annoying! I honestly don't know what the point is..
“: Motorcycle day today! Where should I go!” 20 taps!
I really had fun fa my birthday
Bounce wit it, drop wit it, lean wit it, rock wit it! Aye aye aye aye aye aye aye!!!!!
HEALTH NEWS FLASH - NEW REFORM HEALTHCARE PLAN @ YOUTUBE SEARCH FOR HEALTHINSURANCE411 (STOP BREATHING RX) TELL EVERYONE YOU KNOW!!!!!
Today has been a gr8 day!
Looked at my Facebook pictures yesterday.
is channeling Rihanna in her profile picture!
Oh all the TIME! I would absolutely LOVE that!!! R U serious??
Hey, who is that guy passing out the HH Awards?
aren't all his shows full of joy and one-ness?? lovely, eh??
You're amazing! & a great singer! Keep up the great work! :)
#LoueyGettingSilly RT : Oh my Louie!!! Are you kidding me
me and raque will be there tonight working on our group project
Better day
I will be at NELA booth# 210. Please stop in and say hello. I might be bringing something special for our customers :) Come by and see..
After I learn to rap like Will Smith. ;-)
It's ORD, and it's not even close.
Looking forward to the first Gone Fishing' of the #NBA postseason.
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 28
Yeah! I can take "Cover Girl" off my bucket list now....
dont hold urself down, come back tomorrow and show them whats up!
haha right me either(:< they shouldnt give a fuck about us.!(;
tell them all to move in next door to me hahaha. GET WEED SMOKE WARNINGS ALL DAY NIKKA, ALL DUUAY
NIght tweets! Fully enjoyed my weekend on set, but am definitely enjoying catching up on tv.
I love watching
I'm feeling honored. Kev likes my dice atom shirt. He's all right by me.
I officially know all the lyrics to #SaySomethin (:
Good cigars are a costly pass time. Sometimes I wish I'd chosen something cheaper....
When they ask you why, tell them E S.
I'm putting together a presentation on Leadership - anyone like to throw their 2 cents (or local currancy) worth?
I'm at the Wiz Kalifa er I mean the Burj Khalifa in Dubai, UAE -- tallest structure in the world!
sounded like a white Nintendo DS with zoom.
Can't wait to see you and #team133! Hail to the Victors! Pleaseure to have you in MAIZE N BLUE!
I don't want to live in the reality that I'm in now. I hate that money is the center of everything.... SUCKS! i want my 40hours a week back.
If you can't come to our CT sanctioned viewing party this Fri @ 6pm can u please send Kim Kelly in your place?
Are you really? Small world. I studied advertising until I transferred (when I got married). Then moved to communications.
Owls are cool, right?
turtles are sexy. okay.
Latino night at the bar & grill at the hotel we are staying at.. I am almost fluent in Spanish after listening to this music for 30 minutes
I feel like just staying in and pouting, but then the man wins.
One moment it'd pne thing the next it's another. It's always something tho!
Yesterday we found out that the baby we're expecting (12/23/10) is going to be be a girl! I'm very happy.
I'm down
G'morning to all my Tweetsters! Hope everyone has a great day!
Its sad how one day someone can make you feel special and then the next your nothing c:
You should hunt out a few local geocaches.
bwahahaha! We were just talking about AG on the dispatch homegirl.
I am in love with my sports class. Watching a documentary today on Jesse Owens. Not too shabby.
talk to me why don't you talk to me can't u see Im burning up when ur looking like that and I'm looking right back why don't u talk to me;)
no..b/c that caretake album is amazing..while the remasters are neat ..but idk..i am kinda getting burnt out on K. Shields PR stuff
just woke up from nap. So far feeling better. May attempt solids soon.
No, I guess they're policy/advocacy groups. But is there money enough to fund a PAC to the point it'd get anywhere?
J.P. Morgan New York City Headquarters, November 13 Apply by: October 23 Open to: Women in their soph/ jr year jpmorgan.com/winningwomen
With some authentic Mexican babyback ribs! RT Tweet us how you’re celebrating Cinco de Mayo tomorrow!
what did you do?
hi I sent an email on Thr but got no response. I didn't include my address - should I ? Wishing you a great day!
Need to focus on teaching community to use maker tools instead of the quality of the content?
zimmerman is hispanic
Baby lemme put my body on your body. Promise not to tell nobody cuz It's bout to go down.
School is hitting hard again for me too :( Who assigns a 10 page paper and presentation for the day after sb?
OMG 1,020 Followers! Muah Time For A Contest
When my mom tells me to clean my room for the cleaners to clean it, it really gets my goat... #doesntmakesense <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0091>
Adult fleas you see on your pet are only 5% of the fleas present!- The other 95% live in your carpet, on your furniture and in your yard.
that sounds wonderful! Let's make sure to find each other. Safe travels!
I Hate You ! Seriously !
All of the strangers like me best today. I'm God's favorite.
Please join Freedom Ford in making the Right Choice!
So what's the solution? My iPhone 4 worked great, however my 4S is very inconsistent.
Awh again? What about going to bed in time for once? ;) No tv shows or whatever ;) <U+2665>
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.-Vince Lombardi
At work, feeling like blah
..if you peek at the comics, it's his signature T. Such a great episode! After Sunday, we'll be on pins + needles until 2013 ;)
I half expected Zakk Wylde to walk out on stage after that Trivium song and shout "DOUCHE!"
fuck it. bricks have to get thrown sometimes.
REALLY?! <3 oh my gosh.
you mixtape is fire that one of your haters hear and gag lol love sorry i couldn't party you tonight Ms Blanco
I'm in class right now tweeting you
Fans of #HipHipPOV over here!
Hey everyone, what's your favorite sandwich from The Daily?
sorry, I was going for smarmy, not naive. I'm sure Mitt will have more, er, "flexibility" once he's elected.
haha glad you like it! :)
Theres no stopping us right now. I feel so close to you right now.
About to head to American deli for these phillies ^.^..but first I need gas -__-
Most people who are unhappy, are the ones who have the least to be unhappy about!
I'm a rare bird - I involuntarily switched from mac back to pc. It's like trying to breath air underwater without a scuba gear.
Dangerously Delicious Pies is running dangerously low on pies right now.
Being single is much more wiser than being in a wrong relationship.
Listening to Superman by Joe Brooks from his new CD Constellation Me. Check it out now!!!
Then you are in luck, because they are changing the pages design to Timeline so it will be what you are used to
yes, but not by choice. Those dang gnats fly into my eyes, nose, mouth. I take it you are getting your fair share?
Tell no lie THAT'S THE THING I DON'T DO!
Why not meet your new follower.
We know it's #Fridaythe13th which is supposed to be bad luck but at least it's FRIDAY!
Ha! "Several archivists...declined invitations to repeat history and leak the full version of the Pentagon Papers to The Times."
lmao I know right we can't hang lol smh I still trip off the fact that I'm 22
Players were tired of playing wit Coach Mike so they came over. U know nobody likes playing for that guy.
i used to dress like a punk, in 7th grade like i had the haircut, the piercings clothes..everything i was a #hottopic addict ~
The show is on now! Tough Love- New Orleans!
Lights; Elli Goulding <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Casper is darker than you are trick!!!
Ok, is that snow flurries I see?
“: That Nickleback concert was fantastic!” <3
you better not ! -_-
of course !
A quiet sneeze on the metro conveys more urgency and emotion than the most hysterical all caps tweet.
I love you wifey!!!
Broken link?
Excited about being in the summer catalogue. Thanks
We're thinking June 2013
Smells awesome outside.
Scroll one
Hey guys jus dropped by this account to say hello *waves* been a while^^ once again I started a PA account so please follow my new c-
can't Text my phone is off.
Kids playing yu-gi-oh in the music commons <<
hey guys, its pilar (: i havent been on alot, i've been busy. -.- but daniella has been on and now ill start getting on more too :D
“ “ haaahaaa , obama supports same sex marriage .””
"Everyone is working for the weekend!" We are hard at work on our 2012 fabric collection.. stay tuned. Happy Friday!!
12/12/12, mark you calendar RT : The state of Wisconsin is voting on a proposal for Aaron Rodger's day today?
Good morning =) RT : Good Morning Love
Listening to some big band swing Jazz...
RTOREWARDS has leveled the playing field! RTO companies can now take advantage of an affordable customer loyalty and gift card program!
good luck! Post the cmls link!
Really?! As if one train wasn't enough?!
when one of your so called friends do the fakest shit to you. <<<
Can people stop bullying I thought Gaga stood for loving everyone the way they are. Common people. Rep her well <U+2764>
Yes! To Cookies was a big hit at the Austin American Diabetes Association (ADA) Walk on Saturday. A LOT of people liked the cookies!
Money doesn't talk, it swears.
As a means to success, determination has this advantage over talent - that it does not have to be recognized by others.
Of course!
no problem:)
Its crazy how we always speak on the internet or on the phone, but in person it's like I'm not even here. :-/
Darft and develop went out the window the second Peyton inked the contract
If you're important to them they will always find a way to make time for you. No excuses, no lies and no broken promises.
This wind is horrible. I'm so uncomfortable. #turkeyfry. Chairs are blowing! Beer almost blew over!
I am hungry for chick fil a... Ordering 5 chicken sandwiches
lol well it may be better but now I'm hungry for something good hahaha like Tacos!! Ok yay glad u got it, was messing up earlier
No way I can second guess AJ.
LOL YOU SILLY
I needed a rain jacket for two years and I FINALLY got one a couple months ago and it is a life saver
I'm following my friend!!!
Maybe I'm just hopelessly hemmed in my my own edu experience and can't imagine new ones. But for me, personal connections w profs was huge +
Did not see #hungergames yet! Don't spoil it, Twitter!
Moving some big ol' files with TransferBigFiles
BGen Andre Sayles "I stayed with the Army for one reason: to help our #veterans." veterans hiring forum.
I wanna go back to bed. Now<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Wasn't that a neat story?
RT : "These hoes call me Melly baby" - do I smoke weed tell dem hoez 2 smell me baby
how did I get included in shitty Jayz lyrics?
Watching ATL get their ass handed to them
I know I am so excited I honestly don't know how I'm gonna wait that long <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
#NewOrleansSaints suspended Coach Sean Payton wont be sidelined completely. He's agreed to coach his 12 year old son's football team
On twitter on the iPad it's so cool lollx
I registered for LIS 522: Collection Development and LIS 596: Professional Portfolio this morning. These classes start on 3/26!
Guess its time to get motivated and enjoy this day....
RT : It's never too late - never too late to start over, never too late to be happy. -Jane Fonda
i remember that ... that was crazyy but i loved the view :)
Ragtime at Duke blew me away. Great performers and the large all-cast numbers were incredible!
Wow. Just wow.
- that sounds like daydreaming...
lmaoo my phone is messed up
Same Here!!! But We Open One (: Merry Christmas!! <333
Mississippi Street Fair tomorrow?
So yeah it was definitely Alli.
Yes, it matches our new fb color!
wedding Dresses
iight i got you in the am. Im about to knock out lol
We are following you
DJ is finally crawling!
Thanks for your Workers Unite poster -- you are credited for your nice work! Great image to rally and educate folks.
Glad your civic duty won't get in the way of promoting your book. I can rply w/ questions. thx!
Im somewhat dressed like a candycane. it's the best I could do w/ the things in my closet. white long sleeve w/ extremely sparkly red shirt.
Christmas sweater shopping at goodwill.
Closed tonight for maintenance, metal flame retrofit.
Oh you know, just making me feel great. Got about three hours of sleep and have work in four hours hollaaaaa
find sumthin to do
only 7 more hours of work for the week then about to go Hammah Montana
Could see wind gusts to ~30mph as remnants from today's storms move through #Madison area. Lone Rock reporting 25mph gust.
Whose excited for 's Birthday this Saturday?!(:
Challenge accepted. I like my chances.
Test tomorrow, classes...then special time with Colton! <3
Oh... come on! Let's go to medical.
Holtby is playing amazing tho. what id do to be in his shoes,
Woke up late :/ heading to school I have 3 before in late
We've got your HH plans, join @ Bar Louie from 4-6p (at the corner of 6th and Colorado) for a FREE martini and small plate!
Weeks keeps the rally alive with a single up the middle... #canyoufeelit ????
“: Rep Stanton..what happened to black folks in this country was.. wrong, what has been done to gay folks is no more right #coleg”
Seven more days of school.
Amazing rehearsal today.......cant wait to headline HOB Sunset on Saturday April 23rd!!
John Daily... I hate to burst your bubble, watching your show does not make me want to fuck
Shrimp tacos were a big hit! Way better than last time.
Forget the calendar - I know it's Spring when I switch from hot to iced coffee. thanks,
You guys are literally sweet! RT Thx ! We like your #chocolate word play!
i cannot stop eating the Doritos locos tacos. I have had 8 in the last 24 hours.
Last one! She hoped that everyone drinking had pre-arranged rides home. Correct?
thanks for the follow at DINKlife!
I want some fries
ha ha you know I'm doing be same ma! Lol just wanted to check in with ya
thats a lie . Biebers made up cause they are jelous. Im a belieber and directioner. Dont get me wrong..
A person can't control there feelings , love a very strong emotion you can't abuse it , do you ?
oh cool
bubba said he was tired all last week
if you aren't going to respond to personal communications, be courteous enough not to send me garbage.
I have been out of town...sorry for the late thank-you! I really appreciate the
Happy Wednesday! What have you guys been up to?
But were they pix of HER baby? RT Jessica Simpson sold baby pix to People Mag for $800,000
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>lol it's only right
I know!
AAU and other sports I miss it man love you!
My 1000th tweet goes out to my prom date, , Counting down the days til the 19th (and then June 1st ;) haha!) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
family stuck at SFO because our flight was oversold.#ruinedchristmass I guess if we paid the xtra seat fee we could've made it home
Where my strong independent motivated ladies at??? Let's party :)
Free knot
Get that rest beast! I'm there Sunday. Row 15 on the 5 yardline in a yellow monkey suit! After your 3rd TD, point up 2 me!
#Hairsalons & #stylists How much $$$ are U losing in missed appts? Our built in scheduler sends #text reminders direct 2 UR client's
any chance of shooting you on the beach today before the event tonight? we never get the beach shot in nyc!
#20ThingsAboutMe I hate shiten in public places...
Rest in Peace, MCA.
No im not acting funny...thats just me in my mood
hollball when are you gonna make your Twitter name hollball
A true friend gets you a case of Anchor Steam as a graduation present.
Man asked me to make him copies. Um, no. Make them yourself at the *public copy machine*.
thank you my dear. You're my favorite girl across the pond! Xoxo
its the so what u want to talk about
Having said that, I can see why you would feel that way.
Talking on the phone with
I'll do it for you!
Thank you so much!
Dems should've backed her in 2008, but at least she got to add Sec of State to resume.
lol idk what work is lol I need a J.O.B. Jock off buddy lol I'm gonna hit the gym then lake
I would have presented at #FLACon2012 this year, but they denied my application for "Librarians & Pantsuits: a Match Made in the Stacks"
confession...katy perry radio on pandora is helping the morning hum along.
"I'm feeling a lotta heat coming up off that couch man!"- DMX in BELLY
Anyone feel like getting our HC logo tattooed on them? Could be something in it for you
Outie 4 2 Day G.F.B. Damage Mode 414.Its Problems Bitch.M.P.
215 :) ...made my weekly weight goal this morning. Wasn't easy this week. 215 is a decade low weight.
I'm trying to find the words to describe this girl with out being disrespectful
Heart OK. Hit head this week. All good darling thank you! XX
I hate it that NARAS/ LA hosts the Grammys in music capital of world and we do not get to see it live on TV
That is wonderful! Congratulations, Seth!
Who else is excited for #smbmad with tomorrow?! (Our hand is raised)
Ugh. Koalas aren't even smart. Though in fairness, you'd be a dick too if you tried to live on nothing but eucalyptus.
so cute! love!
If I could trust you to bring it back...but, no, this is the third one I've had to build, & the parts alone cost more than $100.
I saw the rats brain lmao xD
I did ok surprisingly! lol I don't remember my score-but it was good enough to get into college & that was good enough for me :)
I'm going to like this.....if I get that far. It's coming together.
Thanks for the garden tips! This spring will be a seedling experiment.
Everytime I look at you, you make me smile, everyday I see you I get butterflies. You make me happy everyday i see you.
Do your prefer red or white wine, ?
fuck you Ferny I an 5'3 okay!! So shut up!
shoutout to the chick looking for baby daddy number three who still doesn't know that sex won't make him love you.
its not like he did anything last year anyway.
Happy 4th everyone! Can't wait for fireworks!
u are the most AWSOME 11 year old in the world !!Sincerly , ever 11 year old in the world!! Your a big inspiration! Thx 143
Hi WRASTeam! We sent you a copy of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We'd love your feedback! www.twintapes.com Tks!
They are, but this was an opener. But they crammed a lot in to 45 minutes.
I'm not sure what that means...
Been so long I forgot the name of your website. Shoot it 2 me Ma.
watching 'Kontroll' actually makes Budapest look fun. dirty fun. everybody is spitting.
and my brother driving like somebody damn grandfather we ain't going never get home!
This world is cold.
yes please rate us!
you just married a Muslim??
Gettin my hair done!
Me too. #ROC is definitely unique for its size.
Girls are beautiful
We're still setting up. Check back 2p.
what's new Mike? What new tunes/artists have you been spinning these days?
nice! lol. just saw this...my twitter has been down 'til now.
Right back at you!
Expecting a bundle of joy this spring or summer? Let yoga help you get ready with our Preparing for Birth with Yoga - Sun. 12:30-3:30pm
Alot of my ex's ain't doing shit wit they life........The nerve of you bitches
In the studio shooting while listening to Diver Down.
FINALLY tried the Barrie burger & it was delicious!
Why won't John Chambers step down?
yeah ive noticed and ive been blocked 3 times by girls cause I am a guy
The biggest mistake you could ever make in life, is fearing that you will make them.
Where did you start? Are you doing producing or just mixing for now?
Just read this today, very true -> "I wish people looked like their personalities"
Providing green cleaning products for a better future! Safer is better! Call us today (586) 663 0054
how long are you in cleveland for?
Nah, I still think the Heat will win. Indy's chances DID improve tho
Did you get the jumps from yesterday?
come on guys! 4 more likes to 1000, help us do it!
LMAO!! I'm glad you tweeted about it! :)
no way!! You live 45 mins from me!!! Cool
- aha! Thanks for clarifying that. I saw the fb post and then nothing in the Sun ... April 1 indeed.
: It's pretty good.
Still trying to conduct work -_-
Its hard to make plans when you don't have a plan to make one..
Let it be known. Kettle cracked pepper chips do not agree with my taste buds. Ew.
SOB's this Wednesday...8pm sharp! U heard?? lets do it one mo time for 2011
Just saw a tesla getting off the ferry, first one I've seen driving around! Electric blue, and dirty!
Damn im so determined 2get dis job.
water taxi FTW!
I miss her. Where u been ma!?
did the goat bite you?
thats fine we can make that happen ...
Unfollowed someone 5 xs and it keeps following her back on its own. Wouldn't be an issue if she didn't think I was a devil worshipper.
Brett Jackson, who has struggled over the last week, has been on base twice tonight with a single and a walk
Anyone else think President Grover Cleveland looks like Ed Rooney in Ferris Bueller's Day Off? At least from his picture as 22nd President.
RT got my ride "imported" from FL. " is looking for some new interns... Must be awesome."// is awesome.
But outta pot!!!!!
everything is so funny today
have to go with Messi. He has fans in his home country plus his current/former teams. Reach of soccer more than NBA
That was my son hiding my face. He is much more concerned about privacy issues that I. ;)
FaithPerez4 thanks for following me on Twitter!
Just talked to my beautiful Lovely Grandmother!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764> she jus made me shed tears of joy! Nbs. Iaint sheded a tear n a min I'm <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> for her tho!!
Nice! Thank you! I'm glad you had a good time. Both were real passion projects - built on blood, sweat, and tears. Salud!
thanks for the mentions today. We appreciate the support of keeping Jazz and its history alive.
Stuck in NYC. Misses my flight. Nothing going out tonight. Headed back to the city. FML
we've got joe cockers mad dogs and englishmen up ... But only because the cover is hilarious. Might need to reconsider that one.
I really want to watch the okc-lal series but I don't think I will ever make it to the end the 1Q
Saw Richard Stallman speak at UMD yesterday. Some good stuff, but the guy seems a little psychotic to me, albeit pretty smart...
40 oz's for 4 dollars at the bar. #vintage #mke Now time to get wasted at the wonder bar
lol u dumbass why u never call me slut
Tweet deck setup complete
Feeling sick :/
Damn. now my batting average will dip.
Oh dear, another crazy Canadian! lol
I am SO sorry about those ignorant "ICONiacz". They thought they were cool and funny, they weren't.
How many times, how many ways do I have to say, "the offer was rejected"? I feel like the mom of a 5-YO who is trying to wear me down.
Forget Selena. Forget Justin. Forget Jelena. Turn your iPod and listen to his music. Appreciate it. Not him. His music.
HI I WANT A BOYFRIEND.
Awesome. Flight is delayed an hour...
hi.. do u think i could intv u on your search for airfare deals?
#smx The lady who printed the badges...I really appreciate her beauty. Oh yea...the FB ecosystem...wtf lol?
I don't know! I think we've ran out of time! I may just order one online. :(
Puckett goes hard to the basket and gets hacked. Makes 1. Kings up 29 to 15. 34 seconds left in 1st.
Vandys 3 point shooting is crazy.
yes that's me
Lepore says democratic playing field leads to seeming in#civility -- more people participate-- not only the polite classes participate
I'm so mad. My Friend got Vlados. The grey and pink ones. So jealous.
I love when my Pandora gives me a little Journey pick me up. You know me oh so well.
One day of doubt will create 365 days of pain..God hates complainers and his only concern is your FAITH.
RT : Alison St. John, KPBS: Helpful to compare cities when pointing out a problem; gives context, illustrates the...
Ready for the disaster that is gonna happen after tomorrow.
Nice pass iggy.
NEVER give up!
so sorry for your loss (whenever it was).... Much love
RT Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today!
Man - live it up. It's all down hill after 25! Haha...
'Model food' is really not that bad once you get used to it... ;-) Hey it's healthy!
My contribution ...
Robin! We are ready to list your property when you are! Let me know and ill send agreement and rentals your way!
It's 61 out but it's freezing in my room!
During a Cubs broadcast, the late Harry Caray said: "There's Marla Collins & she's not wearing her shorts today." Do you remember?
At my desk. (@ Webb PR HQ)
When my mom buys the stuff i dont like at the store<<
HUGE turnout! thanks :) RT : No problem! Hope you had a great turnout!
my eldest is toughest. Always has been. What's amazing is that he is easier than he was...there's hope
I weight myself every day and have been doing it for years now.
Hi Jemima, sorry to be a bother but I'd really like to get in touch with you about a reporting grant. Melody ()
Have to stop playing lacrosse games like hockey games.
The way to combat noxious ideas is with other ideas. The way to combat falsehoods is with truth. Douglas, William O.
Discover Links Using Google Analytics New Backlink URL Report
Woke up this morning thinking bout oomf
he did the first verse at this concert way back. There was like 50 people in the crowd, that far back.
Cougars take down defending College World Seres champs Gamecocks! College of Charleston 4 South Carolina 3
We've been trained in the master class. It allows us to avoid stabbing others with a fork.
Thank you so much for your information.
yeah, that's what I was thinking too. Just thought I'd double check (:
Need money for a student project? TODAY is the last day to submit GRANT applications. Send to
happy holidays to you too!!!
the government's not trying to charge more for light bulbs, the George W. signed bill wants us to use less electricity.
thanks alot. i appreciate that man
i need new friends...
haha its fine. And thanks :) they just got up on Facebook. Lol
Writer's tip: Your work space should be just as comfortable as your sleep space. There no need to suffer for your art unnecessarily.
GM everyone :-)
My dad stay commenting on my Fb
The last two sessions I have gone to have been filled up.
Lansing, MI!
You don't need anybody that does not need you. Focus on those who truly appreciate you & get rid of those who don't.
Current fashions set the pace....lose your step fall out of grace....
"so much of America needs to be rebuilt"
haha. NEITHER would I.
did not anticipate that my new job would involve, in part, tearing the front covers off mass-market paperbacks no one wanted ("strippables")
i love ashley benson! and it reminded me of alison on pretty little liars when she died
S/O showin love at Rush Street with my amazing manager
What's a nice way to describe someone not so smart?
what part of town are you in?
RT : Petting one happy cat.
Did you know that we now have Sororities and Fraternities on campus? See what is doing to spread the gospel!...
watched the movie twice, only in our modern age could the #STOPKONY message spread take the time and make him famous
Used Montenaes I.D. got some free food on campus ...one good thing I can say about us "looking alike"
The enemy will do anything in his power to bring you down, but the wonderful thing is God's power will always be greater!
Gingrich is a clown! Child janitors, urban jobs, welfare...he doesn't have the slightest idea what he is talking about...
got to play above board! Plus we know who are followers & active tweeps are! Cmon Son!
included in macquery's settlement. Not telling you to shut your mouth
What part of Northern VA are you from?
Things always find a way of getting worse rather than better.
your tweet was on TV and I also am from San Antonio !!!!(:
Hi Thx 4 following All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Ltd Time offer Contact
Kenny Powers is alive!!!
lmao i never got your text
You know who put together a great Bob Dylan playlist on ? , that's who.
Perm Position - 75k - 95k - Marketing Database Analyst - client service-oriented with a strong combination of analytic and programming capa…
wow! I didn't kno that! She good. She's grown as a hell
been a while. How's everything going?
Next week is probably the best option for me. I have a class Tues & Thurs & have to fit everything else in between.
Text received: "You'll never believe this… But that bitchy oboe girl that caught on fire is here and we're in the same room."
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: "it's not all bad."
#OWS DON'T THINK FOR A MOMENT YOU SPEAK FOR THE YOUNG AMERICA'S.. YOU DON'T WE DO!
I predict that the next disruptive innovation in technology will be wireless charging for handheld devices.
Not leaving till she's over!!!!!
Add Fairfield to the list of DI schools offering a basketball scholarship to Homestead junior Luke Worthington.
Precisely. Brutal night. #BabyNoLikeyDairy RT : (OR HAVE A NEWBORN)
Hitting up 90's night tonight ! Happy Belated Birthday !
#Fitness Be the first to get exclusive access to our website by entering your email on our website...No spam we promise!
Hope all of you, especially the writers, are taking the day off and having a very HAPPY EASTER!
I'd text but I'm dead on my feet. Talk tomorrow? You guys are my drug!
Next pitch - bring #solarpower to Liberia.
Deadline to turn in final edit of Kings....June 30th. Feels like these rewrites will never end...
Founders Award recipient David Johnson understands the meaning of giving people dignity. Thanks David.
thanks for the RTs
RT : I recently adopted a highway, since I am unfortunately unable to have a biological highway
My cat just ran from a fly. A fly that was stuck on its back. What a wimp.
Taking my senior heads this summer
I LOVE LOVE catching up with the bestie I love you and thank you for everything :D
#wwhl Harold is awesome! Uchiko is the best of the Top Chef restaurant I have eaten at out of the 15 I have been to.
haha, awesome :) i am so mad i couldn't go lol
#TheAvengers was everything I wanted it to be and more! Such an awesome movie! I can't wait to see it again!!!
We'll b serving up your favorite hot dog today at K-Mart on US 31 South in Greenwood..hope to see you there...
Looking at drawings for our church expansion. Excited for that day!
i'm just gonna go smoke a joint.
Don't waste time .
Music, Corporate & non-profits trust us for CD/DVD duplication, printing & custom t-shirt printing. San Antonio & South Texas trusted.
making Joel homemade pizza, baking him a two tear cake, and checking movie times for Dark Shadows. #datenight (:
on the bright side, its an easy transition from nominal amounts of sleep to *no* sleep.
Scientists say we use only 10% of our brain. Imagine how much better the world would be if used the other 60%.
Our phones fall, we panic. Our friends fall, we laugh.
I like that you use oy vey in daily convo, our plan to secretly convert her is working!
Looks like I'm the only #superluser not @ PAX: Dev or PAX. Yay for me.
Oh that should say automatic
Well, her heroes are those hack reality stars like that Bethanny troll and Kim K.
Timeline is soonish. I'd like the survey asap. Final question is contact info to schedule the interview in 1-2 weeks.
There is so much going on in The Avengers that you don't need the needless distraction of 3D.
RADAR's gonna get on that! Thanks for the tip!
I have been waiting for approval for over a week. What's up with that?
Can we add /bartender to the slash list? If yes, that about sums up my Cathy CHOCOLATE CHOCOLATE ACK life in Austin
MSMQ: Modeling is a way to make explicit our assumptions about our premises.
RT : Perfection is not a destination, it is a process. Be tireless in your pursuit of your calling. Work at it.
Gimme a follow so I can respond to yer message. Also, Hi!!! ::waves::
Stay tuned for our lookbook (coming soon)
Holiday pod preordered. Bring on those holiday games, walt!
hi haven't been on all day. But what u mean by this? Gmt + 8.... i'm in yo future. :)
announcers are giving the players shit about not picking up the fumble, but they also thought it was incomplete
#workday16 continues to support iPhones and iPads and HTML5 compatiable devices. New looks and feel.
my quote <3
~ Said no one ever.
hahaha ok :D
Oh! Did you get to see the ducks?
three dope ass mixtapes droppin this year... "No Gimmikz "Welcome Home" and "Behind the Make Up"
I think bringing Gibby is a brilliant idea=) just saying. haha
You help those who have helped themselves and I have done all I can.
damn you vitamins... you make my tummy hurt.
The dream I had>>>>
Praying helps everything(:
American mannie was saying he visited a town called wick to his friends. So I decide to scream out me IM A WICKER :D :D :D.
all over the place lol
Walking around promoting and such!
Happy Monday from Ameba! What projects are you tackling this week?
RT : Good luck in #greekweek bowling tonight!!
it was always cool
:) Thank you!
#TeamTatu It Time to get that tatt!
I dare you to go to McDolands and order everything on the menu then ask for a diet water with a stright face! =P
Cal & Ricky interviewed together by could be either and A or an F. I'm honestly hoping for the latter.
My rangers timeline is all proud of their 7 run lead over a 16-19 team. Royals did that with an 8 run cushion. PREPARE FOR A 2 GAME SWEEP
I'm gonna unfollow you just for posting that nasty ass shit.
does campus cookies deliver to Philadelphia??
u knw were there bro
Fuck. Migraine off and on most of the day. Isn't helping my foul mood.
THANK YOU. J school made me realize how many J students absolutely do NOT understand what "freedom of speech" means.
glad you enjoyd it.
good luck
Aw yeah pancakes and sausage
My Favorite Pop is PEPSI .'
Guerilla=Social...not obvious if done well. Lack of estab social sponsor platforms hurt properties
Had a fun afternoon with the camera today. Will post the pics this week
My bed has never been so happy to see me <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Fabulous suggestions and beautiful photos :) Thanks for sharing!
Be different, be unique, have a personality.
will look over them further later, but do we have to write an acknowledgment section? I looked on your blog and it wasn't there.
Man, at this point they should just turn 16 & Pregnant to "6 & Pregnant"!
Another great morning at Fitness by Design! Nothing beats helping people work toward their goals!
went out 2 tie down the patio cushions...almost became part of the scenery wit mother nature fartin all over the place
what's the best secret santa gift you've ever given or received? ($20 limit excluding gift cards)
I haven't seen you...in forever. Or it just feels like it. I think it's been a week. Hahaha
My magic 8 ball says The Artist and Hugo will take the most oscars... Of the two, THe Artist will take Best Picture.
I'm Always Gonna Be Here To Help Out A Close Friend<3
Today has been amazing but im so tired
I think it flows better & ends with more pizazz.
ha- amazing
Happy Easter everyone.
Wrap up comments from Mike Myer, editor of The Intelligencer and moderator of Thursday's gubernatorial debate held in Wheeling follows:
It's not like that for alotta cats nowadays. They just throw out evrythng. The internet has changed that & so has our generation's attn span
Holler! Thanks for the follow , definitely one of my favorite new joints in town!
Do you realize the 850 billion dollar bank bailout is greater than the entire running budget of NASA over the last 50 years? - Neal Degrasse
go looki at my background on twitter Those pics, would u please be able to put all those photos from that day on <3 xoxoxo
Went to a fun. show last night; it was magnificent! They are such an amazing band. Everyone should own a copy of Aim & Ignite!! <3
well and a Michael Kors bag.
Bouta go get my girl from work and go have dinner!
B rose
You were awesome! Everyone loved it... THX!!!
showers? we off that !
Excited to now offer the service of eyelash extensions! If ur in Orlando florida & want them let me know! Awesome intro special price!
Like Please Stop Being So Perfect Right Now .....But There's Nothing You Can Do About It But Keep On Listening To It
Now you know how opponents feel after you SWAT them @ Rupp and the crowd goes Nuts!
Planning to >> hiya! : Are you going to join our #REOnline chat?
Poker 2 hours ago. Shooting for Saturday morning starts now. No sleep, Perfect!
they make their living that way so who knows if it will work
you were amazing on rosie! we had a tiny desk concert on my iphone tonight while eating dinner...so proud! xox from sd!
love it!
haha. just woke up. recovering : /
Happy National Pancake Day! I think that deserves a pannenkoeken or two. I'm obsessed with the hummus and pannenkoeken chips... give it...
DRAGON BOAT RACES ARE COMING SOON! celebrate with a dragon boat sticky rice (with meat or soy) yum
I love how your sticking up for your friends:')
two thumbs way up
tell her to dm him now
lol yesh. part of my job is to become an uber twitterer so i shall be 'twittling' in earnest from now on :D
planning E's graduation party & need party ideas (particularly invitations)! Was thinking bunting, but is that too baby-showery these days?
Go check out the Paradise Fears Michigan Street Team :) Help get their likes up to 100 Let's do this turtles <3
Sweety pie has to return to work tomorrow. Building custom guitars at while I'll be sleeping & reading all day. :)
your moms a whore !
i hear you. Glad these games sandwich my son's own 2 games today. Otherwise, would be complete couch action here too.
You guys are another best kept actors secret! Rock on!
Please RT our previous tweet to all of your followers ... thanks in advance!
Why am I in the woods again
Adding LVS to our list of clients. Will send company info to Talent in the monthly NL. Need you to handle requests.
Pickup Line: Is it that cold out or are you just smuggling tic-tac's.
better or worse than "can i get a retweet?"
I love seeing new talent in LA <3
Appreciating a storm is the best trick of all.
tell us something we don't already know.
Thank you for the RT!
when is your next album out?
#WhatGetsMeMad these new #Nike #NFL uniforms! They look like XFL jerseys!
I can't wait for friday!!!
Don Trip - Letter To My Son ft. Cee-Lo
Only I would be cooling down in the gym lobby to NKOTB on my ipod.
May be chilly today into night but it'll be dry!
I'll go there
Im in a constant state of exhaustion when the #Brewers are in town, but it doesn't stop me from frequenting Miller Park..
Hello (: Follow me , please that's my dream (:
omg that sucks, just close your eyes. Aha xD
Cespedes would have been a great pickup to add in the middle of the O's order and would have created the best outfield in baseball
nice helmets Oregon has!!!(:
hahahah there ya go! :)
In the cut in the cut rollin sushi up
Who's ready for the Monday night jam session It's gonna be great! 626 S. Spring St.
shine shine shine your beacon brightly upon the totality of your being. :).
Who do you refer for appliance repair and installation?
Congratulations Dallas Mavericks... Great Game!
Joseph Kony needs to go to hell
I'm in! RT You know who I want to have on the show soon? and
#ThatFeelingYouGet after a Shoe Shine. Ready to take on the #world! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A1>
yea do that
Every so often, I like to go to the window, look up, and smile for a satellite picture.
Cities in Massachusetts, State of Massachusetts Cities ...
that picture u posted yesterday sis.
Sorry we didn't get to talk last night!!
yep! I'm watching tv on hulu
rule no. 1 don't air dirty laundry on twitter
You got it!
we very sensibly close between christmas and new year's. back with bushy tails and bright eyes on jan 2. babies welcome!
LOL I just went to this house party last saturday & Wellington was there haha :)
Totally RT : Steelers are still hotter
International Women's Day Celebration & Fashion Show is from 2-3pm TODAY in the International Connections Lounge!
I jest of course. I didn't even watch the game. I paid bills and consoled myself with chocolate and Battlestar Galactica.
It is raining.
If you are trying to impress her, try looking at her eyes and telling her "exactly" what you are thinking.
lol next time i do my hair and take a picture i will try that!!:) and good night!!:)
Why do I think that George Lucas has a little people fetish?
I went from combat rock to goo goo dolls
il tweet it
Ignite Your Growth filling up-sign up now for Social media session-www.tgignite.com
Westchester putting a wrap on it up 21 with 5 minutes to go
Accomplishing My Goals And Making My Dreams Come True <3
Election Day Today. Exercise Your Right. Vote!
would love to go
loves u guys too!
: Its only right. With a few beverages...I'm thinking we have at least 4 games in the Finals to pull this off.
Thanks, Jeff:) I LOVE Teachercast!!!!
LA heat has me thinking about electrolytes - K, Na, Chloride, Ca, Mg, Hydrogen phosphate and Hydrogen carbonate! Yay science and chemistry!
RT : Thank you from the Harp and Shamrock for the best potato soup ever!
i don't care that we lost....you guys played amazing and you made the mavs sweat with your shots! #GoSpursGo!
Have you seen that movie suck about vampires? I like it.
who will?
A8: Anyone from the #TECHmunch Tampa crew!
J.R. Smith is on fire!!
I know. I saw all the youtube videos on it and I was like :o I need one and so I got one. :)
win against the Bears and a loss to the Pats.
Whats wrong with it besides it being in Chicago? lol. Ill be there in 1 week for a layover to Vegas
Thanks for the follow Lakesha!!
She put that bottle to her head and pulled the trigger.
You can help in making your grass healthier, prolonging the life of your turf with Sergio’s Landscaping lawn winterization...
Saw the fake pic of Bin Laden. Would you want to see the real one?
The measure of success is not whether you have a tough problem to deal with, but whether it is the same problem you had last year
Come on #CUSE its jugular time! Stop toyin w/ this scrappy little team n put them outta their misery!
yo im in pgh for the week we should def try to get together
hey who won the last #findfriday contest?
It really hurts when you expected so much more from the person you once loved so much
thank you for booking me as background in Oscar winner #theartist. We won!!
Yes, I think freshly-squeezed lemon drops would be wonderful. You should see the size of these lemons - more like grapefruit.
cause , it was just ..... So much sexiness ! Lol
Yeah you did... ;) ": I just got RT'd by a baby. With a potty mouth."
Im soo blessed to have my first grandson born on Feb 3rd..AIDEN..your Nana loves ya!
Hey! your From don bosco? my sister used to study There. ^^
If you were a dessert. What kind of dessert would you be?
haha! actually, I watch too many home designing programs.
Well I guess good bye to twitter for a couple hours.
#phdchat How specifically? What did you have trouble with that we (the EndNote developers) could look to fix?
Do you have photos from EdCom Marketplace of Ideas, esp of my SciCafe poster? I saw you taking some & would love to share w/ others.
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas... here in NYC
Nice RT Keeping Austin Weird....meditation flash mob on the lawn of my office...on cars too! Namaste. yfrog.com/gyz79lxj
Aww babe so good to me
My mum just made me dumb mad, gonna come in my room saying it's trifling and disrespectful when it's nowhere near it. Ill show her it though
If you ask a PROFESSIONAL their PROFESSIONAL opinion and use statements like "I'm not a professional", it's insulting when you don't listen
lmfao yeah that's true...she's probably never heard of him, she'll be like "John Lennon? I thought he died"
Many of the world's best artists were Italian. Leonardo, Michelangelo, Donatello, Raphael … heroes in a half-shell, TURTLE POWER.
Yea, not a good day for stocks in the entire technology sector.
Go fuck yourself.
can i see you tonight?
Do guys ever wanna be "just friends" anymore?
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe University is comprised of 99% bullshit and douchebags who only know 2 guitar chords.
when people tell me I look really tan
i am!
what ever happened to our sleep-over?
in other words the guy who has nailed your liberal ass to the wall. Truth is out, your cover is blown. You are now my hobby ,)
Would like to thank Carma for getting him back to Baltimore from San Jose (Carma = Southwest employee, not the cosmic force)
sorry sorry!:p
I'm feeling fantastic! A little sore but damn it feels good to be alive! you?
#NZwine lovers, Tweet more questions to to have answered by Alistair and Jess.
lets work
LOL - Well said. Wonder that myself.
Step out of the house in my pj's to move the car for my parents, and run into half the neighborhood walking their dogs. Hi.. I'm back..
the mentors are KEY to the maker space! They can offer real-world experience and examples.
#PopUps EXPECT DELAYS multimedia #art #installation by V Bonet @ 630 Main & PRIMITIVE POP SERIES by R Robinson @ Broadway/9th
I wonder if y'all take Payout Music as seriously as I do.
what did you get?
If anything could ever be the greatest thing since sliced bread, it would be Spotify.
"How should you prioritize which social channels to focus on?" Drink a lot of coffee and keep you eyes on Tweetdeck.
dog stares at food dish/ until I add bacon grease/ then it’s all gravy
You should ask
What's the best thing that happened to you today?
you know what helps? giving me your EFFing account number. bc I can't find your library card # based on the email address you never gave us.
Thx for asking, We're goin' on a Low Car Diet to fit in our skinny jeans again! Any other Zipsters have resolutions to share?
i enjoyed your Clairet when I was in Entre-Deux-Mers, last week of September.
y u ganna b n the newspaper?????
probably not
SO early to be at school!
Look and Feel Like a Celebrity with lasers, strobe lights and smoke machines
#MARKCUBAN #SKECHERS #MR.QUIGLEY front runners for best commercial
Working on my rhetoric, techne, and DH paper, I got an idea for a paper about Twitter where Twitter is considered a category of thought.
Hi Mr. Aronson, Thank you for the follow. Feel free to tweet us if you have any questions regarding to our industry.
congrats Big Guy, you will have a blast!! I just hope to see you wearing the Kentucky Uniform. Go Cats!!
where do you work now??
I'd rather flat out beat their ass, than win on a technicality.
You are sent to an awful prison forever. U get 1minute per day to enjoy a thing u love, then back to the demon torture. What do u choose?
#HappyFridayEve! Scattered showers this morning. The snow level is about 1,000' so we have to watch a few areas. Hard to believe right?
Whatever plane is in dark sky right now is not a passenger plane....that's fo sho.
I haven't heard of them till now (just looked them up) but if you are passionate about their mission - doesn't hurt to visit!
very true
HI evryone please take a moment and check out my website www.createmoneyweb.com
damn... U speeding huh...
Hahaha oh , i love how thinks . (:
We call it being loved on. Have to steal some from our next event!
Most important factor in business & life success is your ability to sell. From selling products to convincing teenagers to clean their room.
The girl next to me in this mtg better stop click clacking away on her blackberry or I'm gonna throw it across the room
Yeah how about a "rappin ryan" lol
8 swipes left WHO IS TRYING EAT FOR
A while ago? RT : (386): At what point in my life did a night that has strippers, belly dancers, tequila and a midget become "average"?
Karl Hess and Teddy V would be proud of that.
Our Hero makes a living off that "little bit more."
I am meeting Sound by Design tomorrow at 1030am so they can start to set up for
OMG!!!! STILL DOING Homework #justwanttosleep : /
#GoodThingsInTheWorld Jonas Brothers Family Josh Hutcherson Miley Cyrus One Direction Taylor Swift Glee y lo mas importantee: YOO (? arre :|
Productive morning so far.. Today consists of Work, practice, work.
The Third Street Saints will continue to grow since I've collected 10 homies throughout Steelport.
Ridiculous to judge success of events based on secondary ticket market. If so, we would play the Super Bowl at a high school field
newsletter was so heartfelt - Fly PR has been in business 18 years now - since 1994. Wild, right?!
sure, anything for youu :)
haha I know right!?!?! its crazy! I cant believe im 18! lol when will you be 18?
None. Nicklaus won in 1966 which would have been Easter, but it went to an 18 hole playoff
8 o'clock classes fuccin SUCK
yeah, I'm with you. Good, what time is good for you?
Happy Jew Year!
Apparently Jeremy is having issues.
Fear and Loathing reference in the movie Rango, awesome!!!
I think if the Eagles put up anymore points, then the Cowboys may not have time to give it to Murray on the ground
They said it was a drug test..... I got their and their were. I drugs to be tested!! Super mad haha
Happy Wednesday and thanks for the RT
Once again sending me off to sleep #sickasshit hopefully I'll feel better in the A.M.
Just keeping the theme consistent.
Just chilling. and u? :)
Just made my tattoo appointment for next monday !
working on a new song. Got a Led Zeppelin feel to it. Just need a melody and a chorus...hm I need ideas people.
today's to do list: coffee, job 1, job 2, spa appointment. it will all be worth it.
“: Anything interesting?” it's raining...does that count?
Haha got you fam RT : s/o to for the brew at the last minute really came through tho lol
Why Good Mornin Stylistas and Stylistos!!! I went from east to now the south!!! Got some things set up out here tht sounds like a good idea
me back <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>pwease
MT Phi alumna Becky Mann's brother Chris is STILL going strong on The Voice!! Watch tonight on NBC and VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!
Can't wait to listen to the show today!! Check us out "It's War" by G.A.S.
we should start a rochester safari.
oh shut up lol
What treats or deserts have you made out of Medifast products?
We haven't had snow since '99!! But the mountain are capped!
Worst part of being unemployed = no money. Best part of being unemployed = Nap Time!!!
:I FEEL YOU!!!! YOU SHOL GREAT AT IT!!! GOD BLESS YOU LIL HOMIE!!!
BRGO BUZZING HARD PEEPS EXPECTING Q3 NUMBERS TO KILL PREVIOUS EARNINGS! HEARING IT'S A 3 WEEK MOMO PLAY LEADING INTO #'s. HUGE IMO =)
Enjoying a Dark & Stormy at Atomic Cowboy in STL, made with ginger liqueur.
could have been worse...ie a guy in front of u without underwear!
aww and 2 yrs i lived in illinois for 8 yrs b4 i moved here & i was born here b4 we moved to illinois wen i was 2 <3
How is Spirit Airlines still in business? Some of the worst policies and service in the industry = haven't flown them in years.
haha why shame? Backstreets back, alright! :)
tha do, why I said look just tad bit alike!!!!! @
Roll Call! RT : is anyone going to tonight?
thank you :)
so howe is my dad doing? RT “: Oh now I'm being serenaded by shirtless Blatz man. It's my lucky day apparently.”
Do away with all the speed limit signs and there would be no more speeding .Legalized drugs, and no body would go to jail for doing drugs.
I agree! good stuff
I feel you. New York is making me feel that about Boston.
CSG director calls for feds to show real commitment to intergov relations instead of just promoting talking points
Look, we know you love Sleeping With Sirens and Pierce The Veil. Shut up. We get it.
They dont realize what they have.
yay! any recommendations in LA? so happy it can go to good use. I simply don't need 4 different cans of hair mouse.
i can just screw around on amazon all day and never get bored
Happy mothers day! I love you mommy <3
Now if we could just find an oil-sheik to start a 2nd team, we could all get behind hating them.
No better airline than USAIRWAYS - Guess I'm spoiled. Thanks for the great service guys, and Thanks Hamp Walters for the fancy swag. Woohoo!
The Wanted - Chasing The Sun: via
Larry Bird & Dirk are two of the greatest shooters of all-time. They're also both white. Let's compare them!
who are you talking about? I'm lost
you need to tell her you hv too much time invested in honing that skill. Can't let it go to waste now.
I swear, they cant leave me alone. Its like, back da fuck up!
We're coming on Friday! Can't wait!!
Welcome Bonnie :)
Thanks for the RT agreed on the chimichangas from allsups, you should nominate them
just got back from #SoCo2010. He said it was a great conference. What was your favorite part?
Passed out @ the Nitty when & got their food, re-awoke when they were paying the bill.
when will you be at Buster's? & who is your distributor in Memphis? & thnx for the follow...
Wishing everyone a happy and safe July 4th holiday. Thank you to all our troops now serving and our veterans who have served our country!
Phone dry ...someone Hmu
I have insomnia all the time, I'm used to it. :)
Thx for the RTs on tonight's #HHAwards with Kevin Spacey! !
Price of 1 Apple share (AAPL) = price of 1 new iPad including sales tax. Decisions, decisions .....
RT : Congrats Taylor Ratliff, Chris Anderson, Alex Bacon and Austin Barrett. NCBWA Freshman All-American
baring away. ;)
I'm just kidding "/
The lucky one came out today!
Some of my peepz had a meeting w capitol records. Dope dope dope
burned 246 calories doing 45 minutes of "Walking, 4.5 mph, very, very brisk pace"
Btw.....geography fail. Philly is not too too far from Hershey....
that's just a short chapter in a long book with no ending yet. But you will be invited to the signing.
we will just have to wait and see (;
Hoping for a #GreaterThanMoment when UA wins it law suit against those old timers trying to make more $$$ any way they can.
Sick, Linked Arm Two-Step, #Bro! xD P.L.U.R.<3
Mother fucking pineapple !!!!
L.A Fitness in Pembroke Pines.
Did you know a Thinsulate lined leather shooting glove loses 30% of its heat in just 9 minutes outside? (33F, 8mph wind).At 59 its painful.
I've been looking for this Juco PF's name (FLA offer) ? Got a link or name? Thanks.
Working on my PLN
Whatcha up to? Thnx for following :)
hey my birthday is august 19th. Starbucks giftcard ;)
Hope everyone has a wonderful Wednesday!
ohh my gosh am I now? something is wrong with my twitter!!!
School school school...
do they both still have dial-up?
Thanks and best wishes for a great weekend!
you should def go to Disney land tomorrow(;
PEOPLE ARE SO DRAMATIC. NOONE CARES.
Always something new in NYC. Just saw a women pushing a pig in a stroller through Times Sq.
Thank you Karyna! :)
Remember "Pop Metal?" What the hell was that!
that's awesome. how's the job search going?
Ill never write a song wont even sing along
Your so so so welcome sweetie!!:D
Deaffromdicks.com is the best URL ever.
#FF Have a great weekend!
He said if he could get me to be his girl, he so would... #imbeingmean #hessocute ahahahaha
Thanks. Our dish hasn't been too fond of the storms so I've been tracking online.
Parents who put down kids who simply state facts the the adult calls them fake
NY1's broadcast of public comments hearing on MTA budget cuts is heartening..
just burnt the crap out of my hand on my straightener -_-
Hey Davis, I Just Want To Say That You're an awesome kid. I wish you were my brother. :) Can You Please Follow Me :D :D :D
Went out with a friend, we walked for ages, What are your plans? <AB
sounds like a plan. Miss ya too!
My favorite curse word is "Double-farts".
Countdown to October 15th begins now!
Would love to chat with you about Fon penetration in the U.S.
The Silk Tie likes Piers! Can we get you a better tie? thesilktie.com
haha well prob not as much as someone in MN!! But cold windy rain is enough for me, sir!!!! #thatsnotwhyilivehere haha ;-)
I really don't feel like going to class today.. UGH
AESAOne welcomes All Ethiopians to our Annual Soccer Tournament in WASHINGTON,DC--> July 1st -July 7th,2012! Followback!
OH! Now it's "trickle down government" with the worn out lie, "He made things worse". These guys don't stop,
spending my last day of spring break watching the hunger games videos... im such a fan geek..
the only thing that gets me out of bed before I sleep a full 8 hours is if im going to Disneyland.
see why happens when you graduate! I told you not to do it!
Honestly--- is taking Vanity to another level!! Luv it!! /via
it started raining, you left me at a ought and I didn't know if you were going to mission or tb. Cool.
Nextbop showcase got postponed to next year, but I came anyway :)
if we was gonna go out, it would be with a K
Hyped 4 rehearsal today w/ & ...
Our song is back to december so everytime i hear it he pops into my head
bout to head to band practice...then WAFFLES! ha
bird ass ninjas!
We've also started our next #ReynoldsburgOH #EstateSale (on location). It will be held March 30-31. Lots of great furniture, household+
RT : Good Morning #Greatness You have to speak your desire out loud. Voice print the atmosphere right now.
I wish mike would shut up
Yes lol!! RT if I come will you come to my table and song to me like in the movies or the Kelly Price "As We Lay" video?
windy as crap tonight
Moguai Afrojack and secret special guests tonight at Mansion! PRESALES ARE SOLD OUT!! Tonight is going to be EPIC!
Playboy XM Radio Spice @ 10:30pm PST. Tonight, y'all. Call in. Tre, what's the number?
Your following me!
is the krikri pronounced kreekree or crycry? because i want to make sure i call you the other one from now on
awe what a pretty leaf! Goes great with the season! love the colors. Matching today?
Yes, but I'll live
please kick his ass. I am kinda getting tired of his pompous ass
im a gun my hearts the trigger my friends are the bullet that will save me and ur heart is the one i want to capture
yea I get it, but again that sounds like you're saying green day Isn't good? Haha
You are welcome. ArtWorks! Gwinnett is truly appreciative of the great IT services of Rocket IT.
It's Frangelism month @ New Life International Family Church 5349 Snapfinger Woods Dr. Decatur, Ga Bishop J.C. Williams
No following Hook it up w some good events!!!
GET LOADED is over next week!! Make sure you have signed up for the FREE B LOADERS CLUB!!
defaults get old fast
Yeah, I Hate This Weather. Train's coming....Thinking on doing tomorrow Seen in the Snow (Guidance Episode 6). Drive Safe & Stay Blessed.
Quick whats ur fav Sting song? Hanging out in the lobby of watching STING on ABC.
Trying out this new Rocktape for my shoulder and neck. Supposed help injured areas and improve performance. We shall see...
“: #FF and thankful 4 true friends Same Here!!
My perfectionism gets me into a lot of trouble.
Very exciting!
I beez in the trap
Thanks to my colleague for such a warm welcome! Looking forward to exploring academia through twitter!
Mine looks like battery acid
Cuatro de Mayo, baby! RT : This lady at the bar is ripping shots of tequilla already
I have a strong dislike for Westbrook.
where could a fan buy some stuff to rep tde/you
Is #AKillingGame a mash-up of audience integration techniques from Courage and Beertown?
Wish I could get into these non federal holidays, but I just can't. I'm strange, I know.
Tomorrow's mothers day - don't forget to gift her travel cash on myTab! And did you see our Mothers Day's animated logo on myTab.co?
the Michael Jordan ESPN commercial is amazing.
I hope my girl made a full recover today. Out of control last night!
haha! Thankss. And sorry. You never texted me back.
Hope she heals up well! Lost my cat to cancer this year. It's so hard to see them go through that.
seriously dick. Stick to basketball
The Hunger Games didn't win favorite book. Children have no taste in good literature nowadays.
If my body had a feature that allowed me to go deaf temporarily, this would be an excellent time: grandmarc fire alarm has gone off 7x today
the hardest thing in golf is to trust something new. Trust it. That's what is going on with Tiger right now. I know how he feels.
Nxt Thurs cant come soon enough!
yeah my cousins looking for one. How much ?
#packernation #gopackgo #TT #gforce. There is a God & he answers prayers on SATURDAY! Thanks Jeff!
#Cowboys let's go!!
M I love the smell of men :)
If I found out I only had a week to live, & could go anywhere in the world,I think I'd go to the hospital cus dat sounds serious.
Or Worse..... Pittsburgh. RT : Josh Beckett doesn't care. So how about not caring in Kansas City?
I think about u every day every sec and min and hour I'm alive I love u Robert <3 as so as alex
New Orleans Creole Bar in Seattle. Me, and Greg killing some time. Those guys r headed to Mariners, me to dinner w/ fam
You make my heart melt, its cold to the core
creating a superhero called The Illuminator, whose sole job is to "make a spark inside people." #sometimesIlovemyjob ...
As long as we keep on givin. We can take anything that comes our way.
#RoyalRumble Cole??? look at this Clown
BUZZ-KILL
I wander what Atheist say when they hit their finger,
Berniece Bennett Park was a ghost town...Russell Ranch Park was not a park at all bt there was a cemetery next door!! Headed to Northridge..
US Royalty to make repeat appearance at Sweetlife. I'm excited to see both them and The Shins.
The gift of May----Decorate yourself like a Fashion Queen ...
I love this!!
New Web Series Lets Black Women Talk The Harlow Project, a website dedicated to women and people of color, is slated to begin its latest,
": I just crushed potato chips on top of a pepperoni and sausage pizza alone in bed watching Secretariat. Happy Valentine's day."
Hieber’s keeps eco-friendly by recycling paper & plastic, using energy efficient lighting and more! www.hiebers.com
thanks for posting Ted. I loved the subversive work around strategy. I almost have enough media/culture books to try that
Milestone! We just gaveaway our 10,000th free bumper sticker!
I just have to put my trust in God because he has the plan
Looking 4 & testing Affiliate Marketing programs. I'm committed 2 financially empowering artists & arts organizations. Trying eLitius now.
There he is, missed the wide open one inside of 30 seconds. time to miss 2 at the line.
#Durant just posterized the #Lakers in dirty fashion....this should be a great game!
This weekend>>
bruh we would stay on one.. ha
Almost time for REAL #Cubs baseball! Can't wait!
#Rangers win in 3 OT. Phew.
I wish I could...she's not here anymore
send me a follow and I follow back.
The words "I'm disappointed in you" are the worst. I think the people who tell you know that too <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> pure torture
So guess who finally downloaded the twitter app?
RT if you love Austins covers.
Washin clothes for the Night. Gotta take my Boy to the Clinic in the a.m.
I don't want to screw up this world with my ways.
Is looking forward to today's road trip to see the #Yankees sweep the #Orioles at #CamdenYards! Go Yanks!
so your district is essentially split several ways and the southern Polk seat is all that's left it appears.
Looking forward to breakthrough in thinking.
RT "Do not discourage participation from people that are NOT in your target market! Nurture it!"
thx! it's good in the end. just plenty of reflections on life and death and love this week!
you playing in it?
Did I hear that right? Bryce Harper has JJ Hardy's Moby at bat song??
did ya listen to poema?? myspace.com/poemaofficial! they need help promoting! :)
your absolutely right about the perfect bunt! I didn't see it coming!
Late 20s...I hope.. I wanna spoil those little munchkins lol :3
Good Morning to you too!!! Have a great day!!
Happy birthday!
Got that going for him...which is nice!
Anyone who has a really good picture from rag rock please text it to me so i can use it in my bulls eye article!
I'm like a bird, I'll only fly away
I hate this summer. I work so much I started calling my boss my boyfriend.
Did y'all see my nigga 's avy, though? *DEAD*
MUNCHIE EXPRESS will be OPEN tomorrow night (Wednesday) from 7PM-3AM! Give us a call to deliver some munchies.
how will I get it to you?
Haven't watched this much TV in a while...
so funny
getting dressed then getting my check:
Just nominated A Lady's Lesson in Scandal for the DA BWAHA
Wendy's.. they have chili fries now. I wouldn't steer you wrong..
#10ThingsIWantToHappen 1: tour worldwide w/ my duo 1 day!! ;) speaking of: FOLLOW US! - new music comin soon!
Here's a thought: rehearse your reaction to rejection.
Fun day hanging out with Babbie Mason taping Babbie's House!!!
not worried, Im gonna get you first for those iPhone slurs
The principle part of faith is patience..
#ReplaceAWordInAMovieWithTits Tits In The Hood
PLEASE FOLLOW ME <3
It's been one month in my new apartment, and I am in love. Are we moving too fast?
Break a leg!
Which conf, Heather?
trying to trust u.
“: haha abs for sure” Nice! That is def the better 6 pack of the two!
Let myself catch up on sleep last night, so I didn't set an alarm. Wake up at 2.30 PM.
Were a team because we play for the front of the jersey, not the back <3
being awesome
#SomeoneIWantToMeet and all of , but i have a better change with charlie(;
My dads taking forever to leave the house -___-
wish i could see some friends i havent got to see in forever!
Congrats to and for their grammy nomination on Lupe Fiasco's 'Show Goes On'!!! SYMPHONY CRACK TAKEOVER!
How was everyone's weekend??
We are looking for a Proofreader- Contract in Dallas. Email
I love that Don's idea of "moon kitchen" is "interesting bowls."
there should be a phone policy wherever humans congregate.
Got it. Thank you.
#10ThingsThatILike mac miller
It's a beautiful day in #Ballard! Don't let your #Allergies ruin your fun in the sun!
no login options beyond fb? I'm interested, but not if activation and use is attached exclusively to that social identity.
Bank next door was robbed. Question - why would you hold up a bank next door to GSA & DOJ, and across from ATF?!
well that was a productive meeting for the tournament
Happy Hump Day America!
Register today! It is going to be an unforgettable event! FIRST EVER
Lmao. Finish wat we started :-) I had to leave early dat day remember cuz Sam picked me up..
Saturday is bsu bro !
RT LinearEquations I'm tired of these begging ass clucks begging for my money every time I'm going in the store.
dont know anything about it lol but I might have to give it a shot.
Only 39 days now! Glad you're as excited as we are. RT Countdown to #ncore2012 in #nyc....42 days!
Continue to help us raise initial funds, buy raffle tickets, now...$1!!!! All funding has come from Coleman and Grayson's personal accounts
It's a gorgeous day for #CFYoga ! it's our big debut, can't wait to hear your tunes! I'm excited !!
Yes-walking through the park at Ave Mont Royal /Parc Mont Royal, MISS it! :)
there are just so many great books out/coming out! I can't help it!
I feel like that's something for after the third date.
hell yah i dont know why there are so many!?
I am just one of the many wannabes at #sxsw, hoping some coolness will rub off on me.
I used to do that all the time...it is the best.
wow, they did a movie on rampart cops with Woody Harrelson as a dirty cop... love it!! Have you ever read Labyrinth by by Randall Sullivan?
sex with fans d.c. followed by eminem
your current iphone is wonderful and serves you well. replacing it only takes away monies from the new house's needs.
Think about the money,that can be your energy!
Wore a fishing shirt for the first time tonight. Needless to say, it was monumental. thx
what's the matter?
Digitally delivered perks. Don't blow your campaign earnings on shipping. Trick is making them juicy.
Happy St. Patricks Day!!!! Keep the "Green" of St. Patricks Day all year with a beautiful lawn and yard courtesy of Baca's Trees
Looking for something to do??? Text our host 630.235.7357 for bottle special! BRING some friends and make a party!
I'm starving :/
DUCK DAY!
Ad for Croatia, saw images of Bol, Sveti Stefan, Dubrovnik....I think I'm ready to go back now.
All i gotta say is that I'm jealous of ! she got to see -________-
My kinkiness comes from deep within. What you mean is, now we know what I see in David. ;)
How when they get done with phase 2 of Bush policies there won't be any good paying jobs.#righttowork only.
nice running into last night at Legends! hope the JD didnt kick your ass too hard ;-)
I love you.
I feel like this does not bode well for DD.
Anybody ever tell you that you look just like Damien Echols??
Confining pigs in crates stirs complaint from Humane Society
As told me a few years ago....keep it classy 24/7. Aiming for 1% improvement in all aspects of life everyday.
Uh time to work
#Thingsthatpissmeoffinthemorning my alarm clock..
I hate it when hot girls in movies die....
Feel like jay and silent bob out here. With
it's muggy as fuck. not as nice as that made it look.
I get to go to Lilly on Tuesday! So excited for this job :)
follow me
Rosey can cook, and andy can make the cocktails, and phil and i will enjoy!
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Join me tonight @ Barones in the valley 4 my guest appearance in Pamela Clay's show. I'll be singing Be In Love. :))
Him:I<3 u Her:I<3 u 2 Him:No but I<3 u Her:Yea I<3 2 him:listen i<3 u Her:grinnin ear to ear i<3 u 2 Him:Theres tht smile I was lookin for
When a kid puts a beer chuger in his mouth you know hes going to be a baddass.
Waiting for the new dog and trying to see what happen
if u cant be ironman u can always be antman
I hear you. I once went to work wearing two different shoes. It was dark, heel size was the same & I didnt look. So embarassing!
Nice work tonight, Brew Crew!
Somebody get me on a lane home... Wyf is this shit
My nigga asked my why I talk 2 females like I do..I said shit..I keep it real..speak my mind..and say what I want
Thank you for the follow. Robert
I registered a while back, but don't have the time. Would be happy to pass it off to you. DM me for details
lmao........ there's always facebook
GaLuWi has worked with Matthew Caryl for 5+ years. In those 5+ years we can honestly say Matthew is the perfect match for our company, we sh
thank you! there's a grad seminar on affect theory at UW that will be interested to hear what's going on there
I’m excited to see what the future holds and how EVMS will thrive under his leadership.
I've definitely heard like 8636186392 different stories about the wreck. If you don't know what happened, please keep your mouth shut.
thanks for the RT
Looking forward to playing tonite...set time is 11.45pm.
sonic route 44 sweet tea hell yeah
I figured. Been there done that.
I need to start making my own smoothies at home. I don't even remember the last time I used my blender.
Producers needs to allow and encourage the variety of roll playing whenever casting a character. Test their skills.
Did you know 87% of Americans say that a smile from a stranger will boost their day? So make someone's day and flash your smile!
I love
trying to figure out why there are so many tweets.
Hard to sleep when I have a million things on my to do list... Must. Close. My. Eyes.
Hi there! Happy Tuesday :)
Super J of and ! They are rockin' the red carpet representing !
thank you love<3
Excited to hopefully share some exciting news with you all soon!
son, I've been on this shit since I was playing shows with Arkadelphia!
With weather like this + it being a Thursday night .... You know it's going to be a great night on Milwaukee Street! Insane Sushi!
Old Pretty Ricky >>>>
31 days till I move to florida<3 so exited !!(:
Friday, friday, friday! Our favorite day of the week. Why don't you stop in for an after work treat :)
that's literally the coolest thing I've ever heard. which languages?
Mark Madden, wherever you are, me and a bunch of others are gonna make your article a dead issue. We are the stars, watch us shine.
Linguist working on #JimCrow as fostering a distinct African American dialect and it's connection to Southern English.
so true - feel better!
not to be confused with GoDaddy dot com
One day we'll all look back on case sensitivity as the scourge of the information age and the end of humankind.
I have the most amazing and supportive friends anyone could ever ask for.
Innovation requires diversity: of gender, background, ethnicity, cognitive styles, etc. but an inclusive process is a must!
Steve Harvey! Okay, It's impressive to have written a best seller, but who nominated Steve as the voice of reason in our relationships?
Atianda saw your sign, said "we're voting for that man. He goes home to eat/sleep than comes out so people can vote 4 him."
- Sounds awesome! Thanks for the link. I'll check out his stuff.
don't forget to bring that stack for my therminator app friday! oh, and my phone takes an 1/8th inch jack.
you are in the suggested people to follow for me at least..
I'll take anything. I just need new stuff. All the good music sites shut down and I feel like i'm falling behind.
Summer is coming and I can't wait to start playing
direct to screen up and running...basic traing done, have to integrate with art and production
Los Angelenos, is the featured product right now at Beauty Boutique - stop on by!
it's too quiet in this classroom. like everyone can hear me chewing goldfish. lolol.
haha thanks! We're working on it :)
Happy Mother's Day! Have a great day Moms everywhere!
Might be back to tweet, but if not, GOODNIGHT ALL OF YOU! Sweet Dreams
JAPAN, Y U SO KINKY. XD
:) I can't wait for that moment! He's gonna look so handsome. :)
how do you know when you are teaching efficiently?
lol nope but i can on Friday ;)
Director's question during 'Voiced' rehearsal - "What's the scariest thing about getting older as a woman?" Any takers?
Seeing Hunger Games...
hope you have a good day.
Regrettably, I missed SMASH tonight. No worries, I can catch up another day.
My boyfriend is mocking me for the denim overall skirt thingy I got from today. Fortunately, it is far too cute for me to care. :-)
allyouneedolga.webstore.com poised for world wide internet sales domination link is on my profile go find out why we area the best
MT “ Can you get a stain out of my pants if I washed them already?” Depends on stain. Bring pants in. #Free if stain stays.
10 Day Forecast: Partly Sunny, high of 62.
what a great Twitter battle
getting drunk what u on
I sing, their song #LikeWhoa, in my wii, (Sing It) i saw your sweet sixteen party yesterday on MTV ;)
Hey Lee how long will you be at Borgata for? Thinking about making a trip for last few tournies.
They should just end the game
Hello Love :)
I recently learned to keep Kleenex in your purse so you don’t have to use a clean diaper to wipe your running nose during a sad movie.
that fine I had someone do that to me too
Obviously RT : Obvious statements are obvious.
Do you remember your primary school music recitals? ...kids in school now may not get to make those memories...Save the Music in Schools
Will definitely be joining the next chat in the New Year. Sorry I missed this one
yeah you're right.
Thanks ! Hope you like the blog. We're having a blast tasting beers and reviewing them in our own unique way.
i think i just fell in love with a map called squirrel highways by denis wood
I dont want to get out of bed;P
About to use the deep drier for the first time. Hopefully watching mom does me some good... Lol
coming down to Philly for a phillies game next month. any recommendations on where to sit??
I seriously can't be creating more value with my hands, 100% losses with big pairs played perfectly live at the palomar
LIAM NEESON MY KING!!!
Tonight our new song "Way Back" premieres on @ 8 & 10pm CST on the Tournament Preview Show (last segment)! Pls RT
Testing, testing.... Twitter are you still goofed up?
K. Fucking awesome.
Y am i seeing the same ppl driving bak n forth down 29th st
OK, Friday Night Lights. I refuse to suspend disbelief for a "TX school district cuts football after 1 wk of budget talks" plotline. Sorry.
Still a few tickets left for tomorrow night's match. GREAT deal for tickets in a fantastic viewing area.
Gary Cannalte's forecast: bit.ly/xmpb7 Windy and colder with a chance of some flurries
We're at the MN Counties Vendor fair today and tomorrow, stop by booth 707 and say hi!
'Story So Far' the name of One Direction's new book, out on September 1st.
RT : Great presentation underway from on the #vBrownBag ! <<-Excellent visuals of security models for virtualization
#JDaddyFact Justin Bieber is 5'7 RT if you're smaller than him
Sometimes, I look to my left and am both astounded and ridiculously grateful that remains the Yeezy to my HOVA
Water pls! There acting thirsty....
Celebrating Anniversary today.
Making some mac & cheese for dinner <U+E32C>
Heading over to Krispy Kreme for the weekend? Don't forget to check in on or !
“: Coffee and Investigation Discovery :) what a perfect Sunday morning!” solid!
NORWAY SON !!!!
Do they have Which Which in Canada?! If not it would be a great franchise idea. Best sandwich joint IMO!
suck brick kid! Aha hahhahahaha!
Remember happiness is a way of travel, not a destination.
Wow! What school is Loyd from Abby?
Happy Christmas Eve.....we are open until 2PM today if you need a last minute gift card.
"Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage."
. I purchased a pair of sandals I saw on just last night.
RT : -__- I didn't miss you, I was concerned about your absences!
Cinco De Mayo Celebration Tomas tonight @ 7:30 for dinner and drinks. Meet us Senor Tomas!
Idk, its different listening to it in a car or headphones.. At raves, they have shit tons of huge speakers. So imagine BASS
In backyards, waging battles with the wooden swords, but now we've stepped into a cruel world...
im all day nigga AM to the PM
Ballgame, Newcastle trap cleared, Man City only needs home win v. QPR now...
Y'all askin jo if he's drunk...smh obv y'all never seen a flula blog
All signed up with Google+ beta, is this the next big thing? Reminds me of the early days, Netscape/Explorer battle, feel like that to you?
:( Darn! I was lookingfoward to meeting you :(Maybe one day! Can you please get information to the NYC meet and greet from austin
What? Why? :O My parets would take me everywhere i want! I mean, It's cheap! Ask your parents! ;) xoxo
History will remember the greatest tag teams of all time. The Hart Foundation, Demolition, The Road Warriors, Primo & Epico...
ur gonna be so mad at me
A little tardy to the party, but we appreciate all of you faculty ! Happy National Teacher's Day!
Back to the stack!
You know you're at The Block when your ass has been grabbed more than 5x & it's normal
Just listened to the Gregg Williams audio. Disturbing. Major douche. "[Crabtree] becomes human when we f*ckin' take out that outside ACL"
At 30 Rock to appear in moments & talk about #wherearethewomen going in 2012
. knows all the words to the Big Bang Theory theme song.
Yeah! :) We miss talking to you! D;
Thank you!
Watched my Grandma play basketball last night at her old high school, had some delicious Jenkins chicken salad, about to have a massage!
I had a reunion and a wedding. There was no way it was taking a break. And I woke up with a cold!
As an ex-pitcher, I 100% agree... but I'm being a hypocrite b/c I've made arguments b4 going against this mentality. ( )
Team #MIA I am very close to middle finger malfunction right now.
"if you ever leave me baby, leave sone morphine at my door." you made me leave so i had no chance to get it. sorry.
I would like to check it out one night. Sounds like you guys have some good stuff happening!
Spend #FirstNightAkron with us at 8-10. We're encoring animation fest winner Luminaris + Akron-area docs from Mika Johnson.
The Parent Trap is always so good.
me too dude. me too. c;
the fans need to be educated on guidelines and while it mighy not "settle" issue it would show transparency of which we ha ...
#NP milo and Otis - Friendly city And by NP I mean on repeat
need help?...
had awsome dream last night going to make a movie about it. will the dream worte the movie for me just need the ending
FOLLOW ME
you know, I'll need to be selling mine before I travel before I travel westward, so if you can hold out until July....
Thunderstorm hitting right now stretches 30 miles back to the West into Indiana.
i mean… will i really have to use yahoo?
Nice tattoos on your neck. Good luck getting a job.
Projectionist wishes everyone and happy, healthy and successful new year. It's going to be a great one!
long time no see. How are you. This is Alo btw.
maybe fathers day
Already on a college "sleep" schedule. So, basically I think my body has my nights and days mixed up.
don't you think I know exactly where I stand
Tomorrow is Woof Wednesday at Lofty Dog! 5% off food and 10% off everything else! See ya!
Ah stiles ily
we're adding green creme de menthe today as well.
Hey guys, check out a photo of me and
Well I was close. His stand-up is so dirty... I love it!
I like how after BOONE strikes out a guy he walks around like "Cant Touch This"...Ha Ha!
Ft Worth H&G Market was a HUGE SUCCESS! Houston Home & Garden Market is Feb 12-14 @ Reliant Center. www.TheHomeAndGardenMarket.com for info!
True. I was twisting it a bit as a baseball reference. Yes, I'm one of those geeks that takes a glove to baseball games. Lol
Get excited...RT : Excited for the deal we're announcing tomorrow. Unique & first. 2 things I like in celeb/brand partnerships
I wish everyone had a supportive supervisor like I do.
RT : Shoot- I missed your call last night!! << SHOULDN'T YOU GUYS BE WORKING?
you know I've had you and your family's back since day 1 back when you were in 2nd grade
In bed by 830, you know it was a long day. #donttalktome #halfdead #shitidoformybestfriend @
this week is crazy, but let's face it did I really expect any less, hell I know next week is gunna be crazy too! lol
Honored to speak An amazing group of people committed to impacting change. Looking forward to the work we do together.
": what's your favorite song at the moment?"--Joan Osborne's "I Don't Need No Doctor"
So excited to see at the street fair! If you gotta spot on the floor or extra bed these guys need to crash!
Hey Randy! I recently joined your Linkedin group, "Twitter Strategies." Looking forward to learning new things!
I am thoroughly convinced that, with practice, the focused mind can see the beauty that exists in any and every moment.
YEAH RAVENS get it done.
Feel sorry for these people with jackets on. I guess they don't watch the weather
FOREVER YOUNG...I WANNA BE FOREVER YOUNG!
sounds like a great idea!
. talk to a cop. Calmer & Older occupiers just chatted w some. Use the power of human communication to reach them.
What did Kobe do?
definitely. How are things?
Those 12 year old girls crying about their boyfriend. When I was 12 I cried about missing cartoons. Shit. -_-
Signing up for classes and figuring out school stuff, got my A game face on
Look at me when I'm talking to you .
follow back yo!
It's not quality it's quantity
Omg 7 hours
Now that I'm packed and ready to go for the summer travels, time 2 meet 2 writing deadlines! Also time to get excited for !
IS THE STORY OUT YET LOL
no not at all.
Walker still up: P latest poll for liberal Daily Kos finds Walker leads Barrett 50% to 45%, identical to results from poll last month.
miss you siss!:)
i'm tired ! Lol I meant like not now ):
I say you da Best.. *while I'm looking in the mirror*
RT : #Clear fixed the tower issue and gave me a credit 2+ weeks ago.
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw the process provides opportunity to negotiate marital and post-nuptial agreements.
Enjoyed breakfast with the lovely and hilarious in NYC this morning. So sweet.
What if you're a super good detective? Like Sherlock Holmes!
let your smile be your umbrella
my goodness, how often will they be able to have Nick run around w/o his shirt buttoned tonight?
nice to meet you too! Have a safe trip back and come see us again soon!!
it feels like stacking the #media to ->
all Blake can do is jump. He can't shoot at all
so is every ones happy new year i hope every one had a safe weekend lol
Happy Birthday Daniel Gallardo, Diana Welch, Kent Brown, Aaron Finley, Mark Williams, Kathy Lovetinsky, Anita Huffer
If you step on a fresh park map, it unsticks.
#quote "The man who dares to waste 1 hour of time has not discovered the value of life." C.Darwin-What are YOU going to do today? Tweet me!
We don't have many rats in CO... Another reason I don't live in DC or NYC
haha you slept through stairs pushups
Google searches Twitter and FB for ranking.
Headed to the Nelly Remy Martin Party Tonight...Makin Moves!
If I can smell your weave a mile away... smh
Blasting one direction at 10 in the morning!
Headed to shoot sold out basketball, SDSU ranked #9 vs. CSU tonite.
Way to go ! Can't wait to see you in the 2nd round.
Thanks so much for checking in with us this weekend and !
were just too cooll.. :)
thanks for inviting me
you know it! ;D
It smells like 1984 in my apartment building.
awesome! Love the account diversification with ! Will follow them more closely for sure. And collab?
Wish I could have went to wango tango tonight.......but sometimes the beach is better!!! ;)
Is that a collie?
They also talked about how SKC is now one of the loudest home enviroments in the mls
RT : Want to know the secret to success? NEVER envy or wish bad on someone's good fortune. Chose to be inspired instead...y'all
what's popin
LIFE WOULD BE BETTER if someone would make a teleportation machine!
seriously in a class with one kids all throughout middle school and I told him what door to go through...bitch didn't remember me
White-collar crime.
Watkins, Hopkins, Ellington, Allen and Boyd.. Pretty tough
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you think ur parents are making a dirty reference in front of you but aren't sure
#10BasicFactsAboutMe 9. I have a yellow lab name Callie(I call her Babycakes)And 2 cats, Princess and Bella, and a Betta fish names Poseidon
Wow just saw tulisa's new MUSIC video
Is "Save The World" the song they're requesting?
Hope you feel better soon :)
#bored. :) our hair defines us!
hehe i like this. RT : My relationship with #Indianapolis is currently in good standing. DON'T SCREW IT UP CITY. xoxo
Bout to warm sum chickin up.* via meth lab *
I'm having trouble opening the doc, sorry!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>RT : Called me just to inform me that he hasn't talked to me all day? haha I think I've met my match
We did 2D as well. Not interested in paying extra for distracting gimmickry. (And we loved it!)
wow yes they would be..
"Nazi" is a blocked search term, according to the school system filter. No idea why a history teacher would Google "Nazi"
alicia keys terry kennedy ALL ARTISTS!! SUBMIT YOUR SONGS TO DTP!! GO TO WWW.DTPENT.BLOGSPOT.COM (RETWEET THIS RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!)
Tonight's Silent Film by Bill Morrison () is "Spark of Being" with music by & Keystone. 7:30PM, FREE
I forgot I have a radio show tomorrow and now I can't sleep.
"Money follows passion — Not the other way around." ~David Siteman Garland
Covering the Straight Street Climb this morning. I dont envy these racers one bit. Hills are my worst enemy...
You're welcome :)
my mom is cooking me eggplant lasanga
Just stood in line for my flight back to Richmond with former VA governor Tim Kaine. Chatting baseball.
Did you guys see show me off on his Ustream?! I feel so special.
I just sent you an email about Scott Haas and Chef Maws. Would love to connect if you have some time.
“: McDonald's is poison to your stomach”tasty poison
get at me, got some more unreleased shit me and Reese did to help out the cause!
Morning! Happy Thursday!
awe. sadness. Was good to see you in class Monday.
Thanks for the RT!
RT : Dumb ppl who take shit too far <<<<<
Hi Christina! Happy Holidays. Cool & talented lady...my vote! :)
Don't make me mad then tell me to calm down. That's like stabbing someone then wondering why they're bleeding.
Hehe and omg i hate you. not fair. it's alrighhttt
Will someone do something with the Borders on Broadway and Brand already? It's sad.
over 20000 people seeking shelter some by boat. no deaths/missing reported yet. that is an area, media & crews that do it good.
excellent choice
"Tuba of jake brakes, a train bell ringing as it moves across the yard, sky shake of the engine, and the honk..."
good luck over there bro
My Heart Goes Out To The Homeless And
I changed my number so I can have a fresh start
RT : Year of insensitive fans “: Let's get the chain back on the bike tonight ! #TooSoon? #BikeJokes ...
; keep on dreaminn' even if it breaks your heart. <3
I should probably start a shitmymomtexts series. She's droppin gems on the reg. For instance, "What does C.R.E.A.M. mean? Is it a song?"
Megan: DAMN Shawty! ..... Can I say that?
About to get some shut eye before work <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
oh ok yu gettin mad at me
Austin made his twitter account on September 29, 2010
I'm not here to promote/recommend any brand. I want to stay #impartial. That said, I've had service with #ATT it was bad as well.
Working on the FAIR Health Plan this evening.
lol Ikr! I wanna go there too! How soon tho... Im off Friday lol
Excited for the VDay soiree at w/, & Nothing says "I love u" like mac 'n cheese
All in all this is a pretty perfect weekend.
"Divorce and the surreal journey into the unconscious"
perhaps it's under a pile of swarovski, lol.
lil wayne rocks i listen to his song sometimes even the rap songs ;)
MSG plus appears to be off the air. TWC listings just say "sign off." what's going on?
Fridays are normally my down days when I get a lot of work done. Today, though, I have 7 meetings!
#WWtheDudeD? Usually help me sleep. (metaphor duh)
Thank U! : Thx for being so supportive this week!
Life literally abounds in comedy if you just look around you
I had a lot of fun yesterday at the / I even split a Brick of frys with some friend. Good Times
Preparing to start strategic planning meeting for FDLC.
Looks great!
If you only post to facebook, I can't take you seriously
Hoping to learn a lot in #EAD workshop this AM going w/
I have somehow taught my cat to play fetch...
Done! This is about to get really interesting. Cheers ;-)
That is sharp. Nice work from the people in costume/wardrobe.
Mike Patton lookalike number 3 just at a taco
Sometimes you just need a real good cry. Hello #Netflix and your sad movies. Now I can have an excuse.
Going to Orlando !!!! <3333
thanks for the mention in the daily!
Just found out I can go to because of #memorial day #FTW!!!!!!!!!
Since im like 5'10 these dudes tell me im not gone grow alot anymore , when i get 6 inches taller imma put my nuts in their face .
I don't know what it is with females, but I'm not too good at that's iiisshh
Getting ready for #Carlsononthelaw airing at 11am on
I wouldn't touch that slut with a 10 foot pole!
Also, WEAR RED WHITE & BLUE and get in #FORFREE ALL NITE! We Salute you Soldiers!! 11.11.11 See you tonight!!!
Oh anyone who is so hype about dream chasers 2 just off your self & go listen to some real music .. #imonarollthismorning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Heads up, Houston drivers. There's a shit ton of speed traps (1 per 2 miles) on west bound 290.
What to do this weekend
r kelly is really a foooll in feeling on your booty lol
U know where to find us...
If you judge people, you have no time to #Love them.
Having fun! Great show!
Bachmann ... you are a moron my dear.
Apparently my max can't move because there are people "laying on the tracks." Are you fucking kidding me, portland.
When the going gets tough, the tough get going. What happens when the tough run out of places to go?
Just reserved my ticket for live!
You mean so much more to me than you think.
Is #organic #milk too much to ask for when I go to my moms house?!? #sheesh!!! Lmao
Both of y'all shuddup and get out of my mentions (: <3
Music > everything else
can you send me the YouTube links for those videos ?
Pick up a dozen pastries tomorrow for the office from the Market! They’ll love you for it!
Thoughts? RT : …& what about the "share draft" … I dislike that term immensely
I'm arguing with a drunk bitch about how to say my name (I've reached an all time low right now)
I went running in my new #fivefingers earlier and now my calves are sore as hell. Can't wait to do it again tomorrow!
If you're not following on twitter. You're fucking up. He just called some broad "baby shrek" for questioning his sexuality.
Long Island Medium
I'm a 90's baby that doesn't have a baby! Perks to sparking no one's interest until 20 teenage pregnancy avoided! haha
I found it on Elk Grove Blvd :)
Who's going to play Charlie - Ivy or Karen???
done! I liked your FB page.
None of the people I saw with green frosted cupcakes were heading to my office.
. Got any discounts on outdoor furniture? RT Looking for a good deal on an inexpensive patio set.
"Oh, I share your disgust, June."
So cool to sing for the ultra famous Elie Wisel the other night. His fingers were tappin' to Mozart.
We build custom craigslist postings that get noticed and have a very high click percentage. Does your business take advantage of craigslist?
Goodbye to giving up
I am allowed on one of those. But it kinda feels like letting the lion lick the steak between the bars ; )
Thanks! Would you be open to a convo about better health or a networking opportunity? Glad to share with colleagues.
Persistence, iPod and time spent in Africa. That's all it took. =)
And I now have Twitter on my mobile. I can tweet from a distance now =D
#Badgers on in 30!! Bar is filling up fast! Let's go Wisconsin!!
To Do List Today: Run 5M; Write 500+ words; Fold 5 loads of laundry.
I been alright just trying to keep grinding how's things been on ya end
Don't know what I'm signing up for, but sure! :)
We so just won that game!!!
hahaha this got me Weak AF ! RT“: Goal for tomorrow twitpic a picture of her bra <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>”
Mike you and I are going though similar journeys. Good luck man!
If you purchase a $100 dollar gift card from bebe, you receive a $15 dollar bonus card! #FindersKeepersFriday so awesome!
#RVA 70 yr woman slays spouse & son. RTD headline: mystifying? Maybe just isolated & hopeless? Reach out you may be a lifeline for someone
do you guys still have t-shirts?! I've been at work all day and don't want to wear my Unofficial shirt 3 years in a row!
I don't hate you
days you wish you were tall :(
About to watch The Vow Im gunna cry i know it
Is going Cat 5 in Indy this week?
Always a trade off of course, but Hamilton isn't "old" or anything. Nice guy to build around - Yoder would be at 1B maybe.
Hope you're bringing some Pittsburgh flavor to your new home!
TEXT ME AFTER SCHOOL LOLING SO BAD I HAVE THE BEST STORY
First thing I do after graduating, perform. Show at 7 in Falls Church, VA
but imma let u know when its happenin
I was right there for you through everything & you were the one to leave me for her.
Brands need to better clarify the types of digital marketing assets needed & the value exchange that should exist between brand & consumer.
break down salary <--there's an interesting subject
HEY WHT DOWN.!?
i have to babysit friday and saturday night? well there goes my weekend.
boozer fucked up
GAB is now discussing the timeline. They want elections on the same day. They say Senate elections would be Gov primary election day.
imagine how we feel lol that made me want to cry
nope that's Tuesday :)
Big shout out for including my girl Carolyn Wonderland in your MArketing Evangelist Must Read-as usual - You (and Carilyn!)Rock!
99 people registered online so far for #sdp2p. Who's going to be the 100th?
they were probably having sex. You're the abstinence fairy! Sorry...not fairy -- Don't hurt me! Ah!
Cards tie it up. Cruz really misplayed that ball.
Happy mothers day!
hello all, new name to reflect new attitude, from now on RobynRyli. Pass it on!
Hi, this is Jessica w/ regarding the manufacturing facility. Please contact me at Thanks:)
Ah....It's Miss Joanna Birthday! Happy Birthday!
I hate it when little kids cuss like it's cool or something.
#ThingsIHateInTheMornings When you wake up early and everyone else is still asleep.
Listening to tonight's bands as we drive to #Coachella, liking Dawes and Madness
Give a person a fish and you feed them for a day; teach that person to use the Internet and they won't bother you for weeks.
Kiss me in D-A-R-K dark tonight.
You learn something new every day. Today: Jack Black was a Bobby McFerrin groupie. Yes, the Don't-Worry-Be-Happy-Bobby-McFerrin.
RT : First Davy Jones & now #RIPRonnieMontrose. Someone wants to form a new band in heaven.
You know you're on the #easternshore when said elderly gentleman calls the barmaid a stupid twat. Only 46 miles to OC's at
Happy Birthday Tibs!
No pressure though
awesome.... you sure are in my league!
so u single
That's plenty about #tarantulas. Hope you enjoyed alt-pet talk. Even if you don't care for spiders, learning helps us understand & fear less
crap mom is home early! GIRLS, get in the closet NOW!
Taxis like to honk
I would like to say that today I spend $140 on walnuts. Just. Walnuts. That is all.
Agree. I don't really see how an automated tool could be considered curation. IMHO, curation means brainpower used, decisions made.
We are having an Earth Day Evening event here in the community garden area this Sunday. Books, music, fun.
Hope you enjoyed your meal tonight!
hope this is an April fools joke
You knew I couldn't trust people, yet you finally convinced me to trust you. Thanks for showing me yet again why I can't trust people.
now how does ffn translate into following? You're gonna have to explain that one to me tomorrow!
...that the honey badger is going to take the far that USC boosters bought for Barkley.
Out of school already #districts <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009F>
We have all the power we need to create all the changes we choose. Via , the Divine Matrix
you're welcome
relaxYou're in a safe placeWhere we dont allow drama or bad jujuSo sip your wine get off twitter and enjoy the fuckin movieXO
it's not that bad
good twitter discussion going on the side, but let's add the #mw2012 tag. why or why not CC0?
From my back-row view this morning, Brewster Khale looked like Bernie Madoff.
- Woody from ToyStory + Scarecrow from Wizard of Oz =
Wow, a much closer game than I thought.
Just got back from shopping in Columbia with Ashlyn and :)
Second straight turnover on downs.
So unhappy but safe as could be...
This is a fair budget. It retains education funding and keeps higher education affordable.
People that say they're gonna do something and then do the complete opposite.... Frustrate me...
I'll continue to defer to your expertise :) I constantly refer people to your site. Always happy to collaborate with you.
That's all we wanted for Zimmerman to Be Charged! Thank You Ms. Special Prosecutor!
Only the Cubs could make that play.
no, you're so amazing!
awesome! im great, thanks :D im about to go spend the rest of my lazy sunday with my bestfriend c:
Beautifully said
Good morning twitter only 13 more school days!!!
If you wanna scream YEAH let me know and i'll take u there. Got you like aoooh baby baby oh oh baby baby
work prep, eh?
Yet another reason I like you.
No heirloom of humankind captures the past as do art and language.
This teacher voice is really annoying right now.
follow back
Bitches is condescending , there methods are never ending.
We've been busy at our #EfS Summer Design Studio!
RT : #Virgo is a sincere lover. They cant make love to you if they dont feel love.
Yea some sort of hybrid will be born there for sure. I'm excited for that will definitely be interesting.
Two lineup changes. Josh Howard will start for the Jazz and Boris Diaw will start for the Spurs. Post by coming up on...
nice moves Cody.
Just struggling
RT : So far so good! Thanks RT : Hope everyone has a great day!
thanks for the follow my man.
Good Morning :)
Come and put your name on it.. (:
My pleasure, Mahesh. ()
I really miss my fam doe and my bruddas:-{
Because Donte's gay ass didn't wanna deal with traffic. lol.
RT : Congrats to R.C. Slocum on his induction into the #NFF College Football Hall of Fame, representing new #SEC member
#TRADE we're currently offering trade opps to any limo or luxury car service co for 4-weeks in March. Reply or DM us for more info.
congrats! Sounds like an awesome gig!!
Tweet us your #WhenAustin's and we'll tweet them and give you credit! :D
Was just reminded of my strengthquest results...i feel like i was made to be a military general. Why cant I just be a woo??
I'll probably tweet lyrics for the rest of class
hello how are u doing? it was nice meeting you!
RT how cool.
nawhhhhh not yet, i'm in no rush :) are you 16 yet?
Just walked across the stage. It's an amazing feeling!!!!!
oh that's right!
Happy Fat Tuesday all!!!!! Who wants some beads!!!!
This right here is my swag. (;
Thanks for your feedback, fellow tweeters. We just bought a #Flip!
OH! That's a example of a photo my new assoc took. She's working with me parttime, but also a photog. :)
And thanks for the follow!
Argh, no. I'm sorry. Take my kids to school at that hour. 8, I could--but sounds like that's too late.
Hi Evie! We emailed you about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We'd love your feedback! www.twintapes.com
that is totally awesome!! Nobody likes being played
facebook is just out of control now! Their new privacy policies are crazy!
if they had pajama day @ work..I would be excited too!
#NFB a cute British chick <U+E231> <U+E230>
That walk was good, and to those of you who asked it was very very nice, the trees and sun and water were all so relaxing =)
You can meet many people who can change your life for an instant but you only meet one person who can change your life forever!
he's actually a nice guy. I'm not voting for him, but man Mormons are just nice! Rich, oblivious and cult-like....but nice!
Need help with applying for !!! I'm trying to apply for jobs, but their system is not accepting it! HELP!!
A4 - What is missing from resume, trad or funct is FIT, not skill. fit is the missing key right now for good match making
The Black Bear Inn Come visit us on Thursday and get 10 % off your meal (exculdes beverages). Just tell us the CODE NAME: Papa Bear
Seeing things as how they are, I need a new PC or a faster hard drive. Its speed to transfer from HDD to USB is the same as its max download
This is why people are still sheeple
Shout out to for the 18 pizzas! Thanks, Ed Davis!
Thanks John. Really sweet of you to mention the Q&A & sent out the link. I appreciate it! Hope to catch up with you soon.
Yet, I remain fascinated by the Caucasus. RT Azerbaijan's plans for a one kilometer-tall skyscraper, via
#ThingsMyExSaid "i know you taby, i know you did shit. Quit liein. " big trust issues there.
Will, since you won't tell, let me: Will's fav 80s movie was Colors & fav album Straight Outta Compton. Issue dead.
Speaking book clubs, after seeing is reading The Family Fang, I've added it to my own reading list. Has anyone else read it?
Thanx. Please RT to your followers.
I'm well. No mtgs scheduled today, but there's always a chance for impromptu ones.
He called me earlier & was like "Hey, beautiful." >>>
Congratulations to the winners of our Ultimate Sweepstakes!
Hopefully that's a good thing, haha.
Yes, the Smithsonian's is live tweeting a panda's artificial insemination
Your support is important to us. That is why we are offering GREAT deals that are exclusive to our followers :)
Argh! Wordpress is failing me when I only have six more minutes left to reply to comments this morning! *shakes fist*
Retired football star... Played mostly for San Diego Chargers >>RT : who was he cuhz?
No hands RT : Thought I sobered up last nt but I just got out the salon chair & stumbled. #imamess still the #bdayPRINCESS <U+E404>
All i know is i dont know how to be something you miss
be sure to give us details so we can #support!
RT : NT schools reqquire community service & internships, cmmty college credits before graduation
TGIF have a great weekend.
you are so cute! i love you! :)
what's been up wit u...
Just live free
im just tired af right now ,
Tuesday is the best time to engage with customers via social networking channels. #dsum12 via
Vendor at work hooked me up with #Cubs tickets for tomorrow. So that's cool.
Hey there, (kiranveeranki), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Go CANUCKS Go
ok long wait then lol
its coming ..stay tuned!
Please follow me(; 20
RT "A man paints with his brains + not with his hands." Michelangelo
Nissan is reintroducing the Datsun brand, which will produce inexpensive cars for foreign markets by 2014.
There's 2 things you need to RT #Pink & Purple &
Walking thru Detroit airport, had to stop to watch ESPN highlights of Braun's 3 home runs last night! See, no steroids, he's just that good.
All great things are simple, and many can be expressed in single words: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope.
The time is getting close. #tranZitions is almost here!!!
Tonight I was interviewed live by Larry King at work. His question: "What's this table for?" And then he went to commercial.
I will lol
shit not sure yet hopefully to chill and drink a lil
Earthscience-2012 is an exciting opportunity to showcase the new technology, the new products of your company, and/or the service your indu…
Hey annoying ppl?! i hate how u nevr stop complaining, did ya no
Likewise Lisa. Let's do it again soon. Maybe next time we shoot to be on Jerry Springer. Great seeing you!
I just commented on a sports blog. Next thing you know, I'll be showing up for homecoming in an RV, plaid pants, talking about good ol days.
I wanted to get sum liquor but i'm too scared to go outside
Anyone selling any land? I've got someone looking to BUY some hunting land around the Wausau area with a building already on the property.
Can someone explain to me as to why I'm allowed on the internet????
Twitter and Facebook on SelfControl for 23 hour increments until this presentation is done on Wednesday
I am so blessed with amazing, supportive friends! Thanks to everyone who has told me they're coming to my show tonight! <3
OK, re: Beijing, see my message.
When Hugh Hefner dies, will he really be going to a better place?
It's never a good idea to fall asleep on the bus. #yearbookpictures :/
Good morning amercia and let's go Panthers thst's Pittman Panthers football game today at Anderson park cif you get this tweet come let me c
One week, a few finals. Summer is almost here.
Last.fm on the Xbox is pretty cool. Rather have Pandora, but this works nicely.
solid, James!
Heading to Gus OH YEAH!
BRO I AM SICK.
Watching "The Darkest Hour" with my City Biddie, and T :)
#drupa day 6 - what's your focus? In hall 8b we'll help you grow your biz, delight customers, produce more & reduce costs
Click here to view more photos from the HubSpot Harvest party
Like over $100!
ditto. Just waiting until I can start the lawnmower without the neighbors throwing stuff at me.
Thank you!! She belongs to a ton of groups--click on link tab. Great!
Come for some beers--if u have time. No buying. That is right--drove passed & saw your roof being done. Are they done? :)
omg I have some like that !!
I am either too old, too out of touch or really slow. I don't get it....
S/O TO D.J MONEY STOPING THE KID AT THE LIGHT.. ASKING FOR THAT #MONEYTRAIN I WAS IN THE WIFE CAR SO I SAID ITS AT DTLR
": yessir" gotta get with you before we bounce
Thanks for the mentions! Have a great day!
oh, that can only mean one thing!!! I'll shy away from spoilers - we'll see it around the 13th!
Ate at last night. Love the place! Starting to consider myself a regular. Wish you would open another location in Bloomfield.
nice! :) i have my 2nd interview at American Apparel at moa tomorrow :) we could be work neighbors!
Thanks so much! I'm better now! It was a stupid implusive decision that I regret, but I'm much better now. <3
sounds great, lets catch up next week. we owe you an email too, tomorrow.
The football game did not go so well as we lost 42-14, but I made it through uninjured.
Go Beat alaska!!
A fast drive out a winding road on a sunny afternoon…
Growth is the willingness to let reality be new every moment." -Deepak Chopra
Back in tha lab makin it do what it do!
Macgamut? ..::shudder::.. I haven't thought about that in a while. I think I'm going to start having flashbacks now...
A Very Happy Thanksgiving to You too, Neha Ji! Have lots of Fun! Loved Your work in Raat Gayi Baat Gayi, and PGRO! :)
I'll re-watch -- thanks RT : Watch replay of Fla Derby and you will believe Take Charge Indy wins or gets a piece.
LIFES A FREAKY BITCH, SHE'L EAT U ALIVE!!
I want a chipwich
let's say 10:00 Rocks
Thank you for following me!
Just sat here trying to screw the cap back on the bottle until I realized I was going the wrong way...
ha ha. Watch out - I mean it and I have connections!
TOTALLY. But I still want Troy to go on an immunity run and shake shit up or its going to be a boring next 5 episodes.
i get what i want cause i ask for it, not because i'm really that deserving of it.
Still watching weekend storm for immed. area. At this point, looking like bulk of storm, and snow, will slip just south. Changes still poss.
Its also interesting to look at how cultural practices and design prescribe what gay should be.
Small rainbow over Hollywood right now!
Isn't that the beauty of dating: To find someone to match your weird..then exploit the process of doing so on twitter.
A heavy heart this morning...remembering our courageous friend, Stefanie Spielman, a true crusader...our thoughts are with the family....
I missed this show
I watch ur show everyday, love u girl :)
Colorado is the place to be for #summer2012 . Just sayin':)
Y r Evansvilles local Commercials so unprofessional looking and this background music/singers ITS REALLY BAD LIKE WATCHING OLD PORN WTF
when are you coming here? It's miserable and wet
Lord, please protect me from brokeness "diddy voice"
seriously! People just don't know..
I wish there was a candy delivery service. I really need some study fuel and nothing does the trick quite like Twizzler Pull 'N Peels.
if nothing else, Adam McQuaid and Nathan Horton have earned themselves big raises this series.
Happy Cinco De Mayo
10 days til we launch on our mobile app! RT this for a chance to win a $25 gc @ any bripp bar!
New book? Exciting! Finally settled: new city, new job, new home, new car. <takes breath> It's been great though :)
There I go again. Creating a mature, socially responsible social media message for all involved.
It was amazing.
how was ya sleep
and u have to let me take u on a date that's the rules lol
I hate how cable companies have made it virtually impossible to get premium like HBO without paying for crappy channels I don't care about!
I'm happy.My mentor John Maxwell, got me my very first keynote. I loved it and came alive on stage. :)
Major case of the Mondays!
Ugh my stomach... Wtf!
Dear charity walkers: Please don't give your 7-yr-old an iPhone to play with during the walk. Especially if they're in front of me.
LOL "She gives me chocolate for lunch!" Happy Mother's Day Lynn!
all of this 'follow them and i follow u' crap is bombing my tweet feed get over urself and find a new hobby
I just wish Tebow sucked as a Chief. We could use some wins.
FYI, says you are supposed to buy me a beer. Just sayin. ;)
Cathy Bates playing dead Charlie Sheen on "Two & a who gives a Shit"... Chuck Lorre probably thinks he & that show are still funny
Back to sleep
"There have been no recent accounts about bullying behavior by Mr. Romney," points out.
You're a good poet.
now im very edgy on havin girls singing on a track , but i wouldnt mind doing it . She dope !! Great voice
... can't agree any more hahs!!
RT : MWP made the right basketball play! Point blank period! A NBA pro has to make open shots!!!
omg. omg. omg. omg. new ipad. omg. omg. five live blogs and a twitter feed. it's like i'm there!!!!!!!!!!
Getting tired. Gatta get up n drive back to Atlanta
This Girl really wanna know who I am lol
Woke up this morn & a layer of flesh was missing from the roof of my mouth. Damn you delicious late night Edisons pizza!.
I was there! RT : Cy Wakeman: Reality Based Leadership--ditch the drama & turn excuses into results. (@ Crowne Plaza Reading)
Woke up to the Emu Attack theme in my head! Thanks, !
They need to drop a new boosie mixtape it's been to long
hope he feels better! :-/
Good pick, I don't hate it.
you're welcome. And thanx for the followback ;)
Sterling: you cannot give me (anyone) everything that I want,or solve all problems, so don't try #ixda11 try for the permanent beta
Informal does not mean casual, unstudied, or undisciplined - Dean Feuer
“Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks, and courage.”~Charles Luckman
no!!! Tell twitter to fix this!
You would hate on Flight of the Conchords, you inbred fuck. Can't wait to see you!
I've been avoiding hims for weeks
take a photo of the game and upload to Earn cash.
I hate waiting for a urinal to open up. Guys standing next to each other smh
Awesome! Hope both are fun pieces to work on :)
also, we have two medium and one xl dino shirt left! ten dollar(:
REMINDER: Revised 2010 UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules now available (become effective August 15, 2010). See UNCITRAL website.
Valentines day improved via class at and John pizzarelli playing over speakers at teaism.
is running part of the interview this morning. Looking forward to seeing the rest!
Rainy days are really calming :)
Happy Birthday to the ! Congratulations on 9 great years in the Nashville community.
Damn I don't wanna leave the house for this stupid ass inservice at my job
come in June. Club will be brand new. Keep in touch!
How's that blog about moving to LA coming?
#honestly that bugs me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
How was the wedding today??
You can always find reasons to not do something but honestly you only need one reason to actually do something.
RT I say is where the true geniuses work.
I may have just spent nearly an hour searching the internet for ugly book covers. I was richly rewarded.
"It is true that scars remind us where we've been, but they don't indicate where we're going"
isnt an iconic boy anymore so he doesn't have to delete he's account
If you are not leaning, no one will let you down.
How about a guy who could play SLB to the Colts in the 2nd? Only 1 LB taken, could mean good value.
I get in next Thursday night and leave on Sunday - I have an event at Huntington Park on Saturday night, u around all weekend?
APAC Assembly tomorrow!!! Are you ready?? We got the talented Jennifer Chung coming here straight from Cali! Peg Ballroom, doors open at 6!
Same shit different day .
that sounds gross!!!
Bass vs. Harper. Here we go...
Poor victim. RT : RT you hold America hostage with your godawful "football" writing ... And yet---
I'm so fucking sleepy. I wanna go to bed. I fell asleep in Art. I can't keep my eyes open. I need energy.
RT : When #SCOTUS hands down ObamaCare ruling, recall Pelosi said when the Court speaks, it's "almost as if God has spoken."
This incomprehensible reality is so incomprehensible that any other incomprehensible reality seems comprehensible.
When I'm tired of staring at a computer screen...I get outside and garden (rake leaves) to find a balance to social network saturation!
There is nothing going on in politics today that is nice. Nothing. Zilch. Zip. Nada.
Congratulations! Well deserved.
But marketing & advertising or business management or accounting I can go either way
Look forward to seeing you, Nikki!
Oh Lord, what has the done to ruin my peaceful Sunday morning? Thanks for all these RTs.
Maybe the Colts should take Tebow just in case Luck cannot play with the big guys!!!!
#Sixers game day! Philly going to take a 2-1 lead tonight!!!!
Pobrecitas...the Mexican women futbol team is the shortest in the whole tournament, with an average height of 5'3". That's tall in my book!
Some weaves are pretty..
OMG i gotta go see Dark Shadows !!!
"fear not, for i am with you."
US choreographer Mark Morris received the Creativity Foundation Award at the Smithsonian last week.
I Have 20% Battery Too! And I Can't Find My Charger!
I believe you meant to write soprano sax, correct?
I think my two biggest girl crushes are Scarlett Johansen and Carrie Underwood
'comoon! Follow me. I don't bite! ;)
": #ThingsPGKidsSay You got the juice - ( )"
Hey Chris! I saw 's Community Manager job listing & came right to Twitter. Is there a better contact to reach you?
how far from the contestants camp do you stay when not filming?
I Miss You by Blink 182 >
Familia follow my fam "where true hip hop is" in the
Are the corners of the ice at MSG kept dark so the hockey players can still get mugged during a game in New York City?
Fireworks(from TN) over the lake in CT.
is my email working? people are slacking. now let me try to pull what they're doing right now and won't I get called out.
Looking at MacBook Pros. My poor baby ha a dead battery and sounds like an airplane taking off. Guess that's what happens after 4.5 years...
Thank you! Nice profile picture ; )
dude does your buddy Zach do good work?
As the jury was brought in, faces were hard to read but it is hard to fathan why they would carte if she fulfilled complaint requirement
Hope has as many lives as a cat or a king. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
hey eveyone! i need some advice on how you go about getting a music band manger in la?? help please! muah!
That last tweet was incorrect. The show on the 17th has been canceled. Sorry to disappoint. I know you all were very excited.
19 drivers busted today in San Diego for illegal use of disabled placards. DMV says they face big fines, possible jail time.
It's the lowest note in the #MozartRequiem Kyrie subject which gets stressed, not the highest. Same with Handel's And With His Stripes.
Bob Errey, stalking players all the way to Sweden -_-
Play me in scramble carnell k
Tomorrow we welcome a new incoming class of students, aka our 2015 alums! GET READY BALTIMORE!
Anybody can lower prices--but can you raise the quality of the products & services you offer?
I love so many guys .... So many girls but the first guy and women i ever said i love you to , was my mom and dad.
i love it when you give me head. i hate it when you give me headaches.
Who else counts the hours of sleep they are gonna get before they fall asleep and are disappointed when it's not as much as you want?
I've been better. Was sick all night & today now having plumbing issues again. How are you? How's Lexi?
Razor Ramon Sessions
im actually feeling tired now so I might actually sleep
I'm not Judging anybody, cause I no ppl Make Mistakes but there's Too many ways to Prevent Pregnancy.
looks. so. delicious. will have to try it out!
- who do you think is the best rookie QB in the NFL just now?
Feeling sick so i got taken out early. If i end up with the flu I'm going to be pissed
About to go out with a few important people .
Sometimes it's just nice to know that there are nice people in this bad world
did justin got the guiness award for holding his breath for a longtime?
Thanks for the Retweet!
have mercy. We can't hang out I'm gaining weight.
We love that! RT : Burrito beach for the second day in a row
A great afternoon meeting the cast for a film, we are shooting with Broken Scar Productions. First read through sounded great!
Something's missing and I don't know what it is at all
Riding the Seattle Center monorail for the first time. Super cool.
....and not just about basketball...I love having your back.
no! I love Pulp!
Haha. With that said, don't go pistol-whipping anyone either. I know you learned that at Curley, too.
M u know it "baby" lol ;)
congratulations on a great fight & victory
#WMATA bus no. 2097 is speeding and driving aggressively. Nearly left a dozen people w/out stopping at Dupont. Drvr needs a courtesy lesson
Will check in on the Raspberry Vanilla Wheat (RSV) in a few hours. Soon I will know if the Madagascar Vanilla was worth the $9.
Erica was starting the most drama
Men who eat many prunes, sit on toliet many moons.
Probably both would actually have to, you know, commit terrorism at some point
Kudos 4 your moving, touching, engaging acct. in SI of how 2 of the world's best tennis plyrs survived the Titanic. Well done!
now take off your pants!
I'm about to MMA your butt if u don't call me!!!! Hahaha
what happened?
O.o It doesn't make sense for me to waste money going to Six Flags b/c I wouldn't get on any rides , UNLESS its for a field trip again .
lol!!! We're both kidding though >:)
love it! Hope all goes well!
GD Barrel Select is dangerous in my house! Love the stuff!
DM me i need yo line asap
I know ur sleeping but I was busy and never checked my Twitter But I miss u too ;)
Bitch i'm going in
Absolutely. I look forward to discussing your project.
I<U+FFFD>m starving I<U+FFFD>m going eat something
I see a guy pushing one around the M Streets on the way home everyday! I will buy it from him today.
chip kelly is leaving??
At Univ Chas Energy Symposium with David Porges, CEO of EQT Corp being interviewed ...
are you in Vegas and didn't tell me? Bo
i agree wiv that..
this month lol
writing night tonight :)
curated all the art by ArtStar and it looks amazing! stop by and snag yourself something pretty!
Alright sorry guys an emergency came up and we can't do the stickam chat today. It we are going to have it tomorrow at 5:30 central time!
Two of our guys rode Ft. Ben yesterday and loved it! Who else has been there - what do you think?
It's Wednesday and I'm a hot mess. Second cup of coffee, let's do this.
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
I'm with everybody on booing Mauer, but please lay off Morneau. He wants to be out there more than anybody...concussions are a bad deal.
Bumping Tupac This Morning In The Kitchen!
I think that meant I love you too
I had to leave class early b/c my cough got so bad!! Or was I just overcome by Brown Pride??
My iPod is letting me do everything but crop a picture. Every time I try it turns off. The picture is of myself.
happy birthday..
I am currently cat sitting a gorgeous Birman called Oliver. Get well soon! (flower)
this is bogous!
this is crazy!! RT : holy mother of … reports saying Junior Seau killed himself
Gen.2:18 Man needs a wife. Every benefit is more appreciated more fully if it arrives after its need is felt
Orca whales are absolutely horrible. Free Willy, my ass.
really, when was the last year U saw a Colt team make this many penalties? Very undisciplined!! They need a coaching change!!!
true well u was gone for sometime so welcome back lol
Great work with Alex tonight! Long time coming!
.There is a dead animal decaying in my apartment. I can smell it but I can't find it. Driving me insane!
I tried it...am more energetic and was able to do more cardio...but the getting to work later tradeoff was not worth it.
Srsly turned off the outdoor lights and could still see trees, not shadows, down the street
I think we might put up a "behind the scenes" video since our EP release got pushed back.
When you're talking to someone you like you make sure every single thing you say is perfect
Did Doc not learn my lesson from last year and spend on Utley?
22444 8 favorite candy? - Sour Patch Kids ^.^ IB- Mikey <U+E32A>
Headed down to to check it out! You should be there too!
Please stop grouping Twitter posts in FB under "See 19 similar from Twitter". I keep missing posts from others because of this.
I may or may not have tweeted that because of your cool picture... Haha I just might!
The Last Song is #oneofmyfavoritemovies! <U+2665>
thanks Sarah!
my record pre-order hasn't shipped yet, sad panda.
Insecure boy is around today? Really JT2? Ugh, k just love your Marlins, Lakers and gay black friends for the day I guess. Grrrr...
oh she is! so playful/lovable. she jumps on me begging to be petted then runs around me happily &plays w/leaves in her mouth lol
I heard the clubs are empty tonight!!!! Thanks alot wal-mart....lol
Healthy oils: Which oil should you use?: ... healthy nutrients, ie, the vitamins and polyphenols that work in the body as antioxidant...
#BroughtonMemories Walkin all the way on the other side of the school to class in 6 min
#2011icf #SirKenRobinson... but it means we have to dig more deeply into who we are...
“: During the Great Depression, women would douche with lysol. (Do not try at home)” no that's some shit
To remove rust spots from chrome car bumpers: Rub the bumper with a crumpled-up piece of Reynolds Wrap aluminum foil dipped in Coca Cola
Right! I could get my family doctor to say anything to back in the day...shameful!
It takes meatballs to call a place Little Italy when you're not Italian or in the actual Little Italy.
We've had Austin Fire, EMS, Emergency Ops Center, Austin Energy officials on the phone with us all morning long to keep you safe Stay w us!
Gearing up for a busy April so we're massively following! Hollywood needs you! Look out for our new UR Hollywood Blog next month
cups of the XO.
I finally got my head together, now my body is falling apart.
Exile, for no other motive than ease, would be the last defeat, with no seed of future victory in it.
Of corps that decided to offer benefits for another year, a growing percentage are making employees pay a heftier share of the premium
" Can you boo former UO defensive standouts Justin Wilcox and Peter Sirmon?" >>No - they deserve to make a living. Good guys.
I'm feeling extra gassy today and I hope everyone enjoys my farts.
Off to bed. #goodnighttweetybirds!
. Can we count on your vote to help us get a #VAGOP controlled Senate? Vote #GOP TODAY
It's like, "Mommy, what's THIS part supposed to sound like?" "Uh.. fireworks, honey!"
Mike good to know there are others out there that can not put their iPad down. It's like I birthed a son.
apparently, problem is inclusion of SNOMed in UMLS was created by College of American Pathologists, wouldn't open up
- I knw wats #REAL..... I'll never give up on what me n hym got !!!!
One security guard is back... Still nervous.
Pinterest can be used in the classroom setting... ask me for ideas...
let me know if you stop by - can say hello and put you in touch with some of our social folks too
no, it wasn't you! You're fine, I completly understand your situation
On the plane...waiting to take off to see at the Mint(: flying from Texas guys. Be thankful.
Changing the light bulb on a radio tower?
jessica marie clausi loves this little nerd<3
Back at you, man...hope all is well. Did you see some of the pics i posted from my trip?
What pairs w/hamentashen? My first thought, Prosecco. But what about Port?
It's one of those days...but I'm getting a lot done. :)
forgive the lag time-- i went off the grid right after that awesome display-- hard not to get choked up at those call to arms
having a blast with ma friends(:...!!<3 got to love them<3
we shall hang tomorrow. deal?
wow can I search him and add him
So true! Every day is a new beginning! :)
10k is a fun, pushes you hard.
My 80 y-o aunt is our family mom. Everyone has felt her loving care: her grandmother, mother, brothers, children & grands. Lucky us.
thanks, Teri! it's been a great day :)
haha you only have 50 followers
JSB: "What would grant challenges look like if set forth by American Academy of Arts & Sciences?" Need both HUMA & STEM
I want to become 's next Community Web Producer! Mention me in a Tweet or go to 11Alive's FB page & "tag" me with a comment. Pls RT
“ Loving someone who doesn't love you back is like hugging a cactus. The tighter you hold on, the more it hurts.”
John Dye was warm hearted,smart,sweet,dedicated, and was born with a beautiful soul. RIP John Dye, you'll always be remembered n loved.
people that do pop ups usually are people that want to open a restaurant, but don't have investors.
Thank you. That's still closer than the one I know in Slidell. :-)
Chivalry is dead today.
Wow, that is veering into some dangerous territory
Can I call you Lois from now on and Petter?
Tomorrow: Writing an article, a press release, & some super, sexy marketing material for P.S. Don't tell
um, yeah. Why not? Come here NOW! We're going to wicked willy's. It'll be really fun.
follow me if drose for mvp
. on #socmed for #nonprofit orgs: would YOU want to read the content you're posting? If not, you're doing something wrong.
I hate that I miss you. I hate that you forgot about me. I hate that you don't want me. I hate that I still care about you.
#ff quality people are people of quality!
Almost 1am, deep in objc, doing deployments in canada, usa, japan from maine w appblade, its gotta be some kind of stress test :)
It's been a busy fall season in the black box theatre at DMSC. We're not stopping anytime soon! Up next Blackbird by David Harrower.
i love you big homie
University $-chasing not only in college sports, i.e. Mercatus ctr; the "student-athlete" myth
Xavier Avery is just begging for a foot race from
Just heard the good news that a friend's open heart surgery was successful and he is out of the ICU. Happy.
lmao well little fun fact for ya, the brewers actually have never won a world series.
the second week of May is pretty open for right now...
El Patio in Midtow: Best damn FREE day party period.
worked at citi with Lew...false. Check your facts!
JAMES BIG DADDY CRAWFORD
I love cover bands.
not really. Dinner with M'lady and probably do some work. Adult type shit.
Tell me how you gone breathe without me .
heading to vegas in a couple hours. Would love to grab a drink w/ you.
Nothing fancy for dinner tonight !!
Think I will pick a random GREAT Mother to send flowers to for Mothers Day... #YouDeserveIt ;-)
I really hope ND wins tonight!!!
I want to know why my nose piercing hole smells wierd!
Shump look done. Damn!!!
Going to go to the Y in a little
Barron lays the fucking wood!!! Dolphins up, fingers crossed, let's not fuck it up this year phins
My pleasure buddy :) Gotta spread the word!
im from tx
Woohoo! Thanks so much for sharing! Have you given the Android app a try?
How about pancreas? ;-) RT I like elk meat
totally fine! Just taking some deep breaths! :)
Just got back from school :)
Yay! Pan Am looks terrific. Even if it is a rip off of Mad Men, the fashions are sweet! Good luck!
IT WAS. Text me!
Elbows are a very silly thing. Kinda like black people.
oh, okay! :) I'm Irene from Spain, you know ;) hahaha
Thank you so much!
Somewhere out there, there is someone who dreams of your smile :)
Giving makes dreams become reality.
Devin the Dude in Cleveland on WTR: via
You are fucking horrible.
working, bo call in sick! haha
Dismissing someone as a "hater" seems to be the preferred defense mechanism of the thin-skinned and the fraudulent.
Thanks for helping to spread the word!
Headed back to Reno & found out Larry & His Flask is playing The Alley tonight. One of the best live shows I've EVER seen.
Off to the doctor..
We love HH! RT : Still at the tk had my wings now having some jager shots for happy hour prices (@ The Tilted Kilt -Downtown)
Alright my glamorous entourage out there in twitterland....im officially back in action!! Free hair/makeup//lifetstyle tips are a flowin!!
It was the 40's. War. Women hit the workforce. Fashion designers dared ask 'Wouldn't it be funny if we made hats that looked like vahoohas?'
Thanks for the coverage of Johnson County Middle School and their ninth Governor's Cup Title. does a great job for our kids.
Watch out next week 4 a new fun #Tarot competition on the www.tarotspeakeasy.com blog - dare you discover if u r a Tarot Saint or Sinner?
and a response! Usually only steve responds... Thus making u the shit ha :-)
thanks 4 the followback! if you need shears or sharpening call text or tweet! my new webstore will be up very soon!
this is fabulous!
I´m in school.... I was going to have gymnastics but the teacher didn´t came...... so I´m at the computers with my class mate´s LOL
Ready for summer 2012! So #excited to be immersed in #investigative reporting as well as sports #journalism. Oh yeah and some beach time.
hey, that's great. "His approach to teaching is both classical and modernist." and again, you're not wearing a tie!
My Top 5 Favorite Classic Rock Bands Of All-Time: 1). Led Zeppelin 2). Pink Floyd 3). Black Sabbath 4). RUSH 5). Jimi Hendrix Experience
im sleepy
Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. -Matthew 5:3
Don't forget our reception this Friday, May 6 from 6 to 8:30pm!
maybe true but it's a common error to assume yahoo is a spent force. At very least there are lessons to be learned here
Wow #21jumpstreet was some funny shit!! #goingtobed with pain from laughin too much!!:)
FRESH TIP FOR YOUR SOUL: Love as if you have never been hurt before! The journey is so much more fun that way! :) xo, Kerry
Happy Thanksgiving!
you mise well check out my music and give me some real feedback.. i can trust you cuz you in da real game i respect that
Um.......oh. HI! We're on Instagram now! :D Follow us and we'll follow you! :)
Hey, I just met you, & this is crazy, but here's my twitter, so follow me maybe? ;)
Rain... Pourin... All my cars is foreign
Last full week of bullshit.
haha are you at work and on the lemonade diet?
be safe!
Agreed on PD. Learning is a symphony where tech tools are the instruments & teachers are the conductors.
me n jackie are walking around burchfield.
Workers have never claimed such a paltry share of real national income growth.
Is there any good app that will allow me to record a podcast using my iPhone? (looking for good sound quality)
And Oscar jumped on the bed an I got up an jumepd off my bed and the stupid arch framein my room And I hit my hand
Gov. don't foreget that us Retaiees on S S only will have to Pay 9%Sales Tax +State S.Taxw/ Cain's 999 that means 666 to us
lol no doubt. Selling it for a bike I think
Nice lunch mtg with Gayle. VSAI has some great things going on! Go VSAI!
UK sucks. UofL all day
BIG ANNOUNCEMENT tomorrow at #7LV.. Make sure your at church! Meet me at 6pm for leaders meeting to be the first to know!
The AAUP 2012 Faculty Salary Survey bothers me because it's only showing part of the picture; what about all the adjunct faculty?
Almost done with MBA admissions for Fall 2011; we sent another batch of decision letters out yesterday. One final set will go in two weeks.
": I want an enchilada :) making that tomorrows mission"quesadillllllllas way better.
- Whats The Movie Called .?
Jael de Pardo is my dream woman
Haha. I dressed up like one of them for Halloween! Do you like Mikey Whiskey Hands?
Here we salute fabulous women
will you be attending nearby Bob Jones University?
SOS radio is what you're looking for!
oh lol hm fail
well then let's have that conversation Billion times more. :P Fine Then. We are equally the same. How was your birthday? :)
I worked on 2 Academy Award nominated films. #W.E #margincall Go
Wat about U?
thought same thing
shamrock shake!!!!
Awesome! #Nurses always know how to stand their ground.
Marty Cesario and Brian Roth breakdown the latest CET football polls.
Remind me again why the humidity has to be so high? Ugh.
congrats , well deserved and more to comes, go get the ring now
Fromage firming up nicely. Shout out to the pander pioneers in my life: mi madre and So AMPED!
#networks Great idea ! A lot of people don't think of this.
yours is pretty good too!
hi I'm fine thx ? Do u know me ??
"The Art & Science of Optometric Care" Clinical Curriculum course starts later this week in Phoenix! See you there!
this rain fucking up my hustle!
im already following them if only u could get them to follow me
Love that at our party every time we hear "Hugo" it's followed by "son of a--"
Back in the day when football was football
no im not looking for someone else imma tell u tht once n only once
hit me up on twitter when you get back 3>
Look for our 90 Calorie Packs they are a great treat during bathing suit season!
Maybe work on your Spanish?
Hey Willow
cool. Then how about the summer holiday? Is it also three months?
This Evo not charging...<<<
u better stay outta trouble lol
Apparently $100B isn't enough money to build a mobile app with a single email opt-out instead of 100 checkboxes.
Yeah!! RT : If I wasn't playing golf...I would be living in Colorado as a ski bum. Or, I would own a bunch of Chipotles...
dolo means solo...as in singular
Ah. NOW I see. Was already following you; moved you to a list that is bookstores and zines and reviews.
The project that most scares you is the project you need to do first.
You must get to Homewood sometimes, right? Let me know & we'll meet for a coffee or something!
thanks Rocks!!
Kid doesn't know what mountain of vegetables (think the Alps) she will have to pass through first.
Pinky & The Brain <3
your too blessed to be stressed. Let go and Let God!
My stomach is protesting violently from the Brewers win last night against the Diamondbacks. Great game.
is it good? re: chocolate covered bacon.
haven't found them as effective as Facebook Ads
At Whole Foods in Charlottesville, the cheesemonger sings. Loudly.
"A mind free from all disturbance is Yoga." - The Yoga Sutras of Patanjali
Bout to knock this to-do list on its ass.
I am SO lucky <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
We like that you're kicking it off with us!
We're doing some new things around Halo... It's gonna be a huge change! We hope you'll stop by and check it out.
That will be perfect! Super close. Hope you have a smooth move and see you next session!
I loved my Tandy 1000. Oh so much.
Duh, you know women signed the Declaration of Independence. I know because I was there. I should work for Santorum, huh?
ha - truth comes out! Seriously tho these are some good tips. Did u know ur supposed to vacuum your bed?
Ralph Lauren boat shoes I'm already crusin'.
Need custom t-shirts for summer camp? Hit us! It's what we do.
GOT A BAD BITCH, NOTHIN BUT BUTT. MONEY TALK FO ME SHUT THE FUK UP!
Next week is the last half off dinner on Mon & Tues at The Clifton Inn. If you have not been - its a really great deal.
Thank you so much for sharing! We appreciate the love =)
well today is gonna be alot of drama but im just gonna avoid it and not gonna be childish like them.
Happy Valentine's Day! Today we announce the availability of creative arts therapies for patients of UMDNJ-University Hospital
ooopss I revealed myself=O
#coyoteruns can I post some aqua jogging sessions up in this mofo? I mean just in case there are some injured runners needing cardio.
Just kidding. It was probably me, anyway...
you're making me hungry! I'll eat it all… cc
if you can truly live the life you want - no regrets.
ewww took a liquid instead >.<";
People with clenched fists can not shake hands - Indira Gandhi
I wanted to win
hahahah what did you get done?
plz tweet ma daya tweeted me plz follow back
Every time I listen to 'Little Amy' from the series 5 #DoctorWho soundtrack, I get a little misty-eyed.
we'll always have Stuffies. Or is it Stuffy's? I call it delicious. And cheap.
Pickup Line: Is there a mirror in your pants? Because I can see myself in them.
Yup....right after we changed in the fedex office bathroom.
watching the grizzly man.....this guy is an absolute fucking IDIOT..of course he got killed by a bear
The boys bday party has started! Bunch of 9 year olds screaming and skating in the basement listening to cindi lauper
See you next lifetime, Ellen Page.
Wisconsin State University is lookin' pretty bad. Keep it up, BYU!
Toilet paper? RT : Can anyone guess what 's top selling product is? I learned this from the great report on
i'm a trending topic on twitter!
Thanks for the blog post tweet
I'm fairly certain the girl in the middle isn't wearing pants.
yes it is
A 4:00 appointment just opened up if anybody wants it. Send me a text @ (404) 771-0164.
It lightens my heart to know that there are still middle age men who where too much black and strange hats and meet in coffee shops
wait, what?
At JFK waiting for my connecting flight to Minnesota then back to Cheeseland!
I just met Downtown Julie Brown at the Boom Boom Room !
If someone will pay my way I will.
Back to my middle school weight. To be fair there wasn't much of a difference tho
I'm not even mad. Oh, and she just had a baby....wow.
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when someone wakes me up
Equals positive results my friend !
That disheartening moment when you can't remember the direction of intention
“: Emo haircuts might give you lazy eye, not that it matters. Nothing matters anymore”. Lol
pretty sure those were IBUPROFEN I just took. Not sure though
Bummer....Sometimes things don't go the way you want them go. That's life!
Follow Back:)
yay! Welcome to the cult!
Thank you! And how are YOU doing?
Sleeping in till noon. Oh yeah. :D going to be a good day.
Come watch some afternoon baseball or a little #USOpen action with us while enjoying some ice cold adult beverages.
#8x10designs.com small business design package, Just $375 including business cards and stationary. 484-378-9103
No yoga tonight. I am officially under the weather.
lovin #lotusflowerbomb what was you inspiration for that song?
woo hoo! Just passed at Copley - if it weren't for meetings we'd be knee deep in some delicious smoked beef!
Happy birthday bro!
Top of da morning ... yard is open !!! have a safe day ..
New snaks on the block...all natural doggie biscuits..for your best friend..Slobber Snaks..come get some!!
We have tons of #awesome prizes to give to our performers this week. Thx to + more.
Patrick: "Daddy, can a car go faster than a cheetah?" Me: "Absolutely." Thankfully, I still have ALL the answers to life's big questions.
preparing a quote for carpet cleaning and stripping floors for an office building. visit teamgocleaning.com!
arlington cinema and draft house... But it isn't easily accessed by metro
There was a Levi's Workshop is Soho that allowed you to check out cameras.
sweet I'll add it to the list
Sorry Chuck. I feel out of practice.
glad you'll be back on the hill soon....
I will be on Red Rivers Live at Red River Radio today with Host Dellani Oakes and guest Mitch Haynes at 12 noon central time.
silent u wrong for that comment lol. I can't even repeat it
That just wouldn't be fair - By the way, Kemp batting .402 with .484 OBP before that last base hit
Not everything is a
Aww, the sound of battery backups chirping is starting to get on my nerves.
Huh guessing I should of done some of my homework...but nah
“: noel really ugly af'” so mean loo
Just made plane reservations for Israel. Attending Yad Vashem's 8th International Conf. Abstract was accepted - working on presentation.
then ask him
you're Danzig to me. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080>
Someone call the ambulance
oops. #Dimon not #Diamond. I'm thinking Blood Diamonds or something. Pardon me! LOL!
Confidence boost? seek self discipline combined with a positive attitude.
So happy Xtina's team didnt win..shes annoying!
Haven't been able to sleep so foreskin tired but lol
Did anyone else see Bar Pilar on LivingSocial's Instant Deals front page? +1 to whoever thought of that.
i am on my way home right now, i will try to make it!(:
Trying to catch up on housework and play since starting my part time job
I never mentioned you. -.- Lol, So why qet so Mad??. It was just a quote, That's all. O.o (:
Which American born Black actor is best known for his portrayal in 19th Century productions of Othello? visit www.americanlegacymag.com
Haha! Now you know why I had all those tweets :)
Lost our game ohh well..
I smell like a black Smh lol
Lol american dad
I must've missed that. He deserves a heavy suspension though. No place for that. Its not MMA.
Google offered (attractively) "library as loss leader." Amazon moving into libspace as well (conflating Prime w Amazon)
Thank you for happiness ! RT : Hey hey hey, it's #WienerWednesday! Come in and get ANY dog for $5!
That sounds awesome RT : Hi, really liking the clothing. Do you mind if I do a post about your label on my blog?
Well If I got to chose $1B or $2mill yeah. But the odds of the $1B pay off are slim. I probably would have chosen profit now too
Still getting everything going with starlight and the new EP thank you for your patience....it a lot of work but well worth it in the...
Rock on! RT “: PT's happy hour!” I want some sushi!
I can't even watch the #Brewers game anymore, ridiculous... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I got the photo, but I didnt get the performance
Mirror/not being/alone
Hey Mr. Dorsey, how about a Who am I... wednesdays. We pick a scene from a movie and say who am i? Can you start that.
Hos callin' my brother at midnight...but he's asleep so the whole house has to wake up and listen to their inconsiderate rings for 10 mins!
Even though the party may be over on Indiegogo, you can still get updates about the project by liking us on Facebook...
In the second edition, forthcoming in 2012: an essay on "Nature," by Cindi Katz.
still in a delay?
#mkesnow sparkling! Gorgeous out, still, sunny (almost too bright at points), great shadows and drifts to look at!
David Guetta+gym=insane workout!!
#dh2010 Is there a drinking fountain in this building somewhere??
SO TRUE! RT : Friends are those rare people who ask how we are & then wait to hear the answer ~ Ed Cunningham
Made it to Dusseldorf! And my bag! Yay!
Should I go see Youth Lagoon tonight or not?
at #SunlifeStadium. Same as the last 2 years....
i want credit :-)
i'm starting to question everything
daz wat it is..dm me yo address dre want me to get ti from u so he kan write u & u still work at da same spot
It pays to do an amazon/google search for stuff from #gilt; just found a gift for my daughter for $20 cheaper.
stay at 15 and grab Brockers.
Merry Monday, Mardy. You're looking in rare form. <-- No idea from where "mardy" came. Thought remains.
In thee #amount we trust
Just made it to my sis house with my men ....ready to eat good
Thanks for another great #TChat You're awesome!
Pilates, spinning, Wegmans, rock star to cats for feeding time, my feedbag, TV, g'night.
/// Are these cats playing "Shook Ones" for the Spurs??
Honor earth week at Andaluz!!!! Bring in own bag get 20% off purchase!!!
Quite surprised by My Week With Marilyn and quite touched by Albert Nobbs.
This looks like one of the many games this year where C's will get all their misses-out in 1st half...
Now on train in Southampton heading back to London for last stage of #TourofBritain, might actually do some research afterward.
“Some people find fault like there is a reward for it.” Zig Ziglar
We wonder what the wonderful people of #NoLA will have to offer as 1vsOne material. Stay tuned.
great stuff + affordable prices + great customer service = ESELL Auctions
is it general admin or seated?
I need a vaca.
I never knew you looked like a fruit cup btw
Bj novak is such a fucking tool!
I'll thank you in advance --hope it treats you right!
Submit your poems today to the new SLAM! National Newsletter! . Deadline is August 31, 2011.
Completely forgot you had a twitter. Use it more.
we're on our way!
Re: , I feel like Instrumental hip hop is like the concept car. It showcases new styles and moves it forward.
Merry Christmas to all and to all a goodnight!
Ideally, business copywriters will have core SEO knowledge and capabilities
most importantly he signed frank herrmann
As familiar as I am with , I've never actually used it until today! Amazing app. Not sure how I will be using it though.
I know what you mean! RT : I cannot keep up. Where's my staff of free labor?
When drafting Terms of Use, if there are key terms the company specially wants, summarize them up front in bold.
With its location at the corner of Sisson and 28th St., is super convenient to the JFX. Right between offramp and onramp!
#five directions diner
wishing you a great weekend
wednesday :P
Most people text when they get drunk... I'm pretty sure instagrams when he's drunk. Hahah
Glad we're on the same page. Safety first. Buzzed second. Feeling good the whole day.
as you grow older, you start to appreciate the things that you didn't think mattered when you were younger.
at all. Smh.
Missing someone, is shit
So true! RT : Staying hydrated via water and moisturizer is so crucial in the winter
Yes! RT programming for the next few months. Looks like a good winter to avoid the cold in my favorite place.
Wait wait wait is his account hacked or something or is he really that much of a douche, the shit he's tweeting lolwtf.
I'm liking this new twitter app lbs
If Gerald Wallace has two more good years left in him, Rudy to New Jersey for Wallace ST and Anthony Morrow is interesting
AND THESE PANTS LOOK FABULOOUUUUUUUUUUSSSSS
yeah effin right.
Does anybody get DMs saying this person said nasty stuff about you and I found a picture of you that I'm laughing at?
It's boring not Tweeting.
Thanks so much for the #FF! :)
Screw guys.
Agree and disagree- WAY fun! RT This list says PR executive is 7th most stressful job. Do you agree? bit.ly/y2Uku1
Almost finished with a client after this its time for the
Greatest finish ever!?! Manchester City
Oh you can see your NEON green bra through your shirt....that's really cute. You should go home and think about your life choices.
it should be why
I love salsa music!
Paul's supporters are ever-present on school grounds; his name scrawled in chalk on every wall, his cultists never relenting.
Harnish? Is that is name? I mean I like the kid. He's mobile and has a arm but I feel like Keenum would have been a bett ...
Also working on A Very Short Introduction to Modern Japan. Fascinatingly informative.
Your eyes need rest, so make sure you get a good amount of sleep everyday.
The Latino Museum & Occupy Los Angeles Community “Artivist” present “We Art the 99%”, 7-9pm tonight, 514 S Spring St
im sure you do. what about if the taxpayers money gets used nefariously though?
Not an issue, im not running for pres #ifIwerelesbian & if I was running, i'd marry a girl just to make it interesting
IT'S GOIN DOWN 2NYT INSIDE CLUB MANSION IT FINNA BE KRUNK!”
Prom is today! Skied!
With Jessica Simpson pregnant, her current figure makes her look like she was already an obese cow before conception.
Hi! What's shaking in your healthy neck of the woods?
That, and I've decided that it's funny. The alternative is depression, pain, suffering, etc.
THE BEACH!
crap. Yes that's what I meant.
if da shoe fit wear that mufucka
Fuckkkkkk what happened to my black beanie I need a new one and I can't wear my w$gt$ one :(
Hey how are you doing?
A2: Research the organization and tailor your resume and portfolio to the position!
enough, and it's impossible to have a conversation on here or really follow a discussion. except those goofy #s. i think i'm over it...
Only short-term change Instagram's planning is a "laughing all the way to the bank" filter. Makes all your pics look money.
Catching up on alot of my shows
Last chance to vote for us in the for Best Folk/Americana/Roots AND Best Maine Act. Finger's crossed!
LOL OMG SARAH. its just like how you'd pronounce "kaitlyn" but i just spell it different(: its pronounced normally. lol.
Just saw this dude with the biggest dreadlock Ive ever seen...looked like a bassethound ear
RT : Tune in to Fox at 8:30pm where I discuss the imminent #SuperBowl win
#FF Those who illuminate and elucidate the books:
End of the show :( Free movie passes acquired :)
If I didn't answer your text/bbm I'm not ignoring you, my phones acting fucking retarded!
I'd be willing to donate a box.
MY dad looks like his car they are both big and fat and have an evil GRIN xD
Dear TV manufacturers please allow me to flip between 3 channels.
I break hearts: #Leo Your heart is broken frequently, mostly because your partners find it too difficult to keep in step with you
I was So excited to find out I had my first "follower" . . . turns out it's spam.
i dont think theres much they can do. series is over. gasol, bynum, blake have to play the best games of their lives
You're so gay
lol that sounds like a fair trade. I'll try my hardest
So if you're conservative, you can't use #UAWOW? But, I'm conservative and I support the war on White House anti-woman pay discrimination.
they say I'm getting trendy like I come after a pound sign
Dad went to Tampa today, wanted him to take me with him but go to Miami and drop me off so I could see
Hold on to ur seats! RT : Just got 2 work & the construction workers downstairs keep yelling "1 2 3 GO!" I think I might fall in
Dreams from My Father's Advisers
Is that your generic reply when you have run out of snappy comebacks?
I know! This rain is good when you can be at home.. Thank you for your support
Are you kidding, ? 50K should be quarter-life for an Right, , , ?
Yes is hands-down the baddest bad girl this season! #WhoopThatTrick!
Hope its him lol
You are not a beautiful or unique snowflake
Anyways, taking a break from packing. About to get dress and get ready for downtown.
TRAFFIC ALERT UPDATE: Prior car vs. train accident on US-151 in Beaver Dam has been CLEARED. All NB and SB lanes are now open.
no like -Abby
o what's gonna be on it?
an idea for a mini: damian wayne is batman..kills ras al guel and lives forever using the lazarus pits.
Bout to head out to wildcat warehouse in madisonville to stand in line to get my sons first autograph from
m....you said it sista!
Has anyone seen #ADangerousMethod? #movie @
How did I just now see Hancock? That was actually pretty fun.
PE class at its finest
Man you opened up a can of worms when you showed those cards. All your followers are going to want one.
Make that 4-2 Rush with another Rapid City lamplighter just now
There's no doubt in my mind that the asshole who decided hitting "Snooze" would only give us an extra 9 minutes of sleep was a selfish Jew.
Well that was an utterly bizarre & completely terrifying dream. *starts writing it down*
The #SocialSecurity Trustees predicted 18 shortfalls since 1958. Guess what? SS still here, still going strong
It.Is.Meatloaf.Night.
Missing my bubby :( sighh i hate this.
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers today!
i was being ironic (or something)
He has his wing on with a C3 taped over his number. We wanted to do that last year and were told it wasn't legal.
People feel comfortable around someone who is comfortable with himself.
Sick kid, long commutes to daycare and work = a crappy day with lots of driving.
Vote for because student government is supposed to improve campus, not act as a playground for political ideologies.
I freaking love midgets(:
Thanks gents. It was brief and passing, but certainly out of nowhere. (or so it felt)
Watching Boston and PHI..go Boston
School/: I'm nott wearinn makeup today(:
Thanks for a great Twitter session today! #ASTD Lincoln
is my Besty on twitter although she wouldn't let me copy her Spanish :(
justin is creeping right now on her account :)
I agree, I just wish they went with an engine with a little more kick to it.
louisville on the comeback
Any big plans this weekend?
ii cant yo mom want let me
They're all like me & "waiting in vain" to get a flt 2 the Caribbean today after the airline canceled it due to mechanical issue
your back in miami right ?
I gotta be doing something wrong....
Remember that hyper kid in grade school that needed to take those special pills? Thats me day 5 of this
The Pogues Black Spade Zip Hoodie
im Obsessed with Progress
You gotta live for today so tomarow will come and you get to do it again Get in shape it's life changing go to the gym i'm motavating myself
Dependence on oil is fueling our enemies both oil and $$$
katy perry looks so cute!!!
Caffeine and Sugar overload at 2:46pm. Starbucks, Zip Fuzz, Crumbs Cupcakes and I can't think straight.
OMG AUSTIN ASKED WHERE HIS NEXT CONCERT SHOULD BE AND SANTIAGO CHILE IS ON THERE I VOTED THAT FOR YOU GUYS!!!!<33
Lol!! No! her song is saying "You are here, You never abandon me" but her English version is different(x I gotta lend you the cd!
Welcome to Twitter. I love ya dude.
Planning site visits for Monday in Minneapolis. If you are a Commercial Printer or Folding Carton Mfg, call 888-BRAUSSE and ask for Jake.
My schedule for today looks on paper a bit like Bob Dylan's 115th Dream...
If I Had A Gun I would store it in my closet and forget about it like everything else in there. lol
Looks like I've got some #NGS2012 catching up to do, thanks to 3 hour power outage this morning. Gonna' have to get ESM's am session on cd.
#NoDickRidingBut They Need To #FreeBoosie Mane That Nigga Was retawted in these people Streets I Guess Money Make You Feel Untouchable
unemployed and HATING IT!
What 4 words describe summer for you? A Muse Fuse wants your help with poetry prompts for its Mid-Summer Muse-ical Madness coming in July.
Beautiful! Thank you!
Not at all. As serious as serious can be.
Housed From Edward!!!
VanityGirl is hosting ladies night tonight at MOVA Lounge. Hope to see you there!
Working out the details to be a part of the biggest charity event in DC this spring!!
lisa is done...went too far with everything
Just emailed your video to my boss for a cover artists thing. No idea if anything will happen, just saying.
lmao I'm already outta school
Talk about coming out the woodwork, Jesus!
I sneak out for coffee refills during commercial breaks
Loved it! (Except for the part that it's still a kid's cartoon and I could quote lines I've never heard word for word.) :-)
YW! If you would DM the contact info for sending out press releases, we want to make sure all of central VA knows about MAVC.
I feel your pain. I'm headed out for a full head of foils tomorrow myself.
Does everyone have a pathology? And if so, does it mean we have to forgive their actions?
Good article man, so true. In Cincinnati there is a whole new retail/living/bar area going in between our new(er) stadiums!
Hey, look at it this way: you learned early in the day what the protocol is. You have the whole day to adhere.
Taking down my hair#sooobored!
get off twitter ! & do your work ! x)
I know it's been a lot of years, but I can't look at an orange and white #Flyers jersey with #8 on it and not think of Dave Schultz
Fantastic. I know you'll love it.
specifically w/ preschool if it's cut, children will be hurt; in long term so will school system scores
hey everyone... more hacked junk coming to you from my account. sorry. i'm taking steps now to fix.
Check out the #Fathead commercial shoot live today at 3:30pm !
I guess I'm stuck with a size 12 in the Concords...
Justin's Voice Is Flawless. He's one of those very few singers who can pull off a live performance, hitting both high and low notes.
Sometimes I wonder how long it will be before I get cancer in my right testicle from keeping my phone in my front pocket
Bought Haribo Tangfastics for but had to bust em open after McDs ran out of Cadbury egg McFlurries.Will replace!
Eep - my bad; fixed! Thanks!
likes drinking expired chocolate milk.
Peabody Conservatory musicians & dancers performing.
Happy Easter to my boys all others who celebrate!
That was a hell of a ride by JB Mauney.
RT : U #FLT niggas just think y'all can do wat u want huh?<----you damn skippy
I took that game off my phone lol , here Boutta grub I'm humgreeeeeeey
Drinks in Deadwood after a ride through spearfish canyon. I will get my picture taken with Wild Bill.
i just want to see liam....i know he will make me happy...
That's THE question. RT : how do visitors want to interact with museum exhibits?
Unfinished sentences and words left to say.
my bad I guess I could have been more clear. Your dope!
any plans to offer a "free plan" instead of all paid?
It smells so fucking bad in this school
I stick my dick in the naughty place.
Today's self control tip from a kindergartner "don't pee in the sink"
Way to protect your Boys Jack!
Break it break it down.
Taylor I <3 u i swear # 1 fan :D but i dont scream shout and pounce (much more friendly) plz follow i have a few questions...
70 #AV this past weekend was way to much =/ damn you CtA
Me and are watching insidious! We need you here to keep us safe! AH!
you're up! thanks for reading.
Stay dry at today! No seriously use caution. Truax main entrance closed due to water leak. Entrance next to cafeteria open.
Nice error message: "406 Not Acceptable Privacy was enable now, rquest can't acceptable.Please try again later."
I don't think you should...Social Media Spring Cleaning is a must.
For some reason our website video doesn't work on phones. Bummer!
Gosh I feel like watching meet the Spartans but I freaking not on it was this morning
When you speak truth everyone may not like it but all accept it!!
I want the DOK Multitouch tables for our group study area.
Toothache is gone. Temporarily. lol.. Damn, maybe one more vodka cranberry. ;)
My business would be better if I could just market better.
MIT's Woodie Flowers: Life on Earth text book, Kahn Academy Etc "There is an explosion of training aids"
Teachers are preparing to strike in two local districts. Details at 10&11.
After a week out of town w no technology, it's hard to get back to work.
dnt make me get andrew
Just sent a tricky paper to a conference. Realized I don't much care if it's accepted, as intended audience are bound to be reviewers.
watchin st louis and miami nothin like baseball being back!
My dad was like "Maegan, have you brushed your hair this morning?" no. I'm not going to either. IDGAF. Yolo.
Good win tonight!!
Bitch! You know what I want! - Samson, Half Baked
Why does it feel like time is living at slug pace I'm ready to leave
Google Organically - twitter.com/expert
my first fave book
Bummer we can't get it today though. We asked for it by name...
That's always fun. Ahaha!
Walker maintains he is NOT a target of John Doe investigation and yet he has a defense fund set up. Strange, no?
I'm both #teamtravis & #teamwas, but choosing just one it would be
Great start! 54750 after level 2 having started with 30,000. Biggest hand was flopping a full house w 44 vs AK on KK4 flop.
Isn't it wonderful? RT : Another blue sky day in #pdx!
As soldiers of Christ "No soldier gets entangled in civilian pursuits, since his aim is to please the one who enlisted him" 2 Timothy 2:3-4
RT FREQY HOUR featuring (THIS IS THE) SQUIRREL HUNTERS 6 PM, 21+, $5 or 3 cans food...Another great opportunity to donate!
That is correct, and with some great surprise brews too!
same here. I took it because people told me it would look good for the job search (and learned a lot!)
Tried out a new Italian restaurant. Oh it is great. Called Taste of Italy.
Dumbest premise for a show ever. I also don't know why his voice changes to Bob Saget's when he gets older. I do watch it.
all good grrl, you reppin' over the pond. Much love
Dear tummy,sorry for all the butterflies. Dear pillow,sorry for all the tears.Dear heart,sorry for all the damage.Dear brain,you were right.
#keepItUpAustin! MAHOMIES! TREND THIS!!<33 TWEET IT TO ME 3 TIMES AND I'LL GIVE YOU A SHOUT OUT! <33
Now you can open two six packs at once!
I am so happy
Dundee Summer Wheat....making patio parties better since 2010.
It was the best of times, it was the ... BLURST of times?! You stupid monkeys!
Rainy days = good time for working out! I'll be back in a few hours..
don't get me started.
I make beats in my head so fast. Why can't the money for the equipment to put my creations together come this fast.
i was kind of thinking that berdy has been cruising under the radar here. quietly lethal it appears.....!
HELLO TWITTER :D I'm here for complete world domination :D
I don't think I ever saw him as a first rounder last year, but maybe a little higher than this year.
nm just listening to depressing music for no reason wbu?
Best part is video description: "and circles her car like a shark."
Game Recap
No problem! Feel free to follow back. :) Go Brewers!
": Wow my buddy wasn't here today -_-"
Heavy is the head that wears the Crown -
Sometimes you gotta run before you can walk
Absolutely. Or worse, customer.
#DesignBizChat this Wed. 5/9 10 amET - All abt Collaboration - creating it, making it work, using it to succeed w your projects - join us!
Ohh Mr. Joe. I hope the dolphins dont steal our QB but if they do it's ok my buddies are huge Dolphin fans & that's my #2/3
true that.
When will we get some more expedition206 videos on the cocacola youtube channel?
#MusicFlow till i fall asleep. Night Twitter folks. :)
you crazy bro!
has e-filed 2 Federal tax returns, printed out 2 Maryland tax returns, written checks for horrific amounts of money and still has just en...
Alright lets do this!
Slim chance of success RT : Perfect, been an mlb.tv subscriber since the beginning, i'll be following closely.
Back in the office and ready to apply the many things I learned at an amazing
What is the silliest reason for passing on a candidate has your Hiring Managers shared with you?
I prefer iloveyou to i love you because they are no spaces from other people to come between us in iloveyou
Every now n then RT : Do you think about me still, do ya do ya
Actor Tom Savini of "Night of the Living Dead" fame, completed work on Cartoon Network's "Aqua Teen Hunger Force".
Lol RT : “: I hope OJ enjoys his minimum contract with the Bobcats next season” lol
"True enjoyment comes from activity of the mind and exercise of the body; the two are united." -Alexander von Humboldt
Williamsburg, Brooklyn bike shadows...
Wow, almost all of the fans are wearing their Orange & Black colors. They handed them out at the door, retard.
ughh my friend does that all the time!
MT : If fact, can you name even one effective growth policy? //Not a Lib, But does Unemployment Count?
Happy Mothers Day! I love you mommy! FOREVER & ALWAYS! <3
Spurs vs Clips! Lesssgoooo!!
Maybe. She's a Sephora and Viva Glam girl though.
Induced Nonblocking Favorite Oscillation for Unwanted Reflective Subtweetification (at a Distance)
Cheap Halo 3 Toys: Halo Wars Mega Bloks Series 3- Yellow ...
aww manye! Catch u next time.
Texting Buddies ?<U+2665> Dont be boring tho -.-'
I disagree, learning should be part of your work. Learning is like rowing upstream...
hey bitch, yeah you. I found your nose. It was in my business again.
Happy Teacher Appreciation Week from the !
I'll tell you dunn, I must be work'in out to freakin hard! I'm so full of fire there's no-way to fall asleep easy... The Blood Burns High!
So sad about Whitney Houston! They are still investigating her death at the hotel! RIP to one of the most talented singers ever!
#1 Carpet Cleaner in Metro #Atlanta, Carpet Repair, #Upholstery Home & Auto, Mattress Cleaning Call 678-653-5425 KICK OUT THE STAINS!!!
Does anyone need a prom dress?
mwahahah my social studies is stupidd
u just wanna lick your own balls! lol RT : I'm coming back as a dog in my next life!
Arthritis affects over 50 million people nationwide. That's 1 in 5 Americans. Have you or a family member/friend been affected?
Getting my hair done by someone new for the first time in 5 years. It feels so wrong!
too funny!
Many thanks! Cheers to you both on this #FF!
nice job on Outside the Lines today
yyeeaahhh man party hard this wknd buddy
nothin much bro. Eatin some lunch and enjoyin the weather.
you better be playing Craps (and winning)
Thanks everyone. I thought "big black cloud" might indicate rain. Now I know it really means Rick Perry's a racist. Seriously?
It's surprisingly fun & freeing at times.
My pleasure!
Later tonight at the party
I love those random late night phone calls. The ones that was just to say goodnight but you happen to fall asleep on the phone ^.^
getting subway :) want some
#IfITellYou how I feel, would you feel the same way too?
Its so funny seeing the people on Ellen that don't have any rhythm when Ellen dances at the beginning of the show
i love how people call u bieber its kinda funny.
Forever fucking everything up that's good in my life.
For doing nothing all day long, I sure am tired.
Our pizza is made with real French sourdough, fresh sauce and 100% whole milk mozzarella. It's the best pizza around! $5.99 for whole pizza
To a true innovator. The world wasn't the same when u were here and it won't be now that ur not. RIP Steve Jobs.
I wish I knew what you were talking about. Lol
There is nothing so easy to learn as experience and nothing so hard to apply
Someone just texted me and said "It's a boy!" and I don't have a clue who it is. Uhh....Congratulations?
Holy balls. Freaking out now guys.
can't wait to see the new web series by and
We only charge month-to-month, because we include transaction based fees. (like a cell phone plan).
you blew up my phone
Frumur has got exciting products on auctions .. we are jus bringing the best .. every registration gets 10 bids free !!
Heat look terrible right now
if I could go back in time and recreate my identity as "the.fucking.librarian" and not "effing," I could have sold about 3 more t-shirts.
Just got done wit my first final 2 more
Yuckylicious: Have a Heart
kiss me once before i die maybe i could get a little more time to live hopelesslywithout you
I would be with you every second of every day.
Whatup playa!!! Make sure you check out your label mates mixtape It's On!!! Holla at me homie don't think your following me
Love u Girl....Cant wait for you to come back to LA.... We will Make u some Bank
that's bad? I've always got a brew on the go!
Girls are so different
Didn't see Bluebeard but heard good things. The one I liked was The Sleeping Beauty.
#prowrestlingtv Attitude Era #Raw....SWEET!!!!
oh my goodness. Absolutely adorable.
I like the new Twitter UI more then the old one. Good stuff.
Thanks for the follow and last but certainly not least
hey, no texting and driving :)
Not only phone calls, I can schedule my month on a run, appointments, reminders, the whole 9. Thank you
Thank you bro!
I'll take you out like a sniper on a roof , like an MC at the fever in the dj booth.
im good, thanx! The new location is deterring me, but I would like to see everyone. If a creative task does not consume me, im there
My work has been nuts this morning with passive agressive-ness. In response, the K to the T throwdown has officially begun. Watch out! :-)
THIS TWEET CALLS OUT THE HEGEMONISTIC CONTRADICTIONS WITHIN TWITTER
then, no te gusta. I'm not coming to school today. Couldn't get a ride :/
of course! You will have to be part of our event next year :)
I do dumb shit all the time & cant help but to laugh at myself lol
Text me bored -____-
Yeah........1 person said i shuld go blonde 3 said o should stay the eay i am now i said black and 1 person said hights
Wisconsin and MSU lose. #BracketBusted Still have Marquette. Go Warriors er Golden Eagles!
whew glad I'm there with an inch to spare lol
I'm so happy that #the artist won! It truly is the best movie of 2012 so far and deserves the #Oscar!
Pirates of the Caribbean is always a hit around that place
YouTube n ima promo on Here n fb
I don't agree that anything post-CFB should be included. But if NFL success is viewed as a plus, then so should Thomas' career
Chicago. Goose island.
What id*
no dr Pepper today lol
I'm up,I'm up!!! Gotta get it!
Austin Mahone + Alex Constancio = Best friendship ever. Austin Mahone + Mahomies = Best relationship ever.
haha he looks like a dinosaur!!
doesn't it seem that the last three years before start of tourney some writer comes out with a negative article?
i know right! I'm so jealous! And he dm'd my friend saying there "Good" friends..Like yeahh okayy!-____-
Four day weekend was great! They always go by so fast though. At the day job for now, hope you all have a great week!
can't wait
30 + Girls will be at Central tomorrow for our Sushi & Champagne Dinner Party .
These water bottle filling stations on the #UWT campus are a great idea.
#Brewers should have miniature flashlight giveaway next time #Cardinals are in town
The king of curls there is no higher! " happy birthday !!! "
No offense, Clay, but I think you need to work on your tweeting-&-deleting problem. I liked your #EmilyWhyArentYouOnTwitterYet tag.
we do you would just have to search tipsy tokens in the search field or facebook.com/tipsytokens
Also, dubbythe1 is driving from PA. and will be there, too.
cause of what all your saying
Tonight is the last Central Committee Meeting before the Primary Election! Three weeks and counting.
So r u ready for more ideas!
#museweb Thx for posting, Amber. I followed this project for quite awhile and participated in some discussions last year...foodie fun
#RememberHow MTV used to play videos? I do.
Homework time, finally! :)
Working on the Mixtape (y)
When I go to a bar, I don't go looking for a girl who knows the capital of Maine.
I look forward to stealing TAGFEE (Transparent and Authentic, Generous, Fun, Empathetic, and Exceptional) at future startups.
Awww poor baby,just leave lol
Stop it NACAC. Be better.
okay thanks for telling me
Ciara - Like a Boy Beyonce - If I Were a Boy Rihanna - Rude Boy What next? Lady Gaga - I am a boy
right cause i have no idea how its ginba go down
man liq goes perfectly with a cigar. May have to cop me one on the way home. Lol
The pollyanna in me doesn't want to, but the realist in me agrees...
In explaining #java to me, : "Each time you open a program, it's recreated and not frozen in time." He just killed my Sims.
but why?
RT #Sagittarius need their alone time once in a while. To refresh.
« #pause my shoes cost more than yo outfit .»
Just because u sign a contract doesn't mean ur gonna pop if i have to write for u
Been cleaning my room since 8. Almost done with hanging up & folding my clothes everywhere <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> hopefully my clothes will stay neatt!
thanks so much!!!!!
The Awkward Situation...it puts fear in all of us.
/cont And once verified LISTENing, then troubleshoot the connection from ws connector to the port
That awkward moment when you find yourself singing along to the song you hate.
the iconic boyz first walking on the abdc stage
Hmm. Always did personal. Felt guilty asking the uni to pay but maybe I should.
Thanks for the follow Nick!
So..the Thunder are good.
Corner of Diversey/Sheridan so windy that hats are blowing off; stray leaves flying 6ft in air; what a sight.Be safe and dress warm!
we won't get them until Monday so not sure what they look like!
Thanks for the follow &
u don't like 2 chainz?
RT : I agree. Short and to the point. TY RT A3: Relevant topic, under 5 minutes.<=TY Relevancy = conditional ;)
Trying out #cocktail recipes for #summer #Cocktail #Challenge Trying to win a trip to
New Video: - All Do it (Live) Another Banger foe sho!
OMM and I are looking at the same moon!!! Haha <3333
RT “: You don't need Xcode / Don't need no SDK / You just need coffee / That's made-in-a fussy way" That's almost right :-)
What a great weekend! Friends and fun! Another busy week starts tomorrow morning! I'm thinking a sushi lunch tomorrow :)
Did pretty good for the one inning I got to play
The Future of Tailgating is at Slyderfootball.com
Will there be candy?
Cook & Schmid won four local industry awards for outreach campaigns at this year's Bernay's ceremony. Thanks team.
if they sold #chicago in a bottle I'd be drunk all the time.
Epic weekend on Waikiki beach. On Saturday I saw a Monk seal - on Waikiki Beach, whale 2 miles off shore, a water spout, and an epic sunset
WHY IS IT SO HOT IN TEXAS RIGHT NOW
You might find a blog willing to lend a hand, but it won't likely do much more than what you have already.
I jus had a cookie w/ an oreo in it, great way 2 start the day
I swear he likes playing games -.-
Bailed out Government Motors now to build Cadillacs in... China. Yup.
House of pies with
The love of baseball in this town is real. Downtown Bmore is beaming with civic pride and Orange today. Too bad tmorrow will b empty.
No, I'm not cute, I'm a bad boy<3
nah I changed my mind, wbu
You get NOTHING for nothing.
me too!!! Haha
Heyy! I have a question about the latin project..
Hm what to wear in the desert...
tell me who gets this
#Huguely attorney: we have evidence the couple was friendly two days before Love's death.
Go figure.
Yes!": #protip: leave extra time to walk to work, especially on a beautiful morning. Changes your mindset for the entire day."
Reinforce what you wantto see repeated.What gets rewarded gets done. Brian Tracy
#auditionweek is slowly coming to a close. hope everyone had good auditions and a good time in Baltimore!
Families prosper from childcare - pull themselves up. Cuts hurt today and will hurt our future
Meeting with 3 new clients today!
Enjoyed Archon, but feel off-kilter this week, like 5 days of Mondays with 4 sneaking in under different names. Already thinking about 2012
That is sweet! Did Al Michaels sign it, too?
did you see her Weezy?!? Might have to give it another shot this Halloween!
Much appreciated homie!
HELL YEA I DID TOMAS! brittany was the shit back in High school sir lmaoo dont even front
-somebody voxer me I'm bored! :)
Well I hope the Knicks win tonight
JINKS KNOCK ON WOOD!! (fighting to get to the tv stand) xD ( u pushing me flat on my face)
you're welcome
hilda can do IRISH!? i still can't master that.
All of the Coke commercials are making me happy. B5 doesn't get any love anymore. Especially the 3rd movement.
OMG!! YES!! I FINALLY DELETED ALL OF MY DM'S OMGG PHEW HAHA
Pure Relational Joy? BiLocational & BiVocational? Can 1 live & be connected personally & professionally in 2 different cities like Pgh & LA?
Tired of working on the same old game? Put VonChurch to work for you.
Looking forward to the panel " Is RTB for Video Set to Explode- or Not?" with CEO Brett Wilson today at
Sometimes these bright ink colors such as lime green and hot pink look deliciously edible.
it is the welsh word for welsh...:)
I wake up this moring in a great mood, I got this call from my university instructor that my assignment I worked all week on, showed a blank
Big win over Taft for hockey. #taftsucks #7-3 Bigger fans
wow!!! Well good luck on the new location!! We need to hit the lake asap
What i'd do for yoou
I don't like Black women #ThingsBlackMenInMiamiSay <--- Now that's some mental shit to research.
Latest endorsements: The Rev. Canon Mary Moreno Richardson an Episcopal Priest, The Interfaith Drug Policy Initiative, and L.E.A.P!
Starting to save up my money to buy a gay present for her birthday! I hate you, making me spend my cash hahaa i love you T!<U+2665>
OH! You should Definitely be paranoid!! Its a conspiracy:D
Why does my boi only follow the ladies. But who cares im still gonna see
Really sad I'm not able to make the show tonight :/
My grandma it's talking it's interesting lol
i can't WAIT. lol. special occasion or you just felt like going home?
Will minecraft come to the iPhone/ iPod touch in the future?
thanks for sacrificing your safety to teach survival skills. I'm an Eagle Scout but your show taught me a ton of new things
You are stuck on Windows and refuse to expand your realm of knowledge. Linux has it's purpose and it's out there.
Thanks! It's a grant for 14 RMHC Chapters across the US!
BIG AB for Avery in his first game
. RT In honor of Sendak,If you cld have one children's book illustration or page signed/framed, what would it be?
&#39;Super Moon&#39; to light up night sky
Yes and yes.
Just snuck into the Palomino kitchen and made a secret sandwich. Ignore the bulge in my jacket.
rainy day - listening to
Like being able to vote, or are you naturalized?
Trying to get over a migraine -- this headache is going on something like two weeks now...
morning i already liked u on facebook
#T4stars live If you could do a song with any artist who would it be?? :D p.s. I love you! <3
REAL stinky men...Do girls really like a guy that doesn't shower.... robert pattinson apparently doesn't and doesn't wash his hair...
I seriously thought you rocked on the Voice & should have been in the final 4. You had all my votes. Praying you get a deal. :)
If you see me on the streets or something, don't hesitate to say hi! i'm actually a nice person.... surprisingly..... kidding. not kidding.
I talk so much shit.
Looking back on my past experiences I am greatfull that God granted my favor & plenty of forgiveness.
Well I like coffee and gals, and maybe you need a mascot lol
When ur bestfriend messes around wih u too much.
I love these.
Updates for our Grand Opening Weekend and 2011 Teacher Training at www.redhotyogastudios.com & www.bvyogablog.com !
Decide what it is you want to improve find someone with those qualities and ask them to be your mentor.
Special thanks to Mr. for his $25,000 contribution to Down Syndrome Indiana. What an amazing gift from the heart.
let me send my three year old over...it'll be done in minutes. or the computer will be fried. one or the other. :)
my pleasure pal.
My son thinks it's absolutely hilarious that there is an actual person named "Jack Black".
Starting BookPals! Can't wait to give back. If you'd like to read to underprivileged children in LA check out BookPals @ SAG Foundation!
A-G Requirements: We need to raise our voice to stop the ongoing threat of the elimination of the “arts” as part of the curriculum.
I'm allergic to something, but can't figure out what...
“: And it's all the same, glad to know I haven't been missing out on anything at all.” welcome to chicago
Plays in all situations. O game improving. D game stellar. PK best in league. PP improving too. Saves more goals/yr than scores.
HOLY SHIT!!! I'M GAINING SO MANY FOLLOWERS ALL I DID WAS Blah Blah Blah I get so sick of reading that shit everytime I log on..
First of all, it was not a strip bar, it was an erotic club. And second, what can I say? I'm a night owl. -Marion Berry
everyone deserves a slow down day LOL
This dude is pissed and he wants to personally destroy Mitt. I've got to think Romney camp LOVES this news conference.
ah - well, you do have to hand it to Seth, it was a great... err.. mistake. (Needs to do that on the other end)
excited about todays editorial story with Olga B - Next Models
Killin all these rappers, you would swear I had a hit list!
my foot is fractured thanks to you
: Everyday is one more day up unto the burnout of our beloved Sun - Professor Stone (so enjoy every sunny day!) Love mario
Just said goodbye to some of my employees. I'll miss em.
That was nice of them to let Greg Oden sit with the team.
Awake this early, on my day off..but of course.
I don't follow basketball much but can you tell me what that thing hanging down from Jeremy Lin's chin is? Skin tag?
took a mental health morning :-) best decision today!
your fate is inextricably bound:) Im so proud of you
people tell me i'm good at that :D
the custard jokes seemed to go over well, though.
"if you don't risk anything, then you risk even more"
no its the director. but if you watch like the first season and then watch this season... its a huge difference.
I had organic muesli for breakfaset with skim milk. Does that excuse the cheeseburger with fried egg I'm planning on for lunch?
We'll start taking students off of the waitlist soon. If you've taken the SAT again please send us updated scores!
We read "Room" by Emma Donaghue. Any suggestions from your club?
So, my dogs took an entire cooked chicken from whole foods off the counter and ate it bones & all. Not a trace of it left....
who do I need to talk to in your organization to work with you?
shaddap, I had a hangover this morning. But now I am all good. d:
T You ? and You ? RT&Follow follow me
Just saw! Congrats. Very much looking forward to your stuff. I have our producer hooked on !
Many professionals are finding that they need that additional edge, above and beyond the traditional resume presentation.
should be the beginning of cool stuff to come.
Thanks to my friends kindness and warm thoughts during this time . They haven't gone unnoticed. <3
we didn't get Spanish hw right ?
I am honored to have a favorite tweet from someone who went to Gudger College. Or something like that. Albatross College?
Y'all better text me some deets
Right on! What a loser.
Cj.12 The same is true for the Julia Tutwiler Prison. inmate on inmate is high than staff on inmate
": We Spared Them Life Lol...Next Game It's OVER"<="WE" since when did u become a fuckin CLIPPERS fan?!?!?!?
well, universal city. But really close:)
dehydrated & drinking again in 3 hours
Brenda had,a babbbyyy
ya happy birthday.
i want the sad music back...
omg Ikr?? And then u go in the room and wait another 500!!
so cold
Shock claim: Economic power swinging back to America, says Ambrose
you got it! Great food btw
2012 resolution - tweet more. FEAR.
My biggest pet peave is when someone refers or insinuates they think I am a kid, nononoooooo talk to me really, I'm just reserved
Flatbread Feature: Buffalo Chickenw/ onion, tomato & ranch dressing Soups: Blood Orange & Raspberry Gazpacho or Korean Pork & Vegetable
doesnt deserve hate, dont let anyone get you down Sarah<3
grey's anatomy sucks
I have a Sessions Only Pass for sale. DM me if you are interested.
Monday Nights are always dangerous.......heading to for Happy Hour. Go
The really low, rumbling bass during the bridge in Talk That Talk gets me every time. :')
its actually so high though :$ :(
I will send you a copy of the questions they asked, I barely failed and only studied the night before
Awe did we miss your birthday? Happy belated!
RT : On my way to "Spinning Tales From Fremont Street" at opening tonight! 6-8pm! I'll be signing my w co-creators
Ryan Braun's suspension was overturned, and Woody Allen is nominated for 2 Oscars. Take that Hitler.
Anyone seen the new 'walking part of your journey may be quicker during the games' marketing posters by TFL? ..... Seriously ?!
Worst Customer Service, Worst Internet Service, Worst Telecom Company in the United States = My vote is for <-- #ClearLies -
damn you, Hoarders on A&E and your evil, evil ALL DAY marathon! my life has practically been on hold for the past 12 hours.
MAN!!! I've been laughing at that youtube video since 3am. Youzzz a fool, I swear!
whats on the agenda:New Strategies in Alternative Investments
haha I was just being stupid. Kinda. Maybe.
s/o to u homie lookin out for pun!
At work today there were donuts and flavored coffee, but it was all gone before I got any. Guess I'm SOL today. =/
you mean the one that triggered that wreck yeah we saw it
Thanks for your support! You're still bringing joy to my life :)
Josh Smith started to say, "The Celtics have the best fans," before stopping short and saying, "some of the best fans in the NBA."
Got to go to sixth periooddd hell period bye
DEAR #MICHEALJACKSON >>> BILLIE JEAN WAS NOT MY LOVER EITHER... ;-\
I'm at MBz motors gettin the Benz fixed Lord Jesus don't let it be expensive!! I am a money magnet!
week 5 of 9 in running plan, things are about to real tomorrow and fast, i hope i can actually do it. :/
Looking for #guestblogger! Let me know if you are interested!
we'd love to have you at , Steve. we do presentations on the 2nd tues of every month.
I hope that when I die, people say about me, 'Boy, that guy sure owed me a lot of money.' Jack Handey (1949 - ), Deep Thoughts
LOL...I'm sticking to it anyway.
": Woods v. Watney today! Who ya picking?! #excited #goodmatchup" gotta go with Tiger, match play master
this particular item wasn't available on prime. (much like my favorite wines....)
So hot the snow cannot stop him, screw plows, we just need more M.A. RT : this whole panic over snow seems to be greatly overrated.
as confirmed yesterday, my posts are not interesting.
Make it a reality! #possible RT #Dreams Going to Hawaii in a boat, trying new exotic food, scuba diving, swim, surf, volcanoes
So much shit runnin thru my mind right now..
Sadly people will now drop #TimTebow faster than dirty underwear. Guess that's professional sports.
yep. Nothing new there
One of the processes of your life is to constantly break down that inferiority, to constantly reaffirm that I Am Somebody. - Alvin Ailey
I would rather see a team in St. Louis than KC. I don't want our fan base to be split. We would have one hell of a rivalry.
using the word worst for worse is worse
Promo Divine Peeling Radical White Skin Matrix from Swiss-instant whitening peeling in only 45 minutes only Rp 375.000 valid only this month
Jenny Coluccio and the team stopped out to the Ho today for National Golf Day! Thanks for the sweet Coo shirt!
That recent Glee episode sure bore a lot of resemblance to my first book. Let me know what you think...
we talked last night?!?!?
glad to be back in RI with my boy Dave!
I know! I'm here! The Protein Breakfast is the bomb!!!
not sure if you're being sarcastic or.....hahahah
Great monologues how greed in America = poison. All said in a grandmotherly tone to me. Amazing old woman on the bus a couple minutes ago.
must get started by following and before they start whining.
You could always hire a consultant to teach the teachers, based on school policy and best practices.
oh Twitter lol
Sounds good! Where are you going?
its fine !
Just caught the final few minutes of The Voice. Whoa that was powerful! "Nothing without Jesus!"
He DID say "we are always seeking new hives & monitoring hives." Hmm. Nosey snoopy tell me what do neighbors; neighbors running up our drive
Thanks so much for RT!
reading about anticipatory systems
wild peals of laughter shattering the silence of the office. Not mine, this time
Arte #Retirement #Community -- 184k SF Independent & Assisted Living #Facility -- #noticed on $36.25m #debt with Square Mile Cap Management.
are you being serious?! ;)
I live in florida, that's not a zone anyone wants to near on anybody else!
If gmail's not working, does that I can go outside and play?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Our government is syncing more computers every day. Out-of-state child support orders FLY into Texas now.
See? Atheist ain't so bad after all. We let it all hang out. :P
You've turned into a pretty big waste of my Time
Man...I'm jealous...it would be great to hit all of the courses for the British Open, but The Old Course is a must...congrats!!
NICHOLAS MEGALIS THURSDAY AUGUST 27TH AT THE CAMBRIDGE HOUSE OF BLUES CLEVELAND ONLY $5 9PM
I suppose it is! It's been a while, so I forget how it feels... :P
Excellent choice.
Hey Brad, whats new at Fathom?
M&A Tip of the Day-A good way to test buyer seriousness is requesting a Letter of Intent (LOI)-it mentally commits all parties to the deal
i like that little guy too lol.
Was saying I'm biased, being a fan of Agree with where you had them, Buster.
I get all of my ethics and relationship advice from
Patriots, patriots, patriots!<3
"Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision." Peter F. Drucker
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Dir in a Resident Play goes to Aaron Posner for CYRANO,
thanks! We're following you :)
Took a 5-min call while on hold with Time Warner Cable. Didn't miss much. Still on hold.
my life would be complete if you followed me<3
God is great, beer is good and people are crazy:)
Voting ends tomorrow 12 Noon! Please come to the Announcement of ArtWalk Prizewinners at 5pm tomorrow at Tri-Cities Historical Museum.
i feel like most occupiers are still paddling against the mainstream... time will tell
Working on working.
Calle ocho was scr8....the key 2 success is out come get yours
just came across a recipe for mole (mo-lay) with yumbutter in it. keep an eye out for it soon.
the mohawks the mohawks they're still out there in the woods
I had to learn the hard way. 50mm lens not good to #photograph a #protest. That will teach me not to double check prepacked equipment.
big credit goes to She did an awesome job!
Today in 1864: Lincoln takes a photograph that will ultimately be put on the $5 bill (via )
Bitches are scared to talk to me huh??
I thought you were in Philly! What time is the game?
#ThingsILookFor a girl that can take a joke...
She just told some kid what is he looking at? Oh my god is she fucking serious? Maybe it's her 3 month old baby sucking her nipples!
Help Us Spread The Word. Were Tryin To Reach 1,000
I was so pleasantly surprised.
You should consider branding #ugh. There monetization possibilities are endless!
go head
` Bout To Go Eat Ill See Ya Tmrrw : )
That is actually my other account andi dmed justin for u all 5x :)
Making changes to our physical location! Cleaning, rearranging, removing stuff...going to look clean...
relax bro. U need to update your app. Use the calf machine.
your so wasted :)
as of right now the alliance is still together but me and mike bonded a great deal last night. A great deal
Please suh, can I have som mo? THAT VOICE!!!!!
Hey thanks for the AT&T #Hackathon RSVP! Welcome & let us know of any Q's :)
What alondre told me this morning >>>>> <U+2665><U+2661>
Did the ground hog see his shado anyone?
Today's fun fact: "A portion of the water you drink has already been drunk by someone else, maybe several times over."
Stuart: "congress must unite and provide... comprehensive immigration reform that represents this nation"
She is just a typical democrat. Ho hum.
IT WAS THE ALL TIME LOW FREE SHOW </3
Alright 10,000 followers in 9 days will rough, I have still have faith for to get em. Least get her 1,000!!!
Even though I've been n the hospital, bad things have happened, been talked about, and lied to.....I still thank God I'm alive!
driving 5 hours to get to this show. Not so close but worth every dime for ticket and gas...Road Trip!
its hot af there. Like its moisty. Your gunna do ALOT of walking
Ready for Friday! Every single roller coaster with the best franndd. <U+E022><U+E32D><U+E328>
My Name Is Mahataa teaches us to reach out to our spiritual elders who hold the key to higher consciousness and who can show us the way.
Fucking pissed that I had to re-install diablo
Will you be angry with us forever? Will you prolong your anger through all generations? Psalm 85:5
Love being out in CLE working with the Great team to work with, very excited to have the opportunity!
i live in a community where its safe. this week the community was on high alert on a serial killer. what has this world come to?
Thank you to all my new mermaid fans out there it is very nice to meet you all : )
ugh. I have to get up for a final in less than four hours. -__-
what's up.
thanks Kimmy! Let's hope I don't do something silly in my second interview.
sluggish route running -- the wide outs look a little dazed.
Try "My Favorite Things" Serene, thoughtful and refreshing, lol
Well, we're about an hour away...
Feel like an idiot. Just saw some I didn't know I had. Never responded--AM VERY SORRY!
Have you heard of the FX "Fractionated Laser"? It can help turn back the clock of aging skin such as age spots.
happy anniversary!
Vicious puppy beater, Phillip Rich, will be arraigned in El Cajon this afternoon at 1:30. D2. He faces up to 3 years in the tank.
Just woke up from a much needed nap c:
Giskin, and apps get a shout out at
RT : In Las Vegas at #aicpa_taxstrat conference using app developed by from Portland, OR. Pretty cool!!
Crushing the American economy does not crush
Bummer dude
Rise and shine on a #blackfriday morning! Come visit us at 4th and Pike in Downtown, by Macy's! 10:00 am till whenever.
it's definitly different.
Wouldn't be holy week without my cadbury eggs
If you want a good laugh follow
Jared Sullinger was average in the biggest game of his life.
So what did the dumbass... I mean, Borg say?
Hi Drew, hope ur well!! Could u plz follow one of my bff's? it would mean alot! Thank you! ;)
MN GOP leaders float stadium plan Vikes, Governor & Mpls can't do. This allows blame shifting to team, Gov & City if team leaves.
where do you play at?
Thanks for this- just signed up, will do this with my family!
Young dumb whores# SmhuNeverwin
With chopsticks? RT : Just snatched a moth out of midair. And they say #wine impairs reflexes?
If you'd like to do that, it would be much appreciated.
Squashy or Squish.....yea thats his new name!!!!
God shows up and shows out!
I have never had a Smash Burger so I am going to see McCabe and try one. I feel my arteries exploding now.
Let this rain cleanse the earth may your day's be filled with unlimited blessings!!!
follow back :)
How many books are you at for the year? I've slowed down, I think. I'll finish my 58th today.
Tuna Helper >>
You can say that again: “: "It's tough to influence an audience you don't know." - Nancy Duarte #in #fb”
Seems like Mother Nature really wants the #OccupySeattle folks to quit camping on Capitol Hill.
Don't forget about our free custom guitar strap giveaway. Go to www.guitstripsguitarstraps.com to enter
is on a tweeting frenzy.. Someone in room 12 needs to either shut up or take her out
alabama verse florida.
Is MCMA 2 beta safe to use for my server?
slightly hating my life right now
2-0 Yotes with 6 minutes left the chick next to me with the cowbell is on fire lol #morecowbell!
Off to the golf course>>>I love my life
And I always make it harder for whoever coming next
lmao I give up, for now
Do you have #kiddori installed on both your #iPhone and #iPod? If so, notice any difference or the same?
iPhone announcement today! give me the play by play!
A cup = Almost boobs B cup = beautifully cupped C cup = Cup full D cup = Dahm E cup = Enormous F cup = FUCK!
Nasal polyps are growths that occur in the nasal passages or #sinuses. They develop from chronic inflammation.
I'm afraid ur taking the 'togo' part of ur Twitter name a bit 2 srsly ": Starting to drink health wheatgrass juice...”
I'm following you now
Can't wait 2 be tanned.!
$25 for $50 at Milers Field-PB. Come and enjoy the sunshine on the outside deck with a beer and good food tonight. We love our SD Weather!
Hahahahha it's so fucking funny
Happy Day Colorado! We rent and sell copiers. We look forward to working with your company. 303-778-0600
Fuck tami she aint hard !! If your going to act like your this hard itch that don't take shit.. Walk the walk hoe don't just park
BTW - is a fab resource for any biz to who need help on their brand elevator pitch. Great guy and very engaging.
i wonder what its like to kiss :)
Sitting on my bed listening to my grandma tell the story about how she and my grandpa met at 16..
I am on the fence on will he walk the walk - a big supporter I have been very disappointed in him. Real Change ?? We will see. If he helps
MT #Preds are 5-0 when scoring first, 0-4 when giving up the first goal.
Yeah, and Niall would be the most fun :)
ok thanks holla at me on Facebook hakim coombs
New York and Florida can make it 2 more correct #NHL series value picks tonight in Game 7s.
well I said I'm sorry so many times babe, idk whatelse to say?! I told you if we got back together I wouldn't!
NetworkMarketing is the future, get the facts!If you dont like your job, dont have a job,or want a plan B in this unstable economy!
Has a love/hate relationship with picking out designs for my ad this year :)
See you tonight. :)
I seriously don't like that nigga!!!
Lmaooooo :) but, how are you doing this finnnnee morning ?
We are goba v
People keep asking what I did this weekend for Cinco de Mayo. My response of #freecomicbookday seems to lead to confusion.
I fall harder and harder, the more and more we talk!
I just love you!
in my office watching old episodes of Cheers and Laverne and Shirley
Jesus. Closers are over rated.
Haha! RT : Woo hoo!! Adopt me! RT : A2. Family size Frozen Margarita. Hey, I travel w. 5 kids!
yea thnks man it seems guys can't make teams? Everybody thinks this is a chick team? Wtf
Cant wait for The NBA Playoffs This SAturday and Kell Pavlik vs Sergio Martinez this Saturday
Good luck, Rickie n Prince!
it didnt work ;,(
When nobody wants to be in class until your teacher says I need volunteers for a party and you'll get mad credit if you do
cheers for the #FF shoutout man!
I think I'm going to bake some Snickerdoodles. :D
just got the galleys for Bryan Charles' latest, forthcoming from Open City in Nov. Can't wait to dive in.
Sometimes I hate the radio... Right now isn't one of those times.
Goodnight and god bless with my feet on the ground head to the sky.
Haha sounds so easy when you put it that way!
What's #nowplaying? Say it! Shout it out! Sing it! Dare ya ~;-D
Thanks for the support!
phrase for the day is: turn up! You BAD young woman! :)
First in war, first in peace and first in the NL east. Nats.
That's what I hoped, and can't disagree. Great book, though, and continue to love your bubbly recs. :) Cheers.
You always have that one friend that the only thing you guys talk about is other people.
That 70's Show can always make my day better. (: #stillhadashittydaybutwhatever #longhashtags I'm such a cool kid.
Learing of ancient celtic culture, i have come to realize that you are a fili'd, poet and bard.
They're stealing an hour from us tonight. Make sure you would have lived it to its fullest.
unsure to what extent observing/acting in 0-sum games moves us away from the currency of test scores, $
Say hi if you come-I'll be greeting people at the door! Should I look for a Muppets shirt? :)
So cool!!!! =} Tmoney never seemed so intense :)) lol
I can never sit still
props to you, cud. love the new sound on #WZRD. can't wait for your next tour #boston!
now I'm really curious - what was the item?
SHE ONLY LOVE HIM KUZ HE REMIND HER OF ME SHE HATE MY ARROGANCE BUT HE DONT KEEPIT REAL LIKE THIS! SHE DENY IT, SAY I DON'T COMPARE TO HIM..
RAISE IT!!!! #Pirates win 4-2 and take the series from the Nats.
Wtf is up with the lane closure and traffic going down to one lane coming out of downtown on 794? That traffic pattern is fuckin terrible.
Thanks! Great job yesterday :)
first outdoor practice today. Now the REAL season starts
Is there any chance that the #UVa defense can get a stop this time?
In nat mood..finna make sum pop-corn then watch a scary movie on my laptop
Anyone have the #gophers player rebounding breakdown at the half??
You a fake friend and your friends' fake too, uh! You got the sauce sausage dripping fakeguh!!!! <<-- i don't even know what i did, idcurr
#1000HaitianWaysToDie EARTHQUAKE! Too soon?
Yup. So, are you getting on Tinychat later?
Ready for the most exhausting weekend of my life but it's all things I love #dance #modeling so BRING IT ON!
I just sat and read so many tweets from and they're great.
doesnt matter, we won...
Ivy what's good??
#2012isAustinsYear:) each and everyone of us love you and know that 2012 is gonna be your year<3
Its only a filibuster majority if Specter changes the way he votes...
The Avengers Was Awesome !!!
who am I to judge?
my phone died :c lmao. Sergio is probably freaking out.
fine then. I'll tweet a different tweet.
Hate WashPost slideshows too. 96% of the time, ad before doesn't play, which means no slideshow.
thanks for adding me to your UX list...
The Lions do need a cornerback something fierce. I'll go with the best cornerback available.
are you coming to KC?
There isnt an official Kronum Rec League in Texas yet, but we'll be there very soon
Anyone in the Dallas area looking for a part-time prepress position? DM me and I'll pass on the information.
RT : Beautiful Service so far..
played for simon cowell, leonardo dicaprio, steve wynn, etc last night
Isnt funny but sort of RT : Was just at 4 Seasons...Back Bay residents are taking over due to the blackout! now that's camping.
There is next season and TIMMY will be better!!!
You said it, Gulliver.
Well, this day was a total waste of makeup.
Thanks! Lots of owl fun, I'm obsessed too. Email to you soon.
Check out Week 7 of the w/ Tonight at 7:40 W/ on
Mama thanks for following me!My friend Maddy did this all for me and she is my best friend !All my thanks to maddy and you!
is serious, man
"We should all look at the man or the woman in the mirror and change the way we treat each other..." Thank you, Michael.
One of the greatest teachers I ever saw.
": #stella"how many left
Individualized attention is the focus at US Title.
~ Sober girls around me are actin like they're drunk
welp. i failed that test. #ohwell :/
very cool! ty for thinking of me :)
scottsdale hair salon Internet Marketing & SEO: scottsdale hair salon. The wavelength of the program (quite small) is this kind of t...
He argued that the basic anxiety of [humanity] is anxiety about being-in-the-world, as well as anxiety of being-in-the-world
At the right place at the right time...
Fuck this day
Right on Time by Maze is like a therapy session. Love it.
The All American-Bieber?
she has a way of doing that!
Love it! RT : When you send out positive energy, positive people come back to you.
it is funny comparing your account of game vs about Espinosa getting fouled
Why are there so many people sitting in running parked cars at the lake? I saw a cool one and would have felt odd taking a picture...
Gotta Love School:) NOT! Ps: Love Ya
month 14 of captivity...
im just saying biotch
Just bought "In Leah's Wake" by Terri Giuliano Long, #IBC Bestseller for TODAY - only $.99. Check it out all 5 $.99 books. Some great reads!
of course!!!
I'm not a bitch I just don't like you .
Not high maintenance ...
start with the people you're looking for, try the thing you're thinking of, codify. No web apps, just people.
its when theyre in kirstens room and maurice barks and blames it on her and says that. Rookie.
we will become masters of the
You write like a monkey. What country are you from?
Aw, you are so sweet. You too, Lisa!
#GrandpaFred Where did that Preacher over there go? Wonder what I would do with that ramp over there. What are we learning over there Becky?
send me a dm
If you refuse to give up, you can NOT fail..
Its YOUR life, so DONT waste YOUR time worrying about how other people live theirs.
Wow...throw up in my throat...really?
i text that number EVERYDAY:) please follow me!
Without the beard he's just not intimidating. Like DJ without hair.
either search good luck jane on abcchicago website or check our facebook wall when we posted it!
hope your Saturday Is sunshine and flowers!!!!:)))
happy mother's day beautiful!.<3(: have an amazing day with you're lil princess.(: stay strong as always.(: love you!!^.<3
MAN I MISS MY BABIES SO MUCH, LOOK AT HER CUTE SELF
A leader leads by example, whether he intends to or not
how dare you have your own opinion and not just cheer for who your followers want you to? Twitter is awful sometimes
took off my bridge piercing.. I feel ugly now lol. WAAAAAAHH
Michael Dell talks about the company’s plans to release a business-friendly tablet which runs Windows 8. - Bloomberg
Pretty Please Wish me luck on my Softball Game?<3 Cause your just that Amazing!!(;
hey new friend, love your city, Miami!
Thank you for the follow!
Why clean up CeCe's last name? It's "Peniston."
it worked great!!! Thanks :)
And we have resurfaced to have some reception
still top of the list
Justin looks so bangable rn. he always does...
wishing everyone a wonderful weekend! #TGIF!
this wouldn't happen if you'd hangout with me..
Now I remember why I once vowed to never go to PIM on weekends. Too bad I'm reminded when I'm already here
Just say no to SOPA.
No. I told you to take him.
I hate that!!! It's a curse/gift lol RT My spider senses NEVER fail me
And we're the ones with the bad attitudes! It all is so tasty.
we can't see it here. clouds. :(
okay my bad i thought you were loosing your mind! lol but yeah you right NO team jays!
How do you march in a parade BEFORE you were born?This guy is god!
what's up guys get at me songwritermusicofdash on the work work flow! Let's make hitts
hahaha - glad someone picked up that reference !
Might as well have just fucking stayed home.
In history, trying to study for Spanish. Twitter keeps interrupting me!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 65
I've never seen them play either, and no one cares about tennis lol
"I base most of my fashion taste on what doesn't itch." -- Gilda Radner
I like #startupstate - nice play on words. It is kind of long though.
I heart bigtime & !
“: Martin is so dumb. #NationalSecurity”hahah bro im watching that too! Crackin up!!!
I want to make a Facebook account and name it Nobody so that when I like some post, it would say Nobody Likes This.
lol you n chinese aint you
#SaySomethin IS MY NEW OBSESSION<333
yea we will see if paulie pavillion sells out then ....
RT : Printing Powerpoint presentations into OneNote - editing & note taking with my tablet - save it on tablet - paperless!
How many GRANDerz sent vinny bracelets???please reply back guys!
Hoping this Syracuse vs Wisconsin game doesn't put me to sleep before the OSU vs UC game
u should check out the CHBC evening prayer meeting while you're there
ha- snow in April IS always that bad. Lest you forget my friend :) Don't be asking for that. haha. Thanks for the well wishes!
thanks KT...have a good one!
what you're from boston now too? :p
It actually feels good to be back sitting in a class.
a politician ?
Well, I guess original is better after all :-)
royal plush!!!!
Haha that makes no sense?
Id say I'm in a pretty god mood cause I got some cough medicine.
I love giving people gifts!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0095><U+0093>
coming through Atlanta on the 13th
OMG! Hail the size of golf balls on my porch!
I bought myself a birthday cake today and it isn't even my birthday. So there!
I'm really rapidly getting to the point where I fear I'm going to resume harming myself. I can't handle this anymore.
you made the right decision young grasshopper
Um, honestly not all that great! but it's whatever.. I only have 2 days of school left :D
Despite not being able to open PDFs, I was able to finish my proposal draft and article critique.
It's a rare evening when the New Jersey Nets are the biggest story in sports.
do u even have a facebook?
Such a beautiful day!
yo. i gave up facebook 4 lent. if u need a chuckle, check out & especially coatesy.
I heard about it. Sounds like fun! But I'm going to be in Minneapolis for a bachelorette party for a wedding I'm in this summer.
Levi Leipheimer joins Maria Carrillo student ride
Put yourself in the shoes of the people you have to cover.
says: All women are angels. If our wings get broken, we just fly around on brooms. We are flexible, after all!
And you're our new favorite Elise! Don't tell all the other Elises. Good luck on finals.
Life has no limitations, except the ones you make. - Les Brown
Gathering inspiration for my makeup studio. Tons on my agenda lately!
what a wonderful distraction you are..<3
I like your blog! I especially loved the Ricardo Tisci post, those photos are absolutely amazing
of course!
Thanks for including us! :)
O RT : Mackena, Y U NO take jokes?! They're only funny! :D
Hi Frank! Thanks for the follow <U+263A>
Coach Joe Scott of the Denver Pioneers says focus is the key to continued success
road trip to allegheny!
Early morning s***
im coming in December
CHOKED IT! Tiger would have made it.
I don't want church as usual or a mundane Christian walk, I want Divine Intervention! God have your way!
I miss you<3 I hate how friends can become strangers
what one did you apply to?
Hello and welcome to Kathi and Lorraine! Thanks for your support!
The Oscars, where 99% of #SAG actors watch the 1% who work!
I know this is a little geeky but I am stoked about the new release of Axure 6.5 -
Harvard Libraries major restructure. Very scary. Will def be following
The princess bride
you too!
THE HEBREW HAMMER!!
For Mother's Day my husband bought me a new hammer. I LOVE it! :)
BioDeodorizer gets rid of odors by digesting their sources, utilizing friendly bacteria that eliminate organic wastes.
#Orioles now have the best record in baseball!
Hey, Al! I hope all is well :-)
I hate time changes! Its barely 3am vegas time and I'm wide awake :(
Thanks for your support!
GoodMorning..Thank God, Thank The People He's Placed In My Life That Leave A Positive Impact An Thank Everyone Who Believes In Me
Looking for a good-yet-ambient videogame soundtrack to play in the background while writing. Suggestions? (?)
I can't it says it's forbidden...oh well...
recording a video for x factor. You ?
Ask me in September. If the team wins 70 games as expected, then the homegrown players aren't good.
awesome mag, Troy! Congrats!
IF YOUR A PROMOTER PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND LET ME KNOW YOUR A PROMOTER AND ILL FOLLOW BACK DOE
count me in.
OMG WE REACHED 200 FOLLOWERS (: ~Dana
Testing, testing 1, 2, 3. Who is seeing this? And if you are reading, reply to this question: Are You Ready for IN BIG D: 2012?!?!?
Hoping to see win her primary today in
I like sleeping in....
#TransMac sounds like it'd be a transexual pimp, but nah, it's a program letting me burn MAC OSX to a disc in windows.
on my way to class arghh!! IM TIRED
you ugly
I cut my hair, but I want long long hair. Why do I do that >.< lol, braiding it forever 24/7
was up big hommie. Let's meet up after the holidays
i'm special! lol
yo wats good home u still have the same email.
#ID channel
Another fun day for MAVC's youth rec league. A big thanks to our coaches and the Cosby & JRHS student helpers!
LA County Fair was a lot of fun.
TY for the feature! RT Also, check out our new Pooch Pal @ www.poochandbones.com
especially on a Monday, they should know better lol
My grandad driving* its a 20mph school zone, so he slows down to 20mph. And I'm like, its a fucking sunday, who's going to be at school?
Ladies, place your heart in the hands of God & he will place it in the hands of a man who he believes deserves it.
Appreciate the folo...see you at the movies!
Everything is perfect right now. Thank you rain storms
Bout to buss ha ass before I buss these suds
Like our normal offers? Wait until you see what we've got planned for Monday.
Love Oher. What will we do about the wide receiver position though???
Ready for the
That was probably the most ridiculous thing I'll read all week.
never thought I'd see the day...
follow me . <3
I wish I could live free. I hope it's not beyond me. Settling down, it takes time.
Too young for a legacy
Now I pay the price at work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
need more bronco research. Qb interesting choice 6'7" and has an arm.
Honestly, no one gives a shit so you can shut up anytime now...
Beautiful day today.
Hope so! She didn't train me, there's things i'm supposed to do that we nevr even went over once. :/ She's a horrible person.
Just got my AP with on the cover! Love the article! <3
because I don't have as many relationship problems as you
The nicer someone is, the farther away (s)he is from you.
Sleeping<U+2665> & yourself? :)
How is your family celebrating Mother's Day?
You may find a degree of comfort in identifying the successful people with whom you share faults. But never let it become a source of pride.
Yes he did. Next thing will be, co hosting w He will have to trademark
Holy crap JF where have YOU been all this time? I've been easy to find. Never left the Shrine :-)
One year ago, YouTube reported 24 hours of video uploaded per minute, as of April 2011 its now 35 hours uploaded per minute!
Hello there sir!
oh yeah, its sometimes really hard to stay positive, but I just always remind myself that I am going to make it, no matter what.
If 3 things align this February, the first press release will be very interesting. Publicity, promotion and review push to follow.
Gotta Love San Francisco, #SFGiants tickertape parade, Aubrey Huff with thong and beer, then Half Moon Bay for snapper and beer.
Out with friends! many drinks in! life is god. :)
The morning clouds form curious shapes, shifting into high burial platforms, disappearing through the stand of old "turpentines".
Going to the #BVMCarnival :) I hope it doesn't rain :o .. Chicken Fingers right now :)
Do u got SWAG ?
you have to check out Kauapea Beach. It's a nude beach, but it is super picturesque.
Super worried and can't stop thinking about the what if's.
Hello Seattle Tweeps. Sorry 4 lack of tweets. Eldest daughter (& 1st born) married this wkend. Sun came out just in time. gotta sell paninis
thank you!
The Real Housewives of Disney: I'd watch it.
Why people r unfollowing me:( wat did I do!
Listening to the Adobe team share their social media best practices. Fascinating! Time for some case studies
Thank you! RT: I Am becoming a HUGE fan of Jacket2 #Poetry (via )
RT : q4) use diagrams to develop your own learning designs!
I wanna be forever young
Happy Blueberry Pie Day! Yum my fave:)
Kirk Cousins = Drew Brees. Don't be surprised if Cousins has a better career than RGIII.
Can you believe it? There have been 410 reads of our press release about our auction today. Pitch Engine and Wendy92 you're the best!
I love "If someone cant make a mashup of your content, why do you have it?"
See ya later RT : Hey everyone if you're looking for a nice Happy Hour in a 4-Star spot at 2-Star prices check out
I tend to not follow if someone is doing more than 15 or 20 unless I know them or they are interesting.
Peer pressuring to #MakeALawForJamey may be hypocritical....hell why not. DO IT NOW!
Way to go America, you're #fat. At least no WI cities made the top ten, but there r still fatties here.
I unfollowed her too! They are all annoying money hungry whores
It was great to see you even just briefly! Miss you in Seattle!
Pocket ReTweeted... That was new.
Hatley Branch Library Seniors Christmas Party Tues, Dec 6th 12-3p. Bingo, Live Music, Caroling. Potluck- bring a dish to pass and a $2 gift.
you in jersey or no
The Seattle Agile Open conference is in Redmond, not Seattle. Does that only bother people in Seattle?
I know right!
#PointlessCeleberities Madonna! She cant sing, she needs to retire and do something else! Her time is up, she needs to accept that
Hahahha the reason he was wearing a hat is because he had a zit underneath ;) LOLL
I love reading all of your RTs to your fans. I NEED to see you in concert soon.
the Rockefeller Center xmas tree donated to Habitat for Humanity 2 be used in the construction of a home in Philadelphia.
I. Hate. Pimples.
Good evening
Tomorrow is April make it your goal to learn how a life coach can guide you, I would be happy to explain :)
Best part of Kindle and Nook copies finally being available- you guys can read the first chapter on your devices for free! :D
It's a beautiful day!!!
So cool! RT : Just finished watching a vey cool Arlon vinyl application demonstration.
RT : Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success. ~ Henry Ford
Must admit. Kinda loving the Marta hatred in the stadium. I know I'm feeling it at home.
Got my two wisdom teeth out today luckily I didn't have four. In recovering mode now!
You cute doe, You cute. c:
send me a copy! Miss ya bro
Happy Easter.
thanks Mike! Trying to bring it home for Cleveland!
Why is my timeline everyone is speaking French.. I mean I know what some are saying..but still
#sportsbiz meetings today at ESPN Wide World of Sports complex. Look forward to the tour!
RT #hybris word cloud highlights : innovative, open-minded, social, ambitious, passionate, open, fun
what's your favorite instrument?
"There are only 2 reasons why people can hurt you. 1. You really care about them 2. They don't care about you"
#GoodNight all, gotta long work day tomorrow:-/ gotta make that money
9 minutes left in the second half -- Bombers up 94-73 over 's B-team.
Gotta stay on my A game when it comes to she's bad <3
Can so make that happen! #Bam lol RT : For my birthday I would like cupcakes from ! THEY ARE THE BOMB DIGGITY DOO!
“: What do you hate? Me?!” more of a tough love for
1 More Day Of Hell.
yes look up the definition in the book, DI is made up of 2 parts, prison knew about problem, failed to do anything about it
MT : Had a total blast at UVA... I walk away all agog about the graduate students and SLab hackers. Amazing group.
Everything's Good Bro. How 'bout Yourself?
of course! Didn't want to let you down ;)
that's what the hell I said
a rut
dirt road anthem will never get old!! Great tune.
Don't change on me. Don't exhort me unless you attend to do it forever
Here comes the first of three exciting, fun, crazy weekends -with homework and quizzes as the break between.
I used to sleep. Before I joined Tumblr and Twitter.
Good man! Trying to get this album done.
You don't need a SSN but you will need some form of ID
drawing back and forth arrows is a b****
#GamerPickupLines Will you be the Princess Peach to my Mario?
Excited to finally see some media coverage of the Boston and New York teams over the next two weeks.
I cannot believe he missed the field goal!
There is nothing like #TEA with
we were there-trust...just not by choice
We express our solidarity with the oppressed people of Bahrain that are standing up for their rights&wish for democratic reforms!
And shaky.
Thanks for all the birthday wishes :)
Red Maple in Baltimore tomorrow night is DJing
#Kiski Basketball wins 2 games today in #National Prep Tip Off Tourney. 83-72 over Phase 1 Canada and 90-61 over NIA Prep. Balanced scoring!
Wonderful to have you here--thanks so much for the Sunday Supper photo.
aw i love u too
oh, DUH!! im a lil retarded. haha, how old are youu? sorry for another question bahah
“: Meant to say...absolutely HATE depending on people”.
Heading to Blaine, Midway and Maplewood for estimates today. DM me for a free, no-obligation, estimate to clean your windows.
Me love me some Target
Thanks 4 the Follow Friday props - we agree it's going to be a great panel & Summit! Big Apple, here we come
I'm really bored but good lol
nope. try again
RT Today in #Herstory; In 1873, philanthopist Anne Morgan born. Daughter of financier J.P. Morgan.
Any one who follows us will receive a free class at Studio just tweet back Super Impact 1
oh you tweetn off an iPad
“: One in five women in 1700s London were prostitutes” As Stam would say..worlds oldest occupation#Impressive comin from a tchr
I'm constantly waiting for John Quiñones to pop out and tell me my whole life has been a tv show.
Aww finally said they love me back lol.That must have been cash that said it "shh but we love you a lil more" YUP sounds like CASH
nothing.. wishing something.
Time for lunch!
I wish I had a recipe! I'll see if I can hunt one down or make one up.
Hi Guys Love <3 I miss you , how are you ?? :) Follow me please !
you don't actually know him he's just a douche bag so you know his kind
We did the same in Cincinnati! “: I'm looking at Pre-Schools already for my baby. L.A. Is weird.”
With Rick Santorum back in Pennsylvania, the future is brighter for the GOP up and down the ticket, says the leader of the Log Cabin Repu
o pls are u serious are u serious almost broke me blood clot leg off lmao that was the funniest YouTube video ever
I did
It appears I'm going to be working directly above a Cosi. Perhaps I'll get an Arctic Mocha in your honor.
Boring Friday. Just want something to do.
rekindling a friendship
your team your High school your colors your pride @ www.varsityjackets09.com
Please check your email, Mark. Your shirt was shipped on the 17th.
Yay, finally my birthday!!! I'm so excited!!! #pumped :) Continuing the festivities!!!
Lost 4 friends uhm still drinking..... lock it up
............. him & i will have secret times in the hotel. btw, are you guys staying thererreee?
Thankful for time at home!!
The story of Jessica Dorrell and former football coach Bobby Petrino is messy. But, who can judge? Who wouldn't do what Dorrell did?
"Paul's Boutique" is one of the best albums of all time. A meshing of jazz, rock, awesome sampling, all against great lyrics.
Happy Birthday to the best linebacker in the history of the game !
So tired. Don't think the second load of laundry is getting folded tonight.
What kind of microphone do you use?
Presence. Acting. Dancing. Singing. Focus your efforts in that order.
We attract people who are reflections of ourselves. So beware of anyone who wants to be with you when you're an emotional wreck.
wait you're in love already?
Neat. RT : Don't think a 6:40 first pitch is going to happen
just awesome! Glad I stuck it out until the end.
Oh. She's just getting ready for her date... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Just had lunch at Snarfs with !
oh. i don't think i would like that haha! i have to go for a bit... i'll be back in like 10-15 min :)
sleeping lol .... been so damn busy lately sleep has not been an option! Why what u up too??
#truelife my stepbrother is a creep.
Old navy flip flops are honestly so ugly. But everyone wears them. Including me.
How late are y'all staying?
At Alex Theater in Glendale for LACO: Charles Ives, Gabriel Kahane, and Hayden on the menu. Report to follow at
“A facade of skyscrapers facing a lake and behind the facade, every type of dubiousness.” -E.M. Forster (on Chicago, of course)
wep all you can do is come over one Sunday and check it out. I'm not on the team so I don't know how they pick songs
And we're back at ! Did you know we push updates to the Encyclopedia of Life software on a weekly basis? Contact me to learn more.
yes sir u did
oh man can I try this?
What'd ya do for Mothers Day For Your Mom ?(;
that's a tough one Kat. I really couldn't say. Suppose it depends on the individual.
And that's why you don't leave Ovi open in the high slot.
working on today!!! WOOOT or as they say
Can I write for adventure time? Shit I'm random as hell too
According to current travel guides, New Orleans is one of the top ten most visited cities in the United States. What do you think is the...
#gdconline #rossborden...this guy knows what he is talking about
what are u doing in SA? Any events that i could attend to get your John Hancock! :)
Side note: I did think Honda's TV-edited :60 version was tighter and more effective than the extended preview.
. Understood. But disclaimer is still missing from column page. Until it's there, readers will assume views = yours.
always lookin for great people with great product.....
Our mothers didn't condemn choices of others. MT : BristolPalin haters, your mother got knocked up. Such hate of mothers on left
I spy with my lil eye... 'sale' signs at ! Time to investigate :-)
No, but I should. Been have some strange ones lately. Do you?
haha it involves a tow hook, a Jetta, & a holly bush...
still can't sleep
Autism is not caused by bad parenting. I have great parents, and I can tell u r a caring, devoted mom.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCETON! THIS IS MY BACK UP ACCOUNT MY MAIN IS I Hope You have a Good Day !<U+2665><U+2665>
UofL has nothing to hang your head about. This is just UK's year.
What was Jon Baker's unit ID on the show CHiPs? Answer: Seven Mary Three.
well if you weren't always breathing yo hot breath on my social neck we might get along :) ha!
Movie recommendation is Glenn Close in "Fatal Attraction"
“ people who I can occasionally have really deep conversations with, and at the same time joke around with them.”
way 2 lazy right now 2 scroll back through me tweets 2 find the poll that initially started this convo between me &
Congrats to for being named Executive of the Year & whose FAN360 application won the Product Innovation Award!
Watching The Last Unicorn. Cause I'm that awesome.
got you,
I'm so happy and made up! <U+263A>Thank God
YES, God always do what He says...He is AWESOME!!
MT : Excited to discover the hashtag #ShowAndMail! Take a gander at #snailmail other people are sending & receiving! Love it!
Its come to my attention that girls are actually getting paid to make me sandwiches
Oh btw tonight perform at international pop overthrow.
#todayinmay it rained.
What a day, good, but busy!
AW HOW DOES IT FEEL TO HAVE YOUR INSPIRATION HEAR YOU SINGING? MUST FEEL AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Kevin Love continues to validate his career with another ridiculous game tonight.
#NoManShouldEver say no to some head!
you just made me look really stupid
At Blue Jackets with Airstaff & new artists Neon Trees
Back from gym. Signed up.
Happy Birthday!
Running on little sleep, and my triceps feel like they are dying so I can barely lift anything. The work day is going to rock!
This is like teaching in the winter in Taiwan, but with less jumping up and down.
I was so annoyed with the shittalking and booing him everytime he came up to bat.
I'd take quality followers over quantity followers anyday
Had a very good day ;)
Wow, I'm impressed...such a celeb! Help me make my dream a reality!
Currently suffering from a debilitating disorder which only allows me to eat dark chocolate peanut M&Ms.
. . . because that was my favorite character on Law and Order SVU. THANK YOU, TWITTER. PLAYING NIGHTLY. TIP JOSEPH KONY.
I need wifi!
Fabulous night with the Bell Family! :)
Aw, its true. We Defend Gaga <3
The Ideas To select the Right Baby Nike Atmosphere Max Three ...
Watching pigeons at Lake Ella. You cannot comprehend how happy I am.
Operation crib complete!
I wonder...maybe if I broke up my syllabus into topics by day instead of by week I could cover more ground...except the point isn't coverage
I...am...nothing...without...JESUS
RT : Should news orgs on Twitter have "tweets by @ ..." in their bio? I've always been iffy. has a good approach, tho.
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber 67
#AGBT Coming to a close. Farewell dinner tonight. Jaime & Mike heading back to MCW tomorrow AM. Thanks for following our adventure!
Gorgeous guitar music coming from the building next to our HQ right now...Hello, perfect almost summer day.
RIP Chief Jay Strongbow
Extremely sleep
okay, i can't read anymore. I have work to do. Honestly, that is one of the best comment streams I've read in a LONG time.
I need to go to Chicago I ain't been der in a min I miss my fam der.
surely, that must be a joke.
If you move texts and syllabi to electronic, we need good annotation apps.
Looking forward to providing the soundtrack to tonight's event featuring soon...
Love the Totoro!
AT HOOTERS WIT
At the Madison Kid's Expo with Carsten and Lindsay. Very surprised, but he's loving the fire trucks.
and where would someone find one of those?
Heading out to radio w Jenny, () she's on @ 7:40am ...& to check in with who is guest hosting today! Tune in.
Follow :) follow follow follow :)
Thanks RT : #FF for my Recent Follows
Whoops Forgot to include also! Congrats on his new job w/
O I googled it and it looks cool! Will try it out for sure :)
Oh...no Whitney Huston
what's good?
what is w/ ? there has been a steady stream of people waiting in line for water. I should talk, i just filled up 30 gal lol!
Can't wait for #60Minutes tonight as they pay tribute to Mike Wallace - the man who invented the tv interview.
hahaha victory has never tasted so sweet
Okay, pundits: let people mourn Junior Seau before you turn his death into political fodder against the NFL. There will be plenty of time.
The Rbloggers post is gold-- It's currently ripping around several CS/Public Policy labs at CMU--
#dermal care: push & hold the piercing down to keep the anchor in place & to keep any fluid that may be under it expressed.
The more I think about it, so am I!
#NP: "My Head Is an Animal" by These guys definitely have a good thing going on!
“ TONIGHT brand NEW episode of La La's #FULLCOURTLIFE on at 9pm! We hook up on a few dates!! Gonna be a good one! RT”
if my mom understands that i'm tellin jokes then...wait, can u take that broom stick outta yer ass? it's distracting.
#Boo you made me smile, thank you so much! <3 I LOVE YOU!! :-)
My nigga Ju is a fool tonight wild but he called out the play before we got up in here so salute
What kind f surgery did you have??
Counting down the days till I'm in Spain! <f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>
I feel you
Good to connect with you on Linkedin
The thing is, carrying the loaded gun was a "decision"...not an "accident"...How many "accidents" will it take?
To the girl of my dreams sorry that I never met u
Finally over my fear of riding by Semi Trucks . #That's Sad .
Thanks of Devil's Hand fame for the
Thank you Jess :-) It's the least I can do for a lady as nice as you! Xoxo
If God did it for me...He'll definitely do it for you:)
I was set to give up on counting steps!
Was just propositioned for a threesome. Bitches always come back for more.
me either.
Just remember whenever I give up it won't be because I don't care, but because you don't.
Finally over a million on temple run ik right lol
....about 40 minutes.
I work to hard to be ballin on a budget
Even strippers hate litter bugs, yo.
Squad 6 has to be pissed ha
Follow my nigga
Might move to NC....kinda excited if it happens!
as if you ever were??
Watching today's historic match Houston vs D.C. On
What ever happened to respect?? These females get turned on by being called a bitch and a hoe..smhh only this generation
This game screams 1987-93. A relic of the most entertaining era of college basketball. Pace is gonna give me a heart attack
Thank you for the reminder that the flag brings us together and represents the best in each of us. You've got the right stuff!
Best way to deal with a hangover is to sleep through it.
Looks like a great day to rehab.
Rabbits Rabbits <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0>
Most know as a committed practice management advisor, but few know he enjoys piña coladas and getting caught in the rain.
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 53F FAIR
Currently having a long text conversation with We are in the same house. The 21st century has ruined us.
bc that isn't you in that picture.
great idea
Whoa! Wish I was down there to run into them!
Was asked: How do you find work as a freelancer? I smiled and said: Exploring.
try the firefly tea vodka too
Outta school early.!
BINGO!!!!! RT : Welcome to The Pride!!
NEIGHBORHOOD FIREWORKS!!!
thanks for the retweet :)
Just signed Miss Molly up for Kindergarten. Let's hope the Zen Dog Training Folk can help us teach her some manners!
Good Luck Julia Stone on the SourceCon Challenge!
Shhhhh. My cousin. He's special.
looking forward to seeing you at ! xoxo
Seeking entrepeneurial spirited individuals to help us bring health insurance to Indian Country -
Can't wait to see all of our friends in Copperas Cove, TX this weekend! We have already been praying for it.
Good question. Some of it is natural. A lot a result of crossing the fine line of minutiae that do/do not need visual rep.
so um... your still mine right?
Concept of a child soldier is upsetting when I think of my boys.
Casey Kotchman is a good pick up, but he's a career .268 hitter w 59 homers in 8 years. Don't sell him as the "bat" we've been waiting for.
Yea just a lil tired n out of it RT : Awe I heard what happen , are you okae ?
Some girl in my driver's ed class thinks she's a cat. God help her.
Still waiting for you*******
is Raelert bleeding or is my screen resolution just weird?
Good Morning!
Environmental ap exam tomorrow... Unprepared
Like a fucking good laugh, and love a good fucking.!")
Well said : As a Pennsylvanian,always found the Paterno worship unnerving,as if it were a football program w/ a school attached.”
nothing cloud
AFL: Suns, Giants match-up intriguing
Thanks. Glad you enjoyed your
This Mothers Day, celebrating by birthing something. If you're into that kind of stuff.
Thank you all who said all the birthday wishes to me (: really preciated #loveya <3
#cantwaitforvegas lets make this a trend bored can u tell?!
Pee Wee's Big Adventure?
Rickie Fowler>>>> any other golfer
You weren't alone. :) Several of us downloaded it, too. It's fun!
Omg this lady makes the word sandwiches evvveeerrr
I'm working on some background textures. I'll put up a link soon, so you can take, share and do as you please with them! :-)
Happy Friday Everyone! Getting ready to perform at the Temecula Wine Festival this weekend. Should be wonderful : ))
Buenos Dias #San Francisco y #BayArea!
People who drink, then go to sleep, and then wake up and say they are completely sober, piss me the fuck off.
Come out tonight to 910 live! n rock the stage!
Blasting Passion Pit while I get ready. It's one of those days.
you are amazing :)
I'm Gonna Lick His Ear Tommorrow...
Ay man... Rock with my Playa Patnas #genius flow
can I have your metabolism, please?
First day not shooting in three weeks and looking forward to READING A BOOK!
would love to hear Kandy Don't think I'm not. That's a bad ass song. :)
Interesting, I know of an Olivia Rose born in recent years. Big congrats to Emilia, her family, and Auntie Carolyn :)
don't be writing checks your ass can't cash.
You can get that at a place near me for half that. I say it's overpriced.
Is it just me, or are these iPhones just a bunch of hype!
Get Drunk like a Kennedy
Well hello the all the skirts, dresses, and vaginas I am going to see todayy
Sue and Jimmy Feeley say hi and good luck! They are my friends!
when guys lead you on then just ignore you < the fuck?
It's okay to have 17 boyfriends right? (;
I feel like that cheesy bites pizza hut commercial ripped off "gold on the ceiling" by the black keys
ciao thank you! Xoxo
Its wonderful to c some of the best of the best back on #DOOL. U were very much missed.
I will not settle for the status quo. I will not make excuses. I will change my world and the only way to do it is by helping others!
The person you care for the most is the one person you will let hurt you the most.
Im back home in Dallas after a long yet fruitful trip to the Asia-Pacific
I don't hate him at all. Like the guy. Didnt mean otherwise.My point was for chicken littles not to let sky start falling again.
You always did look the best in Green and Gold IMO
:) SO WHAT'S UP WIG YOU TODAY..WAT U GOT PLANNED
Try to snap a Union Rags photo if you can. Been in love with that horse since the Champagne last year. Thanks!
Hello Emmett: Thanks for the follow. I like the work you are doing on Jordan's River. Robert Speed Robert Speed Productions
lol ! hey so bingo players is a GO :)!
The Emperor's New Clothes by Hans Christian Andersen: Naked...the new black!
"Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goals; nothing can help the man with the wrong mental attitude."
Despite the tragic loss last night, was off the hook! Kings fans rock!!
You are 100% ON TARGET!!! thanks for the tweet! too many people think that SM is the answer to what ails them...
I'm game for a rematch, but after three losses in a row in WI are you?
hi, so im sending you an invitation to my 15th birthday party, you coming ? <3
seriously tho let me come c;
and #bowerypresents are making my night!
Gonna sit down and eat my burrito.
and I'm really happy to dig into leftover kale pesto!!! Smooches!
Christina Georgina Rossetti~ Better by far you should forget and smile than that you should remember and be sad.
shhh they're going to kick you out! you do have facial hair tho, no? i think that counts.
You are welcome!
Right back atcha!
Seriously, #Vegas, GET OFF YOUR PHONES (don't act like you're not still using them), and stop hitting pedestrians. Two kids within an hour!
that was very clever XD
So happy for you! I also need to see Julie & Julia. I have it on hold @ the library but I think a lot of others got there 1st.
Yes! she really has come a long way.
wait do I sound gay? Im just wondering.
"Jenn I love your CFMPs" "My what?" "Your Come Fuck Me Pumps. They're fabulous." Haha ok! Love my gays & my red high heels. ;)
Sad weekend in motorsports.. RIP Mr. Carroll Shelby, one of the great ones!
DUDE that shirt you're wearing in your picture... Yeah I definitely have that shirt!
sorry for replying so late. but he is an aspiring 15 yr old singer that lives in Texas
It is. Not a bad song to have stuck in your head. Could have been a lot worse!
We've been called the Amazon Club.
Last day of class for the semester. It's warm and overcast. I have new music on my ipod. Today is beautiful.
If you believe in a drug free home and protect your family through early discovery you need to follow.
been there before, not fun! hope you can get to sleep soon!
Agile Publication Model May Establish Openness Protocol for Many Traditional Systems agile publishing for textbooks?
I already like it!
lol yea that shit is true we fucked niggas up for real. Those was the good ol days lol
Tide to become Official Laundry Detergent of #NFL. All teams incl. Fee must've been high! But activation opportunities endless.
None have any real political skills or charisma to match up with Obama!
so, she denied it, he broke his phone & he was talking to me on fb, once again you were right. i over react . lol love you xx
you're welcome bro and yeah we can get to know each other ! :)
what you doing bro?
Finalizing some upcoming travel and realized that I might see twice in the same month.
see u in a new movie soon Arnold
I feel bad, I feel like its my fault :'(
Wasted Wednesday in full effect! Followers show this tweet to a bartender for a FREE Shot!
I'll invite :p
As a middle aged voyeur, I don't see a concensus amongst protesters. Makes it hard to show support. Need more focus.
#rememberwhen u would try to stay up all night for xmas
Question for #historyteachers: I think the Denver Post had a slideshow of color photos from the New Deal. Anyone have a link for that?
Good Morning!!! Thanks for the #FF Hope you have a great day today
Sam stay away from zayne :p
watching the #crunchies online right now, would love the Nokia phone!
clawing my eyes out
yeah.. My mom is half Norwegian half Italian, my dad is Irish, English & German. Haha
I want to dance in an empty street along to I'll be Seeing You with someone. <3
Desk didn't fit me... Good thing my #HTCOne S is forged by lightning! I deflected the debris and made it to safety!
Come on Rose forget about the 3 and drive on em!!
we don't have fans, we have family. :) thank you all
Finally finished with grading. This anthropologist has returned to her natural habitat--the vineyard.
love it!
Car bombed.
Hope so. Good luck.
Thx. Doesn't seem to actually say much of substance, though.
Valentine's Day Drinks for Kids These Valentine's Day drinks are as fun to make with the kids as they are to drink. And the recipes inclu
HUSTLIN is key to balanced diet. Get yo weight up!!
I'm at the online cafe. There is a children's day care upstairs. Industrial Techno music and child laughrer. Pretty surreal.
O now u wanna talk out the side a Yo neck like I wont kum over there n comb ya head fa ya
Took a couple weeks off from the tables. Back at it tonight, though. Time to get the old folks money.
i bust michael hunter w/77...
i think i finally figured it out. If you wanna check it out go to aaronfryklund.com to the works page. It's reading from mysql
((( Like FREE ?, Sell any item free,, www.just-plug-in.com )))
Yes I tweet at nicki minaj don't judge me because I love that bitch
OK Fugazi archive presentation is memorable already.
#halloween is over..
True, it's not always easy finding the right mentors for oneself. Good reminder of how valuable they are tho.
Who wants to drop out with me..?
The stronger you stand for something, the harder it is to stand! I'm living a BIG life, to do awesome things!
i still turn to you
party was crazy and fun last night! thanks to my friends for hosting it
5 Days Until '-A' :D
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis the lord of the penises
Im willin to bet i ate more rice last night than any of my followers
LADIES NIGHT 2night @ UltraBar!!! VIP 4 LADIES 21 + FREE on Guest List TXT me last minute names for List A.S.A.P. >>> 7034073810
I want some Captain Crunch
Freezing cold, snow, warm, rain. The average week in Chicago. I've learned to live with it.
Buenos Dias :) I hope you have a lovely Monday <3 xoxoxoxo
I think my students already knew this. #lazy RT : The word "school" comes from the Greek word "skhol" which means "leisure time."
Listen to the DeWitt Law Review radio show today at 2pm on AM 580 WDBO
Hey, sorry it took so long to respond. Can you tell me a bit about your business?
We HAVE had gorgeous weather lately. Looks like it might get dicey this weekend though!
“: What's up”. Chillin! Happy it's Friday!
While tweeting? “ I just did something I curse at Thais for doing. I took a shortcut down a sidewalk on my motorcycle.”
I'm so excited to see #ThePlayboyClub!
pleaaassse follow me !
RT : KOMBUCHA is in da house! Townshends Tea Brew Dr Kombucha is chilled and waiting for you at ECC! Enjoy!
Happy Easter to all Be Safe and God Bless!
Nick Brien's analogy re evolution of biz- used to be bowling, now pinball.
Some how everyday ppl always remind me of the old me..Makes me wanna snap n lose my mind..I NEED ANGER MANAGEMENT CLASSES ...
Ice T is the best on SVU! His one liners crack me up!
good morning beautiful!
Pop What up Bro!
Much like the Zombies, I must move, I must move, I must move - only literally.
I think it's important to explore the nuanced difference particular community makes to gender/sex knowledge production ...
NSN comes out this Friday!! are you excited?? I kno I am!
you mean you don't get why it's a finalist?
Garrick with the low blow error. (I thought they were yellow too).
All these banking scandals 2bn losses a con artist found away to get Billions without having a nickle
not upset at all, I'd be worried if my squads weren't in top 25 for football and/or hoops in the same yr
Please! ! Please !! All my follower delete this account and start following me on this account. alik_rainey Thank you”””
Improving peer and instructor feedback. In this example, students have to turn in assignment to peers for critical feedback prior to...
Making Orange Paint out of flour for tomorrows shoot... Looks like Cheese
soo this guy... we never really talk anymore, and i kinda miss talking to him(:
That's GREAT! The LC experience prepares our students well for UVA Grad School and whatever life brings! Congrats!!!
Their is a Rock of Ages screening coming to Boston! I need to find the link!
What an amazing organization you have. Congratulations on having such an awesome job! So glad to stumble upon you.
i still have your mom in my phone from folklife 08. Thats really weird, right?
RT : I think the horse from War Horse is drunk #Oscars #tweetroast They wouldn't let it in until it took off the horse costume
NYPL Monster Film Fest presents The Phantom Of The Opera, a screening of the classic 1929 film Saturday March 3rd at 2pm...
In the studio with , cant wait to start practice for warped tour tomorrow!
Forgot to bring an umbrella today, and that is most unfortunate.
"hypercorrection" is usually an actual mistake. Directors-General just behaves like attorneys-g, secretaries-g
Let's go Hawks!
Super typical. Got it in pre AK to A10. I lose obv.
"The marathon can humble you." - Bill Rodgers, winner of four Boston and four NYC marathons
I'm Leavingg For School :/! Adios!
Greg Saugnier of Deerhoof just killed it with us! Amazing musician!
looking forward to hearing more about your great week!
your welcome(:
Bra, kick Mike's ass! He is always trying to get you in trouble!
Why is everyone talking about God today. This boy on facebook was just reciting the whole bible & it was actually upsetting me.
#Youth who r unable 2 make informed decisions about sexuality & lifestyle get vulnerable. Side event at
congrats to you for winning the "two weeks with a crusty sock on your head" award.
Happy THursday! Thanks for the mention.
no, i'm just sleepy.
Im eating a cookie in my bed playing scramble
Lagging in the Tweeting dept--but not elsewhere. Productivity rocks my socks :)
Got my annual appeal from the bishop. Patrick: "Honey, your Catholic bill's here!"
Wondering if the Nuggets will pull this one off??? hm
#NP Destroyer - Bay of Pigs "please remove your spurs. Come to think of it remove your antlers"
When I get waken up from my nap! >.<
yeah it's not that I don't like strategy. I just think its overrated. Most times its obvious (sac bunt/pinch hitting)
There Is So Manyy Fake Twitters For Ray Ray From , Which One Is The Reall One?! Probably Not Even Following The Right MB ^_^
My next car is straight gon be a
Hey! We can't do reservations in advance, but we'll do our best to have you covered, and you'll always get an email receipt!
“ Show of hands. Er Twitter hands. Who is coming out to the reserve match tonight?” I'll be there, and I'll be square!
I feel bad for the IT folks at Comcast. I've a feeling it's a pretty major issue. Keep calm and carry on, folks.
Narcolepsy Diet Program – Foods That Heal And ... - Anyameten: Narcolepsy patients should be very careful about their diet program to...
interesting piece. I expected something a little different, more sense of schol as distributed vs individual, zero-sum
-- yes, I'd include Smalltalk and Scheme, w/ch were "siliconized" a couple decades ago, but good candidates today too.
Why am I hearing trains at 11:47 pm?
I have over 800 followers & 200 friends on FB - cant see your posts/tweets - text your customers instead. text me for info: 916-420-6020
Nobody's perfect, you don't have to be.
Families of Incarcerated Individuals will be hosting an Ex-offenders Education &Training Workshop March 28,2012 Benjaminhook Library 11am
thank you for everything you have done for the fans and taps, may god bless u and good luck,THANK U
My NBA wish list. I want the Memphis Grizzlies to have home-court advantage in the 1st round of the NBA Playoffs against the Clippers!
Come on down to Carver Park this Sunday at 2PM for the 5th Annual GE Softball Tourney! Rebels will be playing and taking home the trophy!
Ugh his bodies so hott why does his face have to be ugly ! Wah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
You like better than ?
The sex great no I dnt give her no half pipe
#alamw12 come join us in San Antonio A at the Sheraton at 10:30am today to hear about emerging technology residencies!
Welcome new followers: , Like us on Facebook.
What the heart gives away is never gone. It is kept in the hearts of others. Robin St. John
Hey everyone please follow-----> ! THEY FOLLOW BACK!!!
A study showed that more women have vibrators than husbands
good ace
haha yeah true that but I admit the optima looks pretty slick for an economy car. The Features rival luxury name brands now
can't wait to train the new dog to feed the cats in exchange for them scooping her poop
Work work work....
Im bout to make some eggs.
Hm interesting. That's some opaque data. Maybe b/c boomer academics writing about 2nd wave have come into their own?
Just ate one of the best homemade vegan oatmeal cookie eva! Yummy in my tummy(:
Its nothing like having a #Virgin to love :)
enjoying this beautiful sunday morning~ <3 <U+266C><U+266A><U+266C>
CIS Chess Instructor: "Yesterday, a student who just moved here from China said the 1st English word I've heard him say: Checkmate!"
I have to sneeze
You're not suspending your campaign, you're dropping out. Just say you're dropping out. Politicians suck.
If you bet against your stupid, point black. Money Team
I learned not to get my hopes up anymore either.
Q - 5 : Good relationships involve risk. Agree or Not?
": ": Spell lived backwards! Strange huh!" Hell yea, Damn near spooky..." I kno! Its crazy
Of course Obama is going to beat Romney. But then again, a Dan Quayle/Joe Biden ticket could beat Romney. It's not an accomplishment.
Great philanthropy training workshops w the last two days, special thanks to myrna hall!
hahahaha #mytanningaddiction cant live without it
not this year :( I've got too much going on LA right now. Great things! Have a drink for me!!
Because they're happy to see anyone new?
Way to go #Broncos! Great game for #15!
rihanna - fool in love .
on my tablet and have a app called 8tracks and all the songs are people who make them they are very good too
not yet the comin thou I think my first one gone be Mississippi state and Cincinnati but I'm tryin to get that Georgia one
I'm pretty convinced that the girl that bit you in chasing the sun was an actual vampire and now you're one too! :)
Ditto to Durham “: Wow...My boy Jonny Gomes is GONE!!! DAMN, I'm goin to miss him. I wish him and his lovely family all the best!”
Try it sometime ;) RT Wait that works?! RT Best pickup line: hey good lookin, what do you like for breakfast?
I'm a bit embarrassed to ask but is the crowd at the terrace for this new #uwseniorday? How in the world did I miss this boat!!
mixed feelings about this new addition to the #OED: "<U+2665> to heart."
Barre Body workout. Holy hell. That was hard!
Ate two homeade banana chocolate chip muffins today thanks to So good!
I wanna read it. Ill DM my address.
Keep your mind on the things you want and off the things you don't want.
I envy you so much right now. I'm up in Spokane, doing the master cleanse and sitting inside on a terrible day...
is it possible for someone to have a diferent personality when they have a guitar in their hand and singing? cause he is a real jerk mostly.
she lovin the crew
thanks for telling me!!! Congrats! I TOLD YOU!!
it's official! In June I will be Special Collections/Archives Librarian at Trinity University in San Antonio, TX!!
Dear Girl who fainted, You should have fainted in his arms..(;
I hate seeing people
Will you be wearing # 44 this season? I want to buy your jersey
morning. Still early here. 3:51am. How are you today.
hahaha yes RT : Do you ever feel like taking a shower is more of a favor to other people?
Your trip is creeping closer and closer!
Shut up, you make me wanna cry!
That taco bell hit the spot sleep time :)
- imma show you how to make your man say oh [;
so can you play it yet? Beirut - Elephant Gun on mandolin
E-Portfolio: There seems to be a trend of fear stopping people from experimenting with technology
“: Just seen a dude rockin yoga pants and uggs-__-” hahah me and saw him too!!
Watching #AmericasNextTopModel :B
sup homie? you have a twitter now!!
Who else is thrilled that Bob Seger is finally coming to iTunes? The world has been "Hollywood Nights"-free for entirely too long.
There's nothing like colorado springs.<3
...and also writing software to assist me in my method as I write. So I've had to reconcile myself to the idea that this could take a year.
tsk tsk just ready to go? I'm already going in!
if only I would have said 1 line! I was there before her
We ( ) watched the 1st 3 episodes & were dying laughing. Scary how you remind us of ourselves sometimes.
you need to Follow for 100 new followers
Yea. They just sell all food tho. Walmart should see them also tho.
Drinking crazy beer at uber anniversary
Less than 6 inches
The pursuit of happiness and the pursuit of pleasure are really just the same thing.
Who's running the Joe Kleinerman 10k in Central Park tomorrow? Should be about 38 degrees at the start gun - brisk but not freezing!
happy bday to us
Hilarious. Keep moving!
Sassys. Oh yeah.
It made me do the DTST. That funny.
Check out some rad turbines provided by KidWind to learn all about Wind Energy this month for Super Science Saturday!
I am doing the exact same thing! Just enjoying my family, the beautiful weather, and this wonderful day!
Did you know CTL can offer instructional design guidance and help get your course loaded into Blackboard? Contact us today @ .
do you think you and PCFH should tour together?
Thomas O'Brien shopped at Sienna Antiques last week!! Purchased a vintage tripod - movie light from my space! Visit Sienna in Petaluma!
"Where the heart is willing, it will find a thousand ways.Where it is not, it will find a thousand excuses." Price
Hahah I'm never taller than anyone. XD
#mythoughtsatschool i wanna party.
In Mexico they kill you twice: they kill you and then they kill your reputation.
oh. Sex much?
I love you more!
Today is the day
hhaaahaha, ok.have u told her?
It's Thursday. Time to jump-start your weekend. Lots of cool things happening in Indy today/ tonight. Stay posted. Tweet tips
Yeah plus were not the only ones that is annoyed that trash like 90210 and GG got renewed and worthy shows get cancelled
sorry to hear about Spartacus, I've been through that, it's very exhausting. I hope Sparty is ok. Give him hugs. #Love dogs!
How can healthcare professionals be compensated for time spent on digital/phone patient engagement? Are new 3rd party payment models needed?
looking for an artist to help with the #NotTrashHouston recycle vehicle for the upcoming pride parade
what is #TheSolution?
lol i miss your xo's ! ;(
that's hilarious, I hope you're both enjoying your obv makeout session opportunity
oh the horror...the HORROR! I'll be stuck looking like a 12 year old...forevah!
Daughter one is coming home tomorrow. Happy, happy happy!
Ghost Bar - The Palms Vegas. W/bgood & drauppaa
Watching 24 makes my hands clammy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3>
When you send a text to someone.. but it doesn't always deliver until you open that chat back up.
drummer boy and mistletoe
thanks! we hope you enjoy using it!
Are the SFDPW key maps unavailable right now, or is it me?
The Sopranos<U+2764> <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
A true #Throwback. Welcome to the new school.
people are lame. Meet you at Redmonds in 20!
I didn't know girls were supposed to get guys flowers for prom too...
Aweh, me to ~runs my fingers through your hair~
i use it as a marker to check out later. Or, if I like an article or list it's like a bookmark.
Triangle Home Movie Day sounds like it was an awesome event! Is it annual?
I think you'd like it. Zombies, open world, gore, lots of stuff. Congrats on the marriage btw. That's some killer shit.
Listening to this all week! Chat soon? Monday launches our biggest campaign yet, love for you to be involved!
Big Bank Roll!!!!!
lol cool, I'm Tremayne. Nice to meet you :)
we couldn't agree more! Love liege waffles!! ;-)
YOUR MY DADA AND JOHN PAUL IS MY DADDY I HAVE 3 DADDY'S OF CURSED DADDY MARVIN AKA SIR MARVIN AHHA..!!
Labor Day Hours: SECCA will be open regular hours on Sat (10 am - 5pm) and Sun (1 - 5 pm). Closed Monday. www.secca.org. FREE.
My fave song ever-!! "forever Young" by Rod Stewart! Rod is THE Man!!!!
Fair warning Don't ever eat ice cream beans cereal n hot wings all in a 24 hour cuz yo ass will b fucked up
i'm barefoot right now neener neener
#MLScup going on now. Let's go LA
John Elway, Coach Karl, the Rockies and Missy Franklin are all donating prized items to our auction. You don't want to miss this event!
Thanks! So glad to be back! :)
do you two ever give it a break
Huge thanks to everyone who came to packet pickup today! It was a big success. Our volunteers worked HARD!
Im having a bad day now forreal
I hope they take it higher before justice gets into the long arms of the ppl...
Driving down Langdon St this AM - lots of people heading home is it #walkofshame or #strideofpride?
Thank you! “: Thanks for the follow! I still remember how good you were in 's Genderf*ck Cabaret!”
Sail & rockclimb at the same time on RCCL's Oasis of the Seas. Lots to do at a gr8 fare fr. $799.Let's get you onboard!Sailawaywithdavid.com
Enjoyed myself at mizzou today
Watched Titanic and Top Gun today
I'm sorry hunn. I'm too far away right now.
How can we help you with your transfer student?
What a day what a day no coment. Time for training....
<it does!
of meeting someone new!
go ask he knows the gossip xo
"The right thing starts at the beginning of the day, not after you've been caught." John Crichton, "Farscape"
Who someone else is should never affect who you are... -V
Tomorrow #Newt is supposed to drop out of the #GOP presidential race. He just couldn't flip flop fast enough to keep up with
Watching a movie and eating chocolate frosting by the spoonful. Only thing that'd make it better would be if were here w/ me.
#goodmorning to my Shaun :) good talk last night! Thanks again for talking whenever I need a close friend:)
A hard pill to swallow...educating patients not to expose their skin to sun but believing we need up to 1,000 IU of D daily.
officially jumped on the #NYR bandwagon
lol..also need to stop the "as seen from outer space" colors in the weeves
THEY GONNA PERFORM GTB AND MRS. RIGHT!
A6. Just looking around this virtual room fills me with optimism!
Former attorney...Just finished Overseas by Williams. It's FABULOUS! 4 good books a week -- the ones I don't love take longer
In such a funk today because of my nightmare last night :/
Hi! Hope you get this!
Happy Thanks, and have a great weekend.
I may be insensitive- but have a hard time thinking a 9 year old cares at all about twitter.
You're the one who went to rehab, but I'm the one with issues? Something isn't right here.
Espeacially since its so hot here, most of the guys here are SHIRTLESS!!! :D
then shout me out
Please don’t hesitate to pass along any cool NYC info you may know of to me, including your own. I will definitely pass it along.
... Glad my obscure reference was missed. Score!
"They're looking for WR's." First smart thing these broadcasters have said today.
Great Wall of Mars, Grafenwalder's Bestiary, Weather, A Spy in Europa
Good morning everyone! Still need to get my coffee... everything is just blurring together.
thanks for the follow! Let's stay connected! Ps looking for sponsors if you know of anyone! Thanks
#GOP doesn't know what shame or embarrassment is. Hassleback tried to trick the president & got burned.
Indians in a rain delay. ugh
Coming up next week talks Terence McKenna and The Invisible Landscape and film techniques using fractals to imitate deep space
hair salon downtown
My Little Cousin Loves You.!:)
We're hosting a Fall Meetup and would love for you to come! DM us and we'll send you more info.
i love yall
you wont loose Me as a follower
3rd straight nail biter, but at least the Jays have some experience playing in close games. It's time for
I love #poetry, and a glass of #scotch, and, of course, my friend here.
Oh it looked good.
Dude, I just fix the toilet & the garbage disposal. I feel Like a real man. Holla atme!!!
bar crawl in conshy. It's so nice for a #dayload!
#nowplaying REMIX on the #FridayNiteMixTape with and
I am 25 yrs young & 25 yrs from now, I will still be a #Knicks fan, & even 50 yrs from then on & on.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you run out of awkward moments.
Whether its risk management or E business, online college programs help you learn the same at any point in life. Call upon us for aid...
ya I better get going, we are doing fireworks ttyl k
Halfway done with my final comp paper.
Proverbs 2:11 Discretion will protect you, understanding will guard you.
why what happened
"I had 999 problems and a bitch was all of 'em."---Keenan Thompson as Herman Caine
my favorite night is Thursday.. With :-)
gosh, I hope not! I could still claim that title for myself... :)
Help fight for a cure!
danced till i dropped last night!
Replay of IU vs. Kentucky on #ESPNU right now. Nice!
Still up doe
you'll get the hang of it, at 1st I felt the same way u did, but then I got used to it, just like I got used to FB lol:)
Maybe later
Sweet dreams an best wishes I'm passing out!
Brinkley for a first. 13 yard pickup
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. Wayne Dyer
she just mentioned that. I'll mention it too.
Please follow me????? <3333
"The business of libraries today is to meet customers where they are." Secretary of State Ken Dentzer
lmao well it was an off guard type of picture lol .
2D project just added to my list of stuff to do. I hope I'm living by this time next week.
RT : Drive me back to the bridge
he don't even gotta help with the bills? Lol
Anybody watch the SDUSD Board meeting 5/27? Are they confused and messed up? I say - yup! NEED A PLAN!
Its fine.
Great information Lisa. Thanks How do we contact you after the TWEET CHAT ?
Don't tell me you're going to copy haha not good haha jkjk
fair enough. I'm old (school)
which one??
Sometimes I look at the names of people who have had my textbooks before me and I look them up on Facebook...
Big shout out to my parents for ditching me like always
Could be that I'm still somewhat refreshed from my brief vacation, but most of the readings at #bocas2012 were lively
looking for yes!
Say what you want abt the CCP, but it changed one of 20th century's poorest countries into world's #2 economy.
live it up then RT Im livin it up for my folks :-) RT : Having fun during graduation season huh?
Juicy tonight ! At Hydrate night club ! Free till 12am ! Open till 4am.
Third day in a row just being able to lay out in the sun and TAN (:
My password is 666
Easy desert. Toasted Eggo waffle cut into bites in a bowl. Add1 scoop of natural vanilla ice cream with a drizzle of chocolate syrup. M'good
I am addicted to g shocks I'm going to get my 3rd one this year I love them things
that's so crazy; i had asked MLA what the tag would be and no one ever responded. metadata chaos!
I'm missing this interview Austin's doing and everyone's tweeting about it. I feel left out. Someone tell me what he's saying.
there are a bunch of 3rd gen iPod touch rumors, I don't have an actual link but has a great video about it
You win or lose the audience by 2nd slide, 30 seconds into a presentation.
I'm on a roll & squeezing in 'See Girl Run' into an already packed day. #sxsw is exhausting!
Yeah I like it a lot better too, I just wish I had more friends and family on it.
best feeling is to know that you hve someone who loves you and who will stick with you no matter what so if you have someone dnt let em go <U+2665>
2006 I knew I wanted own my own business
QUOTES: The best way to succeed in life is to act on the advice we give to others. - Unknown
One of the most sublime experiences we can ever have is to wake up feeling healthy after we have been sick.
oh sounds good
We aprreciate the follow
Lol! RT : Only went 1-15 on lights on the way home but got hit on by high school girls in a Jetta so it balances out.
I feel desolate.
droopy eyelids.. goodnight.
You know what? You made it! You have over one hundred followers now! Cheer!!
Your twitter background is awful
hahah can we remix that song
I don't remember that part lol. Guess I wasn't paying that close attention.
This dog is going to make me scream
shit is stare at you too if you lookin like that Avi lol
Happy mothers day to all the mamas!
"Are you on the twitters again?" - my mom, every time I pick up my phone
Nothing like watching my mother on Say Yes to the Dress to amp me up for a big night at
thank you my friend! Have a great weekend
HA! RT Rule No1 of having a daughter: Keep her off the pole. Rule No 2: brainwash her to like DVDs that you can watch with her.
Be where you are.
Tell Ya Followers 2 Follow Me!! the HA[R]MONY & [B] sensation of the group
Today in Invention History: Frederic Ives patents the process for half-tone printing in 1893
Stumbling along
Chef Robuchon will be in Las Vegas April 10th-17th.
I'd prefer free but premium is fine too. Am looking for something with a similar aesthetic to seven five but more functional
Thank you for the RT & support :)
see you all soon!
thanks babes :) I <3 yours too!
true but sometimes it need's to be fucked back lol...
If the ribs are too much to handle we have some lighter specials tonight: Mediterranean Grilled Chicken Salad or Tortilla Crusted Tilapia
thats what i said.
no, but I'm very interested in the results of your research.
Happy Mothers Day <3 love you momma.
and if we go to a mexican wedding there is probably a good chance Maria and Juan are getting married
Just added to my time line. I used to love that guy. It'll be interesting to see if I still do!
Turbo weather baby !!!! I love hearing my turbo spool weeppppaaaaa
1 final today wish me luck :)
i am gonna kill you in your sleep.
putting lights up in my room. so pretty!
No offense to anyone else. Problems are only as big as they are if you make them that way.
Cinco de Mayo celebrates the Mexican victory over the French at the battle of Puebla...Today is not Mexican Independence day(Sep 16)!
yea yea yea. I'm good. I think it's cause I drink a lot of coke like around 1am. That's whh
Surplus stopped by, more stuff for the University to sell.
#DonnaSummer You will always be THE Queen of Disco and your songs continue to #inspire us to #dance. May you rest in peace.
don't forget to follow homie...
“ “ If money grew on trees then i'd go rake leaves <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0081>””
Drink and be thankful to the host! What seems insignificant when you have it, is important when you need it.Happy New Year
Groupon moments away from being traded as public stock. KOIN Local 6 News
"I'm gonna give you a fuel line that'll hold an extra gallon of gas." Well then, I say We drop the hammer. Let's Ride.
I like hot sexy women
You're stronger than me! LOL I couldn't resist. I purchased one of each. Maybe I'll include them in a giveaway pack!
The Night School band blog has been updated with info about a special performance. Go to www.nightschooled.blogspot.com to check it out.
I wish life was a dream..I could have anything I want:)
this always works
Thanks for including the Sky magazine article on Austin in your daily!
I was born to diiiiiieeeeee, i was born to diiiiieeeee, i was born to diiiiieeeeee
RT ! RT : Im gonna have my kids listening to Tupac, prolly the only artist i will give them from my lifetime lol
Love is an action word!
pretty great weekend
Alright, alright! I'm tapping. I'll submit to TWO fricken alarm clocks, but I won't like it!
I promise i'll tweet more!
now wanna?
:'( omg..here comes the tears...
a top #EasterBrunch choice... Thx! RT If you're dining out for Easter brunch, Molly Durham has your needs covered.
u should make an attempt to follow the ones that follow u. Before the request to follow others
RT : Chinese person says actfu may help win some victories but they mainly do it in an effort to pacify workers
When you're irritated for no reason
ahahahahahaha I will slap you silly hoe <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3>
Have a great Day Yall, knowledge learned today forgives yesterdays ignorance
Check our feed at 6 & 8 p.m. this week: we're celebrating our stellar students and announcing the colleges they were accepted to for fall.
So tell me why Downton Abbey is not on EVER NIGHT? #please?
Herring with Immigrant song teases during Henry Parsons
lol man how did i know?! only the jocks like that man. i just deal with it. only a few days left with em anyway.
Had a great evening service, now on a date with my bride.
12 shots and no goals!! Go USA!!! #uswnt #world cup
You keep my name in your mouth but it keep your bitch on my dick
8 pages so far means I can sleep now and have time to write a few more bright and early tomorrow.
yeah man! I just learned Marce will be going too. We're getting a sitter for the kids. It's family friendly though.
Going back home to CLT. Had a whole bunch of feminist philosophers doing some serious dancing last night.
Okay just because you use instagram, doesnt mean you're a pro photographer!
Never underestimate the power of a Burrito...
Healing in a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity
Thanks for sharing!
im going to make a tinychat join me
Of course I will (:
Beach here in Virginia .
Good fight
Looking for #Wine Sponsors for ... email for more information!
Great morning Killa how are u
How to Get Paid THOUSANDS of Times Per Day
Enjoyed delivering a speech tonite at TPC SUGARLOAF. Great hosts & great executives!
On another note the planet of the apes was a solid movie with a few loopholes.
hahahaha its awesome :P
Hopefully I pass this test on MONDAY though....I can't afford to fail it AT ALL..!
Daaamnnn Kenzie, You get some every day , don't it
when I have a six pack and I'm beautiful like the rest of you guys. So. Prob never
So many shootings in #Louisville the past few days... No bueno
Unfortunately, Dead Island is whatever.
Read to a Dog from 3:30 to 4:30! This will be the last RtoD before Cutter and Bella go on their summer vacation, so be sure to stop by!
can't wait to hear! Chocolate makes pretty much everything better.
I miss summer, I hate gettin my feet dirty in the rain, I hate doing math h.w, I hate writing papers, I hate reading, I hate I'm not in fl!
Finally Got my new phone
Homeward bound after a successful week, lucky to work with so many awesome people - I'm looking at you!
Wow... Way to kick off the Q&A session
KAPPAS KILLED IT!!!
I just saw a guy starting & cleaning snow off wife's car, on the back of his jacket was taped a sign that said "Remote Car Starter"
RT Be the Coach, Guru, and Expert, of Your Own Life. Stop Looking to Others for Your Magic Answer. You are It! ~ Lori Moreno
sounds like a good plan. Good luck. Let me know if you need any UK help!
hey thanks for the add! Please please check us on facebook, and tell us what u think!
thamx for the follow
me, too.
thanks I'll be calling you from my cell 4437590940. John
So sweet to know that someone cares(:
Incase you didn't know, we just released a brand new song on our Facebook!
Tanks man!
Tweet me :)
Today @ Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park: It's A Best Of. Let's take a train ride. Today at Noon on KSLX
Hispanics are gonna go crazy when don francisco dies
Bellflower Court this morning for a Fix It Ticket a Sarcastic Cop gave me because they was MAD I was shooting a Music Video in Lakewood -_-
Do I work at the library? Yes, but not if you catch me doing something bad.
nope did Eric ?
my husband is such an butt
The notion of naming ones genitalia has always seemed childish until I thought to do it after MST3K: Cambot! Gypsy! Tom Servo! CROW!
man i want some oreos!
What's the rest of the world think of my WVU Mountaineers?
The most Smokin' updates on the HOTTEST spot to ROCK the #Vegas strip! Follow opening at the
just confirmed our first film of Winter term: 'Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf' is our Valentine's weekend pick!
I respect Santorum more than I do Romney.
heard last night was a huge success. congrats!
cool good luck with that
“: I wish the weekend would hurry up and get here #Fawwwk”
God, yes. That's why I want to know if race is going to be an issue. Some white girls only want white guys. Etc.
can paula dean just shut the fuck up? she sounds like a retarded hilljack.
that's ok! We will miss you too but glorify the Lord through schoolwork!
Great! Guadalupe will be signing that Sunday morning if you'll still be there, but otherwise we can still save you an ARC!
Thanks for the follow - look forward to seeing your tweets!
So, it still hasn't landed?
even though you have to leave your betfriends, im so proud of you. you've come so far. never give up <3
so nasty dude.
He may complain when he finds out that there are no Diamond Club seats for tomorrow available. I did buy tickets however
“: Someone will always be prettier. Someone will always be smarter. Someone will always be younger. But they will never be you.”
LSU is gonna bring the rollin to the tide
Have you ever seen such a thing?
Lmao! man I miss you!!!
Difficulties increase the nearer we approach the goal.
omg Rahim u kno da brat i luv u even more yall should do a song together!
We like shout outs! Del Rey in Belltown ;) All night happy hour tonight, 1/2 off tequila makes the rain go away?
you must have played the whites.
When she says the sweetest things <3
I have Facebook,tumblr,ooVoo and twitter retweet if u wanna noe them
Really, interesting. I've heard you can get it at Walmart.
take me with you!?
Words hurt and can make bruises that never go away. & a person's actions can affect many.. stay strong everyone <3 Everyday, choose LOVE
omg i have 51 notifications on Facebook...
Maui Health Explosion on Sat, July 9, from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. We'll have lots of entertainment, and a variety of health organizations
RT : "Social networks have increased trust among people, making it easier for collaborative consumption"
Up thinking about the new arrangement.... its times like these when I wish music would quit bothering me. Just let me sleep!
My contact feels like its trying to escape my left eye. Wonder if it's in inside out.
Iloveyou is better than i love you bcuz there are no spaces for lies .
If you were going to be stuck on a deserted island which 5 books movies people and foods would you take along?
sounds like a pain lol
Meet representatives from 85 of the hottest startups at the "Startup DC Student Career Expo" Monday from 1-4pm at GWU's Marvin Center
We might have the most awesome college president of all time. He brought a gun to chapel.
I see you
I can't stand all this talk about the Giants. Just ready for Sunday so we can shut them up!
I say negative things about poverty. Poverty is colorblind. It drives all races to crime.
leopard flats or tan wedges tonight... going for comfy and cute.
Nina was feisty! Thought it was great though, we're def all for getting equal opps for docs.. wanna see the 1st callers' too!
trying so hard not to fall asleep right now
I'm neither of those things, trying not to throw up is what I'm doing...hence why I was looking for delivery..
No your not. You don't even like me doing music.
yay i have people following me... :)
aww sad :/ they'll come back. They're missing an awesome player.. can't blame em lol
thanks for the shoutout
As a leader, is not just being an ethical person, but your ethical leadership: role modeling, rewards and communication about ethics
Show tonight at 7:30 ish! this is my last performance at the grill until October!!!! i will be on tour for Aug and Sept.
Sony Ericsson Phone New | Sony and Toshiba Products
Who knows what modern franchise-management might yield? Probably a new computer-graphics 3D version of the game, RPGs, comics, etc.
And... I know... 'this is crazy. this is crazy. this is crazy.'... but... Vacation was GREAT Chase movie as well!
Thank you!
Live in Santa Fe, work at Los Alamos :) from New Zealand originally
": I want in on the next skype date." Hecks. Yes. I'm free Sunday-Saturday for you. Just tell me when (:
Hahaha! You two are too funny. This party better have dinosaur costumes.
dudes, you guys are trouble together. That's okay I will just teach him speak to correct it lol
Our site has been down as we've been changing things around. Get ready for a whole new Celebotastic look!
Who should our next feature be Fireflight or Sent by Ravens??
Saying "no" before someone finishes their sentence.
We are a ShowRite Feeds dealer in KY! Contact me for your #livestock show animal nutrition.
RT : Even if there is nothing to laugh about, laugh on credit.
Um pertaining to last tweet who put Rick on my fb
I fax everyday. This is great information and a great website. Thanks
It's awarding to help a child find a job. We're looking for OKC companies to contract with to place our teen students. Pay job or intern.
My new productivity strategy centers around only checking email twice a day. First day. Already failed. Ok, three times a day.
are you in Orlando today?
AH, BITCH!!!!! Rawr!! meanie,i cant lie t you even once D:
The fact that I'm going to see Ed Sheeran tomorrow....I can't even explain. So much talent rolled all into a 5'7" ginger. He's amazing.
Happy Halloween!!
OMG, the torture continues.
great win!
Feel like it's gonna be a good night for #p2 voters. RT : Greetings #lastword!
Love it!
More pumped for Kyrie, because I understand basketball now. I was 11 after LeBron's rookie year haha
finally back. 31 hours.
if you make friends with yourself you will never be alone
gotta get it
Thanks MM!
Everything happens for a reason...
Thank you #bisg, speakers and sponsors for a really great #mip12 program! Loved it!
So much for the Yates tourny. Looking forward 2 the Vype tourny @ Legends next week. We finished 2nd last year. Time 2 try & finish the job.
is getting burned out on Words with Friends.
lower tax bracket?
More like turkaboo right?
he's not getting one. He is on the clock waiting in line for his boss flaunting his nexus one that already has multi-tasking.
So delish always! Fresh seafood as much as possible this summer!!
Yea..... Mystic Soul deh pon patrol
have a great time.
Thanks to everyone who bought our album this past month! Bc of your generosity, we donated $278 to Save the Children's efforts in Haiti.
congrats! Redzone channel on rocks!
Explosives duct taped to my spine, nothings gonna change my mind. "These are lyrics, no I am not blowing up anything".
Breakfast was bomb>
iv followed u you since I was 10 now im 26 can u follw me this time ...lol whats good
lol i dont know about the thug part....
gWEN PLEASE REBLOG THAT RHCP GIVEAWAY POST LIKE ONCE A DAY FOR ME PLEASE I'D EAT MY OWN LIVER FOR A CALIFORNICATION VINYL FNKDSJ
hahaahahahahah u right!
DS: thats true.. i just want him to suffer ASAP!
. Glad for that, my friend. I thought an IED had gone off when my cell blew up.
Time to catch up on the new #TBBT episodes.
#TGIF Have a good weekend and get excited for more prizes. The hunt continues on Tuesday.
Nomad live tonight at Kinky Star, Ghent. 9 pm. Fun!
Cole Camplese presenting on Community Enagagement: How Disruptive Tech Enabled New Social Learning. Starting now!
DUDE. FOLLOW BACK!
heyy how r u would u follow me please
JLo Made Us Dance Again :)
so if you trying to date me , you gotta leave yo city .. and enjoy life !
Going to a Super Bowl party?? Need to bring a side dish?? Check us out @ www.execcatering.com for our variety of “Take & Bake Meals”
RT please"! Follow me! I inspire, I'm kind, I,m genuine, I follow back,
"Freeriding ... enables a positive way of life and a healthy community. I am hoping that this is conveyed in the piece..."
I guess you can say the #49ers are playing lights out against the
Took kids to Florida State Fair (for the kids) Never seen so many obese people in my life. Walking heart attacks. So thankful 4
I'll report back with empirical findings. (i.e. is it or is it not amazing and delicious?) ;-)
'You'll never find...blum blum blum blum...a hairline like mine!"
you guys ok in the storms this week?
When you hear twin fiddles and a steel guitar... is watching #PureCountry again. :)
Good morning #Albuquerque! We're knocking out a ton of production before our Taco Potluck. ;) (Don't worry, we don't eat around your gear!)
just showed that to al nap. Hes loving it lol. He wants a cd.
why are the people at NA so........ weird ? u guys know what I'm talking about
The new and sadly quite boring website is now up! www.tenacitycircusarts.com
You gone learn today
S/O SHE DO COOL DESIGNS & S**T WHEN SHE S/O!!!
Seafood firm says it doesn't expect virus at Nova Scotia fish farm to spread - Winnipeg Free Press
Wear all BLACK 4.30.2012 to commemorate the Fall of Saigon
Thanks for the follow.
happy fr1Day everyone (:
« « I don't have time to hate people who hate me, cause I'm too busy loving people who love me.»»
Smith expressed great admiration for the Celtics team defense with Garnett as its leader, pronouncing, "He's got a lot left in the tank."
G.B. Trudeau had a Samoan football player character in Doonesbury. His position: front four.
it did thanks! Is that your sorority?
ehhh not too practical either
good luck with the whole jail thing. you know how it starts one criminal complaint. Why enlist when you can make it yourself
Funny. They are almost ALL in NY and CA. Some CLE spots deserve a mention once in awhile.
Everyone needs to go watch the #Intervention episode with marcel and sebastian
thanks, see you there!
This moment in time I'll find the words to say, before you leave me todaay. . .
Time to study for my geometry test....I can't fail this Mrs.G will go of..She scares me sometimes(;
“Have patience with all things, but chiefly have patience with yourself. Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections
I luv ur crayon art! I think I'll try today cuz it's guna rain...
One day until the #flyingpig marathon! sub 3:17, you're mine.
subscriber rates for ESPN have to go up after this round of overpaying conferences, they should throw in LHN for free
Yeah, that last game shaved a few years off my life. I'll watch tonight for sure...after I tan.
Stanton Moore comming on in an hour. Hell yea!!!
Just Trying to Get El Pinche De Nicholicious To Follow Me Haha
NUGGETS NEED A RUN ... NOW
I would like to try sub-editing fiction with experienced editor who'd get me started.
IT ARRIVED!!!!!!!!!!! DYING! It is just incredible! Loved reliving it!
thnks man-u pretty fantastic 2. Missi Pyle from my 'Cinderella Story' is 1 of the leads of 'the Artist' really happy 4 her.
Hi dud
Last day of class :) #sosohappy! A step closer to SBU<U+2764>
that's wassup man, congrats - def stay safe though. This country is crazy....
Happy Hump day ! Have a great day everyone!
“: oh, are you in school?
I really do, though.
Sorry Ted Turner, it's #COYOTE TIME
will be tonight for another fun filled Friday night. Welcome to
yeah buddy
I can't even sleep.
please help stop kony spread the word watch the video kony 2012 on youtube
Kids listen to "'Twas the night before Thanksgiving" and make turkey-shaped cookies today, 11am & 2pm, $3 with admission!
Thanks you too. It's raining in DC. I'm relaxing. Have a blessed week.
Hey!! Working on it as we speak! Actually put some acoustic versions of new songs on iTunes a while back...have a great day!
It's 1/2 hr limit in the Children's Room - not 1/2 hr, wander around 5 minutes and then another 1/2 hr. WHEN can I start culling?
that is so stunning it takes your breath away! If only I could jump into the image and be there ; )
Good for you! That's legit. It's tough but after the first 3 days you've eliminated 85% of the challenge
We could use a boost today
Whats gonna happen too your p.o. box when you move too Miami !? :O
#CELTICS on #Fire! #NBAPLAYOFFS are making fans emotional
Thank you !
Yeah #NASCAR!!
Was at city walk so sad cuz came at 8when I left at 7:30 wish he cud stay and do another 1 on June 5...wen I'm going bac ther
Topaz Horizon: Happy 6th birthday, Topaz Horizon!
And that's why I didn't know the microbrewery had actually opened! Is the beer any good?
And that was my 15 mins of depression on to something else
Is that something you track using a particular tool, or <shudder> manually?
Owners of family-owned companies should consider succession a dynamic, continual process instead of an event that happens once a generation.
I can't believe it's already been two years since my brother was born.
do u have a facebook
Sorry but my Cats are going to slaughter KU...too big, athletic, and surprisingly mature
Ima try to sleep
Is there a point in time where utube will stop changing??? Doubt it.
Are hair gels damaging to natural hair, even if it has mostly natural ingredients?
happy last day of being 20 !!!!
thanks for the follow :)
OMG Can yall turn down the gospel music. This AINT the Celebration of Gospel You Knoww
always good to see players who want to be at our program! Can't wait to see how he will change the scopes of the depth!
Yeah seriously... Who cares?
Started my book today. My blog too. For me, writing is exhilarating!!
I'm bored wit fb
What I meant was this guy is fantastic, not some Humber shit.
The awkward moment when you realize when you're the only friend/invite who actually went to the church part of the sweet 16
Done. RT : No! Game tracker is better quality. No lie. RT: “: should I not spend $5.99?”
Yes! Those are the conversations I love.
I'll take 'pinched nerve' for 500, please, Alex.
Not everyone is who they say they are.
If I walked into my bf cheating on me I'd step out calmly and look for my gun.
I hate to say this but Randle is another good pick fuckng Giants and Marc Ross
Gettin stoked for ALOFT Thursdays!!! The launch party is this Thursday!!
OK Good I trust everything works out. If it does spread the work about our
Look! It's a bird, a bee, a butterfly! Learn from a garden coach how to build a garden to attract these creatures. Sat 4/14 1-3:00 @ Nanini.
Your catalog! (Late reply to earlier tweet.)
text me?
Don't you just love having to walk home in the snow and almost falling like 20 billion times? I know I DONT! haha But it was pretty funny
A sharp vision, backed by concrete plans, offers you an exceptional feeling of confidence and personal power.
Miracle pull
me too:( warped?
thanks for the follow! :-)
Want to easily tell your fans where youre cooking? Fill em in on Antengo a free app with real-time, location-based classifieds
In honor of July 4th: Quote from Ben Franklin "Reading makes a full man, meditation a profound man, discourse a clear man."
Shoot :/ just messed that one up
Do it!
Trippin over you like a crack on the floor
I love weed
That was a bold face lie ! RT Beyonce is the most gorgeous woman in the world
ALL: now that i have an iphone, what apps do i need to download.
True. I'm a fan.
Due to a Private Event the Cowboy Lounge will not be be open until 11pm tonight. We hope to see you then!
Walked the beach for a little, the sun started to come out too so that was good at least
Check out all our new adademic publications at www.enrichprofessional.com. This month: The Green Economy & its Implementation in China
Ah, yes, must return to see how things have changed since socialism...any marketing director's positions open? LOL
Check out Portland Open Studios today and tomorrow. I'm at Shyama's studio at 6413 N Boston.
Im still in shock..
Guess it's time for me to take the sticker off the car.
Have a Blessed Day!
I was sad to learn today that WDWG has been sold and changing format. It was a sweet indie country station.
I'm not against lip-syncing. I'm against Nicki Minaj lip-syncing. And I'm against MIA, period.
Shock, surprise, terror, and forlornness
Happy Mothers Day !
where are you? Lol
Caps playoff game 3, Strasburg aka Heavenly Hurler on the hill..who says DC sports scene is dead..this is good stuff!!
We party more, we talk funny, everything is better with music & friends, we eat a lot, and we love life quite a bit... HBD Louisiana!
Appreciate ur passion on the matter. Would love 2 sit down w/ u sometime 2 chat abt diff approaches to SM & abt our strategies.
Kaibigan hosting it's annual Pilipino Culture Night this Saturday at 5PM starting at $10. Price increase at the door so get yours today!
What songs do you want to hear next Thursday for our Dredg//Case In Theory show?
Wow fb now suggests pokes?! Thats crazy!!! I want to publicly suggest you not poke me! So silly! Why?!!! Ugh!
Wolf Eye Designs will be upgrading stay tuned for more details. Looking forward to the new look.
you mean maximum? if so, yes, slow down, the night is still young. If you meant minimum, see my last tweet.
This is very wrong sir - you are ahead of me. However as long as you stay ahead of , I shall forgive you.
Debating if I should go to class late and get breakfast, or attempt to be on time everyday for the last week.
Great meeting you. Thanks for the awesome feedback about Look forward to lunch sometime!
Today special Sweetpotato cheesecake ! WOW !!!
we used to be so close an now at the most your a ghost of what used to be.
Guess who's finally back in the studio? Technical issues or not, the internet can't keep us from putting out content!
lmaoooo ahaha my fault she was looking too though
Who would you rather work for? The GSA for the perks or the Secret Service for the prostitutes? Be honest?
Austin is a binging whore town. Might be THE binginest whore city ever!
#middleschoolmemories Dodgeball and not being a member of student council.
We are glad to hear that Michael! What brings you to San Francisco?
Mike helps Colt to his feet after the match. Mike and Colt shake hands and then hug as the show fades to black.
likewise Marnie - may your palate always be drenched with great wine (whenever you care to drink wine of course)!
love your avi
lmfao sweetie you favorited mine too.
and... I hadn't considered philosophical implications until i caught your tweet.
u r a really great girl u r one of a kind =) i luv ya
#CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys! Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th & Im in the 11th grade. R there any M&GS for the Milwaukee show? 12
as long as the chocolate fountain is working!! Haha!!
Product B from Isagenix is on the market! Aid your body against aging, learn more at www.seanspencer.isagenix.com
I know! She's so funny!! I don't know what was better, her use of props or her changing the words?
#1001CubanWaysToDie bringing a black boyfriend home..
Thanks for the follow Looking forward to the conference!
not as lucky as I would've liked too...but there is always today ;-)
doing some test syncing of tweets from Twitter to the course website....
Wang Chung time
Agreed, but it's so decentralized that it's difficult for us to pull all of that info together. Best to contact div directly.
July 22 was huge day in history of Mid South (not Reed-Mantell) Event that changed MSW took place but NOT in MSW
HI EVERYONE HAVE A GREAT EVENING ALL THE BEST HUGS TO U
The office got weird
Five ways to stop holiday lighting from burning your wallet - Sun-Sentinel (blog) Five ways to stop holiday lighting from burning your wa
Taking the kiddos to my parents today to drop them off for the week of spring break.
wow, the animated .gif in glorious form. also, profound: "it's not lost ~ it's just wet"
That awkward moment when you go shoe shopping and almost forget to take off the shoes you were trying on... (: haha
please follow me Austin. #mahomieforlife :)
Loving wearing RED just like us at #wssmiami !
Such a good episode of Mad Men, can't wait for next week's already! This preview for The Pitch too?!? AMC may be my new favorite network!
what's wrong with your legs?
Sick, but feeling very loved on my 25th birthday!!!
Critical Thinks skills in IOWA, Not.
#thanks for an offer to help this week! Mine is basic: get back to conversation. How can you help? quick chats through the week :)
On the bright side, October is suddenly wide open for me.
last day of school(:
MINDS: Forcing something to be an event or big deal can really excite students and get them to be creative
were still playing with prison, we used for the iowa tournament
oh i never thought i'd see the day when someone was thankful for CisionPoint - yikes!
#HighBloodPressure Gene Mutation May Be Linked to Male Infertility Gene Mutation May Be Linked to Male Infertility
“: oh fucking skittles” be careful out there with those
Conducting a little unscientific survey: Have you visited us yet? If so, did you stay a night or were you here for dinner/drinks or event?
Fights at the T station ok!!!
So the autograph session was a success after seeing him interact with #BBN after the session I can honestly say he is a
New CD called "Can You Dig It?" finished and off to the presses! Projected release date is Oct 15th! Just in time for Halloween !
I'm sorry.
When sick, it's seeing evil get its ass kicked, because anything else is too complicated while on antihistamines.
Well, how do you know we're not drunk on Guinness over here in America? Oh wait, I'm in a meeting.
oh yes I know what you're thinking! Brava... you're full of #torque natch... new pledge: Use #torque 1X/day
We have many great products in our store that are hand made by great artists!
Raiders, move back to LA so we could at least see them on TV in Oakland! Al Davis = wicked witch of the west! Ding dong already!
Listening to and there music is amazing defiantly addicted!!!!!!
Hey are you working on a screenplay or a film... I'm working on a feature screenplay to hoopefully film this year.
babe you will be my hubby when i turn 21
ADD kicking in right...about...now.
clean underwear is a good place to start,) tear it up tomorrow T Rob,) Jonni Armani
And there was ANOTHER one today u__u
OH:" I got into a bar fight at Kellys Irish Times, I won't start one, but I won't back down if someone else does... OK, I instigated it."
my dog just ate my favorite pair of sandals! Wtf?!
The biggest accomplishments in life are the simplest ones.
"History rhymes" or something like that. What parallels are you seeing?
Sometimes you have to make the first move
not sure what happened, trying to find out for you.
Everyone on stage!
Well with all my college/scholarship stuff done.. nothing left to do but wait. It's making me anxious to go!!
New Background <3
No appointments available for today & Thursday. Any openings due to cancellations will be posted here.
Looking for someone who does music videos! Please let us know if you are that person, or know someone who can make it happen.
#FF I love recognizing my Twitter Family!
Well come here and let me use you then!! lol
Have some SUPER exciting things coming up next week! Can't wait to share them with you!! :)
Philly Sports: Pittsburgh International Children’s Festival to offer tentfuls of fun – Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
Hearth day, take care :-)
when a random number keeps prank calling you like get a life . -.-
#Newt "Lets give the education responsibility to our parents" - yes lets. My parents know so much about fractions.
With the violence story local media had the well founded excuse of fear but now?
Lmao. What you trying to say
": As of February 2011, there are 6 people in the U.S with the name "Derp."" Derps of the US, I salute you.
Good morning Alex, have a nice day :}.
congrats! i'll be interested to hear what you're learning throughout the semester
i fail at life. :c
It's Thursday so of course that means is going to overtime again! Devils-Philly tied 3-3.
bout 2 go workout b4 i meet my buddy dave
Dear people on NFL Network... I have a secret for you... it's Matt Ryan who missed the list
thanks we appreciate that!
3 great names for future ASU Coach: Kevin Sumlin Houston Art Briles Baylor and even Mike Leach. Would make asu exciting again.
I want somebody to kik me :/
New Jersey-bound for some much needed family time! Happy Spring Holidays, y'all!
no don't do it lol
So looks like my ipod is dead. :/ No covers anytime soon Dx
L.A. Zoo director: “If you talk to people mostly on the Westside of Los Angeles…if you ask them ‘Where’s the zoo?’ they say, ‘San Diego."
I am home, exhausted, but really, really inspired by an amazing team and amazing fans, thanks!
You would think. It's just freaking pathetic the only Panthers news we get right now is who is signing autographs.
Literally driving home right now to find a phone charger and keep #twitterbinge alive. #killmenow 19/24
someone made you a fuckyeahcheyennekimball.tumblr.com (everyones biggest fans make it, feel honored! ) xx
Why is this prosecutor acting like this is her Oscar acceptance speech? Disgusting
loving this weather
if u are in twitter now call me mena going to pick up ask him were he is let me know
See you tonight at the Squealing Pig for LISSA/ALASC Fall Semester Kick-Off!
I LOVE #Glee! Excellent job on the Whitney Houston song "I Will Always Love You." Last minute addition or part of original script?
Help me win an ipad! Write on my wall at www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
2 new songs ready for tonight. Maybe 3. Buck's Tavern 9pm
I'm bout to take a pic with Freddy lol.
#Cosign RT : If Pooch Hall is fired from "The Game" trust me the ratings are going way down
Thx man, cool name LoL. Very thought provoking LOL
fun fact! Giraffes are the tallest animal in the world.Males stand 16-18 feet; Females 14-16 feet. Graceful, limber, beautiful
Hey Twitter People - we are starting a KC Film People list for all to follow - if you want on that list - DM us and we'll make it so.
Jason Latham's studio, producing (Mike Beach's) 6 song cd! I also have interview @ the Christian Women in Media Association 2nite! Gr8 day!
I guess Peyton Manning/Tom Brady money just isnt good enough for Drew Brees
fascinating women are sharing their table w/me. Janet & Sherry are fun and inciting (or maybe it is insightful) :)
Don’t fall mindlessly into complicated traps that are designed only to steal your joy.
Pacific Islanders Club hosts its 9th annual Lu'au on May 14th, 5PM at the Peter Stott Center. Tickets starting at $15.
;) yes indeed baby girl! Because i praise Him for everything!! RT : I will take you all there
Nice to see you! Que pasa?
RT Hey people that sit on planes not reading, listening to or watching anything: you look like serial killers.
for reals? “: Wow they charge a buck just go into the airport circle now.”
You'll find St. John's a great place to launch your future from. Congrats, Professor Charles Wankel
Good catch. I wonder why they chose that building? The First Wisconsin building would have been my choice to keep.
How in the mother fuck should we have known that bullshit, all good doe
Swan Dive was a GREAT crowd on Friday. So, we're back on Wednesday with Sara Overall. Show starts at 9pm. See you then.
hello, okay followed :)
Tomorrow doesn't look much better. I may have to make Tues a sick day!!
Ignorance truly is bliss.
do you have flashing lights on you at night???
shout out for hooking me up with the #Nike Revis Knows T Shirt
great meeting you today
No, it's because he ran one route in college. I like Hill as a pro.
That was a rare sighting, because we don't go to movies very often any more! Not much out there.
I made meatballs for the first time ever and they came out good!!
we're always open to hearing what you'd like to see…
One more day of filming to go!
valentines days is suppost to be happy but instead its the 200 day i havent seen my friend :/ </3
Like they say, u scratch my back & I'll scratch yours But when they give their campaign speeches u think they really care 4 ordinary people.
You know your iN a bad mood when neither #MartinaMcbride nor #BellandEdward can lift your spirits.
“: Farcate (noun) State of over eating”
Welcome to Seattle!!!
so they have no way of knowing whether it was due to men perceiving women as potential mates or not
All hype this season!
. busy tracking rain, storms; live w/ morning weather & live w/ Brookfield mosque meeting
We have them almost every week! Call us for details... 512.722.6351
must be crazy!
RETWEET IF YOU WANT 20 NEW FOLLOWERS!!! ----->
The other prob is we have 3 buildings so its to much $ to get annuals for each and if they did cut out a lib, mine is the small 1
": thought u live in sweden so sorry"what made u think that
We have to invest in the quality of life.
Follow for updates on specials, daily flavors for drinks and soups and fun facts and tips for sustainable living
did you get a 7th round answer? Wondering if it's tied to Nelson/Jones transaction?
I'm so jealous
he will he will. tryin to bring him to columbus, i'll tell you about it.
hadn't seen the PC version - nice. Have it for OSX but it doesn't ever connect.
Work harder #weedropweerock!!!
Pets should always smell clean & fresh. If they have doggy odor, it means they're not getting clean food. Help their coat & skin & add oils
If you like hilarious shirts buy this - Seriously... $30 to Spend on Novelty T-Shirts and Hoodies httpp://ow.ly/1M8xBw via
Leave it to me to break the garage door -_-
accepted my friend request (: I feel lived <3
Like I can't stay on one subject while Thnkn
son okay in Mexico in spite of flu and temblor. "things in hyper crisis mode here, everything shut down"
-- My locker is cleared out. No markers to steal from anymore. Haven't quit yet. Yet. Just the uniform company change.
:( Keep Trying! More chances all this week, starting tomorrow!
it sure was...isn't that great! and it's an affordable camera, too. #ohthepossiblities!
Odd future tonight.
The Night Is Still Young . (:
Never be someone's second choice when there's someone that always wants you to be their first.
We're open at 11am!
"Magnum ice cream. For pleasure seekers." Really?
GO FOLLOW !!! SHE'S BELIEBER AND HER TWEETS ARE AWESOME! :)
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
#thatdepressingmomentwhen goes on a RTing spree and you still go unnoticed -.- ahahah #oneday :D
Did we already lose all our guys? ESPN says so.....I never heard that and I write about UK.
can you please follow me aaron when you get this ok please i will be happy im a big fan of you just please om buddy see ya
The only class I had today was math and I got a 95 on my quiz <U+263A><U+263A>
I can't do anything correctly when I first wake up from a nap. Forgot to put my laundry in the dryer and drove the wrong way to Qdoba.
jam session soon - TfknC
making a double disc with this one and last years
Just sold $CEDC for a quick 5% profit.
Well duh, everyone knows that Brennan Neal.
Where and what was Jay #Cutler drinking in Chicago? www.USSportspages.com
A 3rd meal (snack or supper) & sports or movement should be part of a longer learning day.
My investigative story "Car Buyers Beware" with just got nominated for an #Emmy award!!
First ever show tommorow night. !
gotta hold back .
Morgan texted me (;
MotherFuck my opponent.
you always take naps
I am now, thanks aly! That means a lot :)
Thank you! I buy most of them from Katastrophic.
Best wishes to long time #Packers tackle Chad Clifton. Great lineman and very classy guy taking the high road after cheap shot
It's Mashup night in the office. Listening to "Roxanne Should Be Dancing" (The Police vs. The Bee Gees) with - F YEAH!
Thank you Pinterest, for allowing me to steal all your Valentine's Day ideas. Oh happy day lovers! xx
oh I like yo
thanks guys, will check it out :)
practice girl practice! We do love our Red Bull!
Very cool that the entire Cosby Show series can be streamed on Netflix.
I'm expecting it to retrace now before it continues it's upward march to about 1.3629
cant wait to see you there! Did you want a pre sale ticket? :D
I love the taste of your blood baby...<U+2665>
The people in your dreams are real faces of real people you have met during your life that you may not remember.
is one tough bitch! I love her! She's as real as it gets!
(2/2) Salmon and egg yolks are a great source. And probably won't be on your Thanksgiving dinner table, so eat em now!
Please clear up the MKG injury, Buzz Baker had everyone believing he had the squirts on the tv telecast.
Our readers would love to share your experience as you study at University of Phoenix. LMK if you want to share thoughts.
Why do I love Quaalude jokes so much?
Thanks for the RT and thanks for following!
is in south africa?
liberal friend: Stop calling yourself a Neoconservative. Me: Why? It fits best. Him: Because the guardian redefinition is Accepted. Me: So?
Not a fan of the Two Buck Chuck, sorry.
I really want beliebers and 1D's to get along. Justin and 1 Direction are awesome :) RT If you agree.
"Gene Simmons wanted to change the band's name to "Daddy Longlegs", but the band stuck with Van Halen."
de nada (your welcome) thanks x your poetry
hey lasso! thanks for the follow hope things are well in your corner! DM us to see what the latest is! -NHF
MathWorks Announces Simulink Code Generation Targets in New Freescale Motor Control Development Toolbox
#Nice. My block smells like vomit and tacos.
Game 2 in Miami #Heat vs
I officially can't read any more articles this month. Good thing I only have to make it two more days.
I get that age thingy all the time, by the way. It's more of no way you are not..let me see some id. lol
@ great minds think alike, oh yeah and us too.
Big product announcement this afternoon, can anyone guess what it is?
i cant believe i got sick. tf? i never get sick...i wanta go die
I have two different, unrelated ones that are looking powder-keggy, and I'm hoping people's keyboard batteries die or something.
You know you're a librarian when you dream about databases.
what are you doing right now? Let know and hashtag it #UWRightNow!
I will give a report soon!
Thanks for all the "Likes" everyone! More Deals Coming!
Most dance studios are enjoying a spring "break" this week. What are you doing for your business this week that tends to be forgotten...
ditto for me. Soon!
r u ok
RT : Loved Tree of Life. Difficult, beautiful, ambitious, brilliant. Liked Drive a lot. Thought Warrior underrated.
Happy birthday, ! Beliebers love you! Thanks for sticking by Justin. You are an amazing friend to him! <3 have a great day!
put on a great race and party tonight at Quarry Oaks. 35:44 time in the race.
#ERCOT loads are 50% higher this morning than the last few mornings at same time. Meanwhile, multiple gen plants have outages. Bad combo.
Should probably not be allowed to listen to Bartók when: A) I am this anxious, and B) I have this much caffeine in my system
I might have to start eating at Chipotle more after hearing that.
Great meeting you tonight!
well i did start last October lol
DC: Word on the street, domestic violence at the mayors home. Surprise, surprise! You ain't heard nothing yet. Wait until 9/15/2010..DDAY..
I know everything .
The good old days are happening right now.
Hey, parents in the Invisalign ads, how come you gave one of your kids braces and the other one Invisalign? Good job, Dr. Mengeles!
MT : The fact that a Black Pres says he's in favor of marriage equality probably caused 100 heart attacks by old white men today.
Steve from #SATC was on #LawAndOrderSVU tonight.
If you had the ability to pull any data about your patrons, what would you want to know about them?
i really need to start reading labels on cold medicines... shocked i made it to work today w/out passing out from the drowsiness...
Can you just fucking go somewhere
Rep. Giffords to attend husband's space shuttle launch in April
unless it favors your team right?!
i watched every episode of loiter squad on youtube before i fell asleep last night.
I'm kicking some doors down! Drive deserved an #OscarUpset in Sound Editing! The entire movie was led by the audio!
Back home and now waiting for the Grammys!!
Lots 'o treasure!!!
Boo, everyone fell asleep on me. :/
sharing #flipclass model w/ my dept on tues. can you share you favorite resources to add to my collection? should be inform. about flipping
yes it's off and on maybe getting worse . Any advice on what to do?
I woke up this morning feeling personally victimized by Regina George.
no! to me talking to other peoples bf's makes me feel like im stealing them or something. some people can be mean about it.
Perfect can't wait, glosses are almost sold out;)
delicious lunch today: pesto, goat cheese and roasted chicken on a baguette!
I don't know what to make of these #Mets, but man are they fun to watch.
I get bored..don't bore me..
tHEY SELL IN THE UK AT TK MAXX IN THE UK
o how was it?
You know a girl is serious when they say your name in a text.
congrats to superstar on his recent pilot booking! awesome news for an awesome dude!
RT I'm feeling like war tonight. Especially fiesty. Bring it.>>> I think Carolina BBQ is just "OK".
for real what did he say
oh shelbie (;; I will be Fangirling tomorrow at school. :-)
#NSMN panel: TV networks have no contingency plans for no #NFL games in the Fall?
is there a #pubmedia theme tonight? trying to decide if i should stick around
Welcome to Twitter!
Anyone know anything about home networking?
Wouldn't it be awesome if houses had power door locks like cars for when it's raining?
people still go to six flags ? Been there done that
UConn Sweet and Elite Great game, voice is gone
Very little is needed to have a happy life!
The term "best friend" actually means something to me. I don't like to throw it around and call everyone that, just doesn't seem right.
Yo what's up with the #blackjack tournament invites, y'all? I wanna spank some tourists!
speak softly and carry a big stick "theodore roosevelt"
go to thunder bay ontario where they have a 24hr booze taxi
This debate is so relaxed, it seems that the republicans have already won. The republicans have to build a team to win soon
Happy birthday!
There are plenty fish in the world please don't steal my fish
I have some amazing boys
Apparently someone won 2 journalism awards tonight for writing a story about my Jeopardy experience. I should get at least half a plaque!
As a Ravens fan I respectfully ask - what's your logic behind your predictions? You really think Harbs won't have his guys ready?
Thanks ! We at BAA are very excited too!
Lol I be k.o'n mad early that I wake up early af for no reason. Smh.
Good luck to the wrestling team tonight as they make statement vs a D1 program! #showemthelights!
yo i cant go my mom wont let me cause im suspended and not allowed on school grounds
birthday cake yummy(:
Order sent to Zoe in OH!
Exciting addition to the Nicole CHarles & Associates team going to be announced soon! Stay tuned....
Planning to make it. Thank you! RT : You're invited on the bandstand at Rockwood Music Hall Stage 2 at 10:30!
it's pretty nice to see them still winning games convincingly despite the injuries. DRose looks like he's back anyway.
Hermann's in AA. Rivera and Towles are at A.
you know that dude ryan jamies ex bf on 16 and pregant that boy is straight up UGLY! lol
yea I saw him . We got everything I just have to bring that paper back to the office . But am I doing your make up ?
Where u off 2?
Does anyone knw what good bands will be at warped this year so far i hear NFG & TBS
connect with me at .
why follow when u can lead wat my og told me...
Good news we are out of debt. Bad news I owe Boehner 4.5 trillion. How he gave that speech without crying I'll never know.
thanks yall really for following
When your mom says "look ma no hands " going over a ramp .
ONE DIRECTION
My prayers with out heroes and our victims. God Bless
Time to go and own this Legendary Performers!
#CodyFact Dolphins are Cody's Favorite animal, Not Turtles.
Oops. Forgot you were 20 now. Whatevs.
cool freaked me out
Colbert & Stewart rerun the show 3x the next day and is available online
BLINKY BLINK BLINK BLINK BLINK. Wait, were you talking, too, Herman Cain?
RT : Korver was wide open and you KNEW he was going to hit that. #CHIvsDET----->EXACTLY!
Looking forward to conversing with you in 2011! Can't dm until you follow back.
u go jarod get rid of that pussy!
How bout I call you? !*)
damn dood. damn. yo go to the ducks game tomorrow i'm rolling there too!
They judge you now, but they will need you someday. They ignore you now, but they will chase you someday. That's life.
pollard call me now!!
Does coffee count?
RT So that nap thing didn't work out. Attempt
Where there's a Le Barron, there's hope.
By far the greatest #MothersDay gift I can give my Jewish mom: the gift of knowing I've inherited her neuroses and uncanny ability 2 kvetch
Happy #Resurrection #Sunday! +++
i should probably clean my room, or do my homework, or go to the gym..but no. im on my laptop...
Do you have or know of any aqw flash tutorials? I find Dage's speed-draws very difficult to follow
": don't expect things to happen. it's better to feel surprised than feel disappointed." RT real Talk!!
This afternoon, my son, and I, are going on a tour of The Raleigh Film Studio in Pontiac, Michigan.
Stay tuned for information on the upcoming 2012 Spring lecture series in the February newsletter!
Burn. RT : I would DL Doodle Jump instead of streaming Kevin Durant's shot, too
it's on NBC sports
If you haven't requested Chuck Wicks on your local radio stations today, don't forget to do so!
Cannot sleep and have work at 8am... This is the worst.
Sex is the number 1 topic searched on the internet. No surprise there.
back atcha Toby-hope to see you in Naptown soon.
TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that features EYES.
did that just happen?...... oh my gosh.
The last thing your jobs proposals create is a "better environment" –
#askselena which song is your favourite?
Hey! Long time no see. How long have you been running a social media consulting biz???
's new album "Spine Hits" drops April 10th on End Records. Also on a huge tour which just kicked off in Nebraska.
My mom liked her birthday present!!! :D
So Reuben, you're saying a non-skilled person with a power tool is dangerous, yet you want to blame the power...
put my vote in for #phillychi officers - a great slate of candidates at all positions, and good to see back in the mix
Happy Holidays from the Indianapolis Symphonic Choir!
lol wait that is hilarious
After sending a risky text, one minute seems like an eternity.
Signs of the Apocalypse -- There's a serial Cat Killer loose in Brooklyn!
Oh my lord. I just realized Glee is on tonight. THINGS ARE ABOUT TO GO DOWN... I JUST KNOW IT.
Glad you received the magazine featuring Looking forward to getting your story in there, too.
STOP LYINNNNNNN KID
special treatment for.terror suspects? They ought to be in chains if they say anything they should get a rifle butt to the head
DC's Japanese Cherries were called "Oriental Flowering Cherries" during WWII.
imma drop this new track next weekend i guess
If tomatoes are a fruit wouldnt ketchup technically be a smoothie??#SmartAssQuestions”
#WeAreMarquette almost game time!
TJ weak ass need to leave me alone.
oh yeah!!!!!! I gatta pick up my mom right quick <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I think your mouth should be quiet cause it never tells the truth.
I'm so jealous right now ...
Heading back home after a long day in pueblo and Colorado springs. Home sweat home :)
who/ Wendy? good!
Morning!! -_- Don't forget to have something for breakfast!
Rain has stopped. Wind has died down. It's still cloudy.
ARG! Power supply died in my home server. Need to find someone offering LaaS (Lab as a Service)!
Meeting with mother of Alexis Patterson shortly. 7 year-old Alexis went missing 10 years ago tomorrow.
So sick. Is that yours!?
5th period is the best. Hands down.
Kentridge tight end springs into Oregon State football
I miss Ally and AJ..... Wah
Found my introduction song for my scene in less than 10 minutes.
The Spurs are without question the most under appreciated team in all of professional sports.
<U+2668>A little too much chocolate is just about right.
Snooooowww!!! #bass drink up
hey wroth! Long time no talk.
oh, so, my babe doesn't want to tweet me yes or no? that's cool.
#StupidStereotypes how bout all stereotypes are stupid!?!?!
Just cuz I'm closing down the computer for the holidays I want to wish you all a wonderful Holiday Season! Thanks for following me.
"Treat others how you want to be treated"
Post a like for you, THX for the mention as well. Nice site too.
Its really here!
My solution is to never put one up.
will you please fly out to me.
Building With
I'm afraid to click on the instagram.
Of course he does. RT Carlos Beltran hits 2 HR and drives in 6 runs for 2nd time in last 7 days.
fantastic! Have fun! :-)
Had 3 black girls threaten to beat up my coworker and I because of a store policy. Just another day at
Lmao.... I so need that thanks
Just met a client moving out to LA to live her dream per my counsel. Great to see people acting on what the chart wants to give them
Saint parties till 3 am! $1.25 wells and adults free before 11 two different rooms with two different vibes! What more can you ask for!
Did Gillette just blatantly steal Nike's around-the-world commercial idea?
Nite! It's been real.
Excited about moving back home as announces today the launch of its next site: Des Moines.
Wow ... Georgina Sparks is Gossip Girl! I stopped watching ages ago but excited to hear the news
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride. ~ American Proverb
installing Samsung's firmware update for my Galaxy Tab,now with Swype! The one thing keeping me from being productive on it. xing fingers..
Sitting at #SFO airport waiting to board my flight to Thailand.
work. sleep. REPEAT.
looking forward to her joining!
it honestly upsets me you fell behind on #Revenge. Pull.It.Together.Boyd.
really need someone ASAP with a strong MKT research background and tech writing and/or copywriting skills. email:
Trying to sleep face down while your dick is hard <<<<<<<<<<
Put stanford on tht list of colleges-.-
LOL kids say the darndest things!
Thanks! Isn't the party hat one of the coolest things you've ever seen? I need to find one to wear in real life.
Come check out Dante @ the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!!
Looking forward to our community meeting tonight with L&I, our 24th Police District reps & reps from Councilwoman
Excited for #dctweetup tonight!
I haven't, but I plan to. I can wait for it. Time travel is a sweet spot for me.
looks amazing, maybe something to try when I'm there in July...
I know you do child
g'morn Mr. Patterson
Great show tonight--felt like getting to see an MCA touring show in a tiny space.
Off to PHL for overnight flight to Berlin for TC46 meeting
:D RT The best part of waking up is not Folgers in your cup, but knowing that Chuck Norris didn't kill you in your sleep.
This morning we handed out 237 toiletry items to our #homeless community members!
ahahhaahahaahhaha did not want to know that! But seriously, i feel like imma throw up or something
... how much time commitment are we talking, really? I think that's my largest issue/concern.
Outside Chilln wit my nephew
Tonight ONLY Dancing with the Stars turn on the tube and check out my boyz live with TV debut
wow! congratulations!
1st sign of summer ending: last day at work for the education interns. Thanks for all your great work, Bri, Monica, Alex, Katy & Karl.
King's opposition 2 Vietnam cost him significant support among many black churches & union leaders. So let the youth spearhead!!
Awesome brother
Well, Jagr has scored big goals in Pittsburgh a few times before.
I'm sure it's killing Rich Waltz that he has to call this game down the middle and has to get excited for the Mets.
Just reached their 200th tweet! That's a whole lot of cuteness :)
If in the same breath you're telling those people not to even bother trying to go there.
Fed-up and disgusted, Penangites cannot wait to give Najib the big boot!
I like that one. RT If it doesn't spread, it's dead
I have my wedding all planned out, I just need a groom.
Okay, that is very cool!
thanks for providing a great mix for Valentine's dinner tonight in London! xo
so today is 5-11-12 BEST DAY OF MY BESTFRIENDS LIFE THANK YOU (:
Seriously. It's freakin' everywhere.
"Can I swear on this?" ..... his eyes looks so innocent :))
Cannot find any station following this. Where are you getting info?
yeah man!! It came out dope, good looks
it does
Hip Hop trap
That awkward moment when you yell "Hey slut!" and 15 girls turn around.
real housewives of new jersey : KILLIN IT.
You can hear all the Giants fans in SF - Cruz
Elephants only sleep for two hours each day.
Thanks! I try.
Houston American Energy Announces 1st Quarter 2012 Estimated Operating Results
Daisy Got The Same Birthday As My Daddy & Little Sister .
I used to eat a lot of natural foods until I learned that most people die of natural causes. ~ Anonymous
Finalizing revisions to a research paper manuscript. Do no disturb sign is on. Be back in a few hours.
Your making me hungry, Adam!
I'm sure they're just as confused as everyone else
TX! U 2! RT #FF Tech/Apps Started by Women
I'm not a mother, but from someone that has had many ankle injuries….NO! Not normal!!
I like the feeling of a little jalapeno pepper juice in my eye.
Marshall Goldsmith taking stage for 300 in audience at
has been freaking out all day over this KU UK matchup. If KU doesn't win he may drop dead
Am I the only one who didn't remember the time change?
The Cougs lose by 15 but were 36.5 point underdogs. They played pretty well, and showed some good things during the game.
Sweet looking kitchen! Is that coming-soon listing at Woodbury Heights? How many parking spots??
Me and shay gettin full of that weed
Nah you're crazy
they usually do for this game. I'm a UNC fan but I always assume Duke will win...
People probably don't name babies Norm anymore. That's a shame.
There will be a reception immediately following my recital - April 3rd, 2010 at the Roulette, NYC!!! Yey!
I can't think of that w/o the literal lyrics. Ma-giiiiiic FRAME!
Know that every ‘no’ is one step closer to a ‘YES’! Never give up! Unknown
Hey chick with the face full of war paint in the weight room looking like a lost puppy *waves* I SEE YOU BOO
A reminder about the flyer they sent you! RT : Boy, I wish my alma mater would email me begging for money some time.
Aha , my song !
Honored and humbled!
I grip it and I rip it.
He probably just was trying to get to the fire extinguisher to put out the heat. They were burning them
How far along is the construction? Might want to take a look next month when I'm (hopefully) down there.
Yay!! New Short, New Play, more auditions what a day!!!
Great hump-day, Welcome
Yes shower! Let it be your YOU time & take it all in :)
and you know this maaaannnnnnn!!!!
Did you make your twitter just for #YAPC?! Welcome. I'm excited.
just put some awesome videos up on Youtube from Tipitina's Sunday Music Workshop featuring some very special young guests!
Men really suck at noticing shit. Went from bright red hair to dark brown and my dad didn't notice at all lol.
Wow! He must have been eating his Wheaties. Kid couldn't get ball out of infield in Padres system
#man/womanoftheyearevent #Houston w/ yay, William! Proud of u!
Did you just take some love drugs or something?
Wanna encourage fans to tune into 95.5 The Game after today's match. Robbie Earle and former Timber Ross Smith will take your questions.
#musesocial Developing an online game for people who will never visit physical site: worth it?
ik whos gunna fail keyboarding!!! :D and its this girl right here ;D
#YallNeedToBreakUpIf yall only together for publicity.
Good morning tweets! Half day at school for me #happy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Brown penalty only the worst call I've ever seen... but I'll take the lead, Phoenix can beg for more gift calls
the afterparty is open to all! #timasummit #ISUM11 bring it
True...but why must it always be so hard to win. Don't get me wrong I will still have them winning it all in March!
A good marriage is one which allows for change and growth in the individuals and in the way they express their love.
to quote salt and peppa...push it. push it real good!
Don't let a bad day make you feel like you have a bad life.
sure am! glad we could toast your birthday.
We're finding the centre of gravity:L hahah
It was great! RT : Thank you , , , , for an amazing night!
I still love you BunB!!!
#OTGTIPS ITS A TIME TO PARTY, AND TIME TO LEARN, A TIME TO HUSTLE, AND A TIME TO CHILL
Wahoo!!! Congrats! RT I have an on campus interview with Ball State! Thanks for helping me edit my cover letter
Jesse checks of course!
home sweet chicago. hmm that just sounds a little strange.
hey everyone! SO to lol! everybody go follow her! everyone who follows her will get a follow and SO from me!!!!! :) thanks
follow me please...doin sum things...
Well, when you put it that way...
Oh lord AP, quit talking and show me some GLAMOUR!!!
And I know on Monday that things are just gonna go back to the way they were...
So loud :(
Holy balls Batman!!! 40+ gigs on Fiverr came in last night!!! Keep em coming guys! Daddy needs to keep buying diapers for the kiddo!!!
aww how cute!!:)
I need to find a good pub in Decatur for the World Cup. Maybe if I watch it more with fans, it will make more sense.
And every single sentiment applies to mainstream America. *AND* I didn't see a single other headline on any other topic about black America
My favorite quote from my trip to Lisbon, "Let's just fist pump till we die." -Ricky
Ladies I still have a couple of open spots today, call now to get your hair styled for the weekend (813) 910-2770
tweeted about the muffin man. Now...i can not get the muffin man song out of my head!
I hate cats, they're annoying as fuck
What ms. fletcher
it'd be cool if my parents had given me a different name
you must be feeling better!!! :-)
I had the opportunity to play Bandon Preserve recently. It's stunning. Pre-review coming soon...
Good luck Otto Porter and the Hoyas!!!!
ima call you Chris from Attila now x)
I received three dismissals of EEOC discrimination charges yesterday! For those not in HR, that just means I did my job real good!
i started in london,n stayed for 3 days bt my gf ended it,so i went o boston,walkd to richmond on wednesday got my gf bak then walked to NY.
thanks for the follow!
Happy birthday to my husband He's wonderful!
You go out in public and don't shower in 3 days,
South congress is overrun with hipsters. Beware.
TSA showed me a new feature for my year-old Reef sandles today... A hidden compartment. I had no idea, but sweet
Need a reroof. We do all types of roofs Plus we are General Contractors 305-232-3344
Tell matt we said hi. Wanted to be there tonight, fwiw.
The Diversity Platinum Pride Challenge. Does your company support the Gay Community? Go to www.diversityplatinum.com and add your business!
Mind-numbing. That is all.
I love warm tea <3
Just looked at a picture I took of my daughter today and it hit me she'll be a high schooler in 6 weeks. Is there some pollen in here?
Way to end on a high note!!
Good connecting with you man!
I need some new glasses
I know.
looks like an egg.
ER has been good. What a table match finish! LOL Congratulations ! Freakin' Epic!
Attik's first film festival closed out with some great submissions. Video posts coming soon
haha okay I will <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I'm not sure I'd it's Jeff trying too hard on the first track or Nels - but it is an interesting spin. Love it though. Cheers
want are you in rehearsal for? Email us at any info and press pics
Agreed : I think perhaps measuring "learning" (whatever that means) is too abstract
i smoke weed by myself anyway
Should Washington state privatize selling liquor? Another booze battle goes to the voters.. Whadaya think?
think more and more about the crazies who see the earth and world as we know it ending in one day. really?
see, we already on the right path..
all i want to do is be noticed by you!
you need to make one on that eyrda server
Fuck that !! So why didn't she talked to her calm and collective.. She came at her like it was.going down lol
Stop my Marvin Center lobby and Donate to the Whitman-Walker Clinic! We have cupcakes, brownies, condoms and info on HIV/AIDs!!
Ha, no worries. I saw you leave just had to give you some grief.
You don't need luck, you have to help you if you screw it up! RT : Wish me luck. Im about to upgrade to LION.
lmao my girl got me it for my bday! Ey boulevard this weekend tho ima get the whole crew up in there r u spinnin?
<<< Thanks for the
Will u unblock me?
I hate peeling brittle yet sticky rubber bands off records. Gah-ross.
Thanks! Will do! Follow Dive officially or www.facebook.com/diveband
What's up everybody?
Sb halloween was a success! Dont remember a lot but of what i heard i had a great timee.
I'm about to go to Wal-Mart with my grandpa! Haha! I love him! :]
Completely surprised my mother today with balloons, food, and love! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><U+270C>
okcupid is for serial murders! for the record i have good skin.....
"I don't need a bag" "do you need a box?"
I Love You Too Hootchie (;
So he drove out the man; and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden Cherubims,
winter solstice......GOOD moon! Change!!!!!! We ALL need it, pros or no. Skol ;)
is there ever a day that I don't have so much homework wahhh -_-
Thanks for your sweet mentions and RTs - Happy weekend!
is thinking about public service because the Florida legislative majority is not doing much to help education.
Law Office of Mercedes V. Castillo has joined twitter!
Don't You Want Me Baby? If you're in the market for PR Solutions....Elton's your answer.
Thank you for the RT - good times will be had! It being dark might help my golf game.
I Would Probably Bang On The Door until Keisha Comes Like "What U Want?" Thats when I jump in the bus & find Princeton room
When in doubt, pray. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Sitting in the IU Informatics lounge. Getting to reverse roles and be the dad of the prospective student.
Self-control is a better indicator of marital bliss than empathy+ more important for leadership than charisma
All reserved tables have been seated. We now have openings for brunch. Outside or in.
It annoys me that I have both AP and Foster (via trade after week 3) and am 1-3.....
Pain is something inside of you, trying to get your attention.
"LOVE makes FOOLS out of all of US..."
"Life is a sum of all our choices. Choose well!!!!
is killing it this morning.
Good morning! Another nice day today and almost the weekend.
Love games..I'm a pro in Yo game so u might don't wanna play it
He's too sick dude ha
not much better results however , body language not great in 2nd half
do you need stuff for info lit for culinary arts? Talk to me. I've taught a few for those types of classes.
Reverse psychology always work...
Sarah is right! You look gorgeous!
Just tested Roy Seaman Storm piccolos. They sound great! Everyone is awake now! Able to hit high C instantly on every picc!
Getting ready for birthday party bash for ... Will be a great time!!
Still working on #RealGangster.com and I wondering if anyone wants to appear on teh site as a feature article? Thanks in advance.
Wow. The deleted scenes from Dysfunctional Friends could've made the final cut. The film was typical.
I'd err on the side of "I'm sorry."
Drake and josh is like the best show on nick
Hilarious. Change-of-email auto-response on infinite regress with #MeetUp default reply-all gives me great amusement.
Pastor Joel and 1st Lady are truly the BEST!!!
Thank all y'all that came to last night show we killed it ......... Brohydemusic. 2012 Let's get Money!!!!
Excited to be the keynote at #asc12 this coming Tuesday! Looking forward to network w a new crowd!
If passion=impulse and there was no premeditation, then it makes sense. The risk of reoffending will likely be lower.
I like how live tweets the entire time we are at a VERY IMPORTANT meeting!! She plays while I have to work!
I wish this old man would stop flirting with the attendant so that I can get on my way
Oh "A Christmas Story." I love you so. Especially commercial free.
Someone please tell me to get off Etsy so that I can go back to working on my paper!
worst.joke.ever... And yet I still chuckled
lmao short ass ustream but i love them (:
cool been rehersing with band all day...
So important for #nonprofit leaders to think of not just today, but tomorrow, when it comes to their plans for their orgs.
only time i'll ever drink 40s is if im broke or i wanna play Edward Fortyhands
Not sure I am the best person to help you
u know it :D
"Knicks don't have the IQ of the Spurs" Love that
Ohio State Choke Job
Ugh I'm so tired about to head to work thank god I'm only there for 4 hours :)
Getting rid of unwanted cars in Atlanta, GA, be it running or not running, can frustrating, but it could be easy if you call the right...
Episode two is coming........SBN
:oziemoo15 been pretty good i guess....thanks
I wish i can show u how much i love you but my crayons box went missing :( lol
You aren't as transparent as you may think ;) but as long as you want me to make you believe otherwise I will
Sometimes I go back an look a things I have tweeted and want to unfollow myself.
You are one of our favorite artist... Continued success my brother... Orphanz™
Ali's with the girls (:
okay, im done. How do you block a number on a sprint phone.
Is in Ballroom C waiting for Natalie Merchant!
Are you a writer or a brand?
mother-in-law whom she had worked with, saying, “The name of the man with whom I worked today is Boaz.” 20Naomi said to her #Torah 49/9
Don't go breaking my pretty little heart <3 ....
What Pasco County city was home to Hollywood stars of the Silent Film industry in the 1920s?
Oo yard sales :)
. is giving lots of great tips for #genealogy societies from scanning to Dropbox
Fascinating! How much per ounce for that gold?
I wanna go to the Tulip Festival again this April outside #Seattle!
I love u jasmine follow me #1 jasminator..!:)
Starting as a frustrating day, I decided to smile at every one I see. Including myself. So far I have gotten a lot of smiles back. Nice day.
Lord you are still Worthy!!!
that was michael Lewis James
Thanks for the RT!!!
I've dropped my Blackberry so many times that it has the cellular version of post-concussion syndrome
My Mom liked your "The Martha's Vineyard of Oklahoma" bit ;-) I know, not very exciting, it's been a dull day :)
It looks like the Twins did not do so hot in their home opener.
I just waited on the man of my dreams. He's a videographer, funny, tall, handsome and married...DAMMIT.
With the right attitude, human beings can move mountains. W/ the wrong attitude, they can be crushed by the smallest grain of sand. ~J Rohn
I'm a Colts fan..pal ;)
Now my mom is straight bitching me out.
Has no contact email address on their website! How can I get a hold of them directly?
": Got tee times with my boys in the kings tourneys #swag"ya can't wait
please check the WP Austin meetup for a message from me
When Scarface shot Sosa's boy in the car, when they were supposed to blow up dudes car. LMAO....
Gonna go shopping on my day off <U+E00E>
Don't forget to shop at Tysons tonight to benefit McLean Project for the arts.
If you're going to do it right, you've got to log and transcribe your video. --Gayla Jamison
hurry up! We're waiting for you at
Great! I'll add you to the list to be considered for an upcoming issue. ^AW
#team my insecurities could eat me alive!
We are so cool!
Have a great day!!
lmfao thank baby geeezusss that I AM DONE !!!!!! :D miss you thoooo
ill post some pics later as long as the electricity holds out
Was today your bday?
In a writing frenzy today. And it feels damn good!
you're lucky today too... Starbucks Coffee?
I really like the use of the ticker to show the lyrics to My Old Kentucky Home.
Good luck to my babies and at cheer tryouts!! Make me proud! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I love you too..all of you!!
Perfect Sat! Listening to Frank, grilling and spending the night with the best people!
Mitt Romney began to disdain his front-runner status when he heard that Newt Gingrich got to lay-off so many people.
going with sonic boom nail polish... maybe it will help motivate me to get some homework done on a sunny spring day ;)
Great game #Badgers. Stuck with 'em all game and pulled ahead when it counted.
Thanks dog!
It's Election Day, DC! We need you to get out today to cast your ballot for Vince Gray for Mayor! For One City!
u got party??
The #psp12 needs to try a Pecha Kucha presentation--20 slides x 20 seconds each.
shane conlan from penn st
Last day to Vote! Please take 1 second to vote for our friends to help them make the top 10. Thanks so much!!
good morning have an awesome weekend :)
Just went through the packers remaining picks. They only gave up their 4th rnd pick. Still have two compensation 4th rdrs right behind that
why don't F&F look into who gets & who do not,, Get off the coutch &look it up, Mike
There a party of course ! NYC or long island @@@@@@@@@@
They did their part.
"Diligent hands will rule but laziness ends in slave labor"
You have the freedom to choose between a variety of graphic headers, of which you can choose at your discretion.
We love Smiley Miley! Still a smiler (':
I will! Do you have skype? She would love to say hi to you sometime if you are ever on.
nice new pic
are you done being mean?
love it! i'm going to start it in a few weeks when i have a little more down time. what's the outcome, are you feeling great?
Nice try kid.
#InMiddleSchool - "Hey BT, you going to the Sabres game?" "blah blah blah blah blah hahaha Sabres"
all good things come at good time
Thanks for the follow. I have been to your winery - a few years back - I had a great time. Cheers!
my Japanese boss offered me a position to run his new manga/anime gallery when it opens in Spring ;) I've been working on more art
So tiered
RT : making little fixes and adjustments to the site -- making life easier for our next batch of alpha testers Woot!
I do not care who the Florida lawyer is: as long as this PERVASIVE, INSTITUTIONALIZED Autism bullying & abuse continues, I wont participate.
Please note this weekend's Meet & Greet will be at the Domain from 10 - 12 Saturday. Come visit with our Wees! Over 20 dogs for adoption.
Waking up early to go to school is a waste.
So happy for ! One day will follow me too(:
And in that moment, the Nsync pandora channel made everything feel right.
At Pep Boys tryna get my car fixed, pray that it doesn't cost too much...
Hmm... And that's all I have to say..
MLS could help women's soccer with double headers or home games when the men's team is on the road, not to hard to figure out.
Quote: “I can think all I want, but it's not going to bake me a cake, or make me the universe. All I can do is get up and live.”
some things just never change..
Billy Bush--- stop talking forever.
It's a little crazy. I am so very proud of u by the way and miss u terribly. NYC soon? Film tour?? Say yes!
Does Alex have one? And ya'll can come over too to watch them.
You are always welcome :)
omg... I love that shirt!!!
. Ha! That's hysterical! But...wait, that's disgusting. Guess if someone would do that, they'd do it anonymously.
msg miami or tampa?
Please rain :)
Feels so good 2 b off
- so what's your mononymously name? Will? Willionaire?
Houston We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
I just googled HTML tables code and you can put a HTML widget anywhere on your site
yes you can!! Its easy!!!
I'm going to need more days than just Mondays and Thursdays to teach...
Why is it that art students have to spend the most money for their school supplies and yet they are also the most underfunded?
no really the pic is all blurry
have a great day bro and tell P Dave hi for me and please ask him to call me when he has time.
have you read E. Childers Riddle of the Sands? Good sea / spy adventure.
great! looking forward to it.
Finally in the theatre
U needa bring some of your friends down here lol
Bout to hit the hay
Well fuck you to then ya
Congrats to you as well. Much more information to come, including a formal announcement about 's Mindfire SABRE win.
Book is on the different medication and nutrition strategies for ADHD. Going into some of the genetics of the disorder as well
Theres no fucking way im going to school like this.
Thanks for the RT & ! You rock.
Thanks! I'm completely obsessed with Capoeira! So beautiful. I use to take it as an elective in middle school :)
thanks for the RT!
um no i didnt!! u have 2 be with someone 2 dump them!!
...saying that the Son of Man must be delivered into the hands of sinful men, and be crucified, and the third day rise again ~ Lk 24:7
Tavis and CW.*shaking head* Are we going to have to call the Drop Squad?:)
'Happy' pizza usually helps.
i'm a bit slow when replying emails... sorry
me to. Cant wait til you two bitches come home lol
South of France Inspired Quiche! Get New recipes every day! join the banwagon!
some people just have nothing to do. You good?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Went to PGE/PSU's electric avenue and came away thinking the volt seems more likeable than the Tesla. Perhaps J. Leno is right
shoutout to allie from Delaware :) please.
I've been pretty good, actually I take that back I am ready to go back to North Carolina. Lucky ass! I'll be there in 58 days!
Loved your Nightwoods review. "...low-level fever that runs alternately warm and chilling" captures it exactly.
Nights with <3
RT-gotta look stupid reflection/// maybe look yourself in the eye instead and ask yourself how you're going to change the world
"Friends dont let friends play Levels"
ya boiiii blast it out! follow follow
in my mind will become deffen to the whole world though the loud coming of autumn is already here. Though as I seat on my front porch you
Mr. Blow! none of us can shake this case...it cuts too deeply into an old wound: not a black or white but an AMERICAN wound !
I did follow her
I'm sending the new joint to you now, txt me real quick 270-577-9829
Should keep him, he's a #goodfit RT Patriots blog on : Spotlight on OL Dan Connolly as he nears free agency
Im just Jazzy. Take it or take a hike.
Will please stand up? I repeat, will please stand up
There's nothing wrong with Papyrus; it's beautiful, painstakingly made. The problem is people USING Papyrus, that EVERYONE uses Papyrus.
Ppl should call me jeezy or gotti cuz i speak the truth
Dear #SXSW ladies, please no tube skirts that barely cover your very desperate hooha. It's NOT attractive. I can't take any more.
holla at me if you have free time
I'm bout to get this friday cracking.!
THIS RT : Telling your friends where Lady Gaga is on her #BornThisWayBall even though they don't care...
Yo if u need some studio time hit us up for rates.!
heyy!! Take over my twitter lol I need some "tweets" I still can't get over ur 80K tweets!!!
hanging with my big little guy Logan at the movies..love the $3 cinema $7 for us 2 get in..$14 for a popcorn n a coke..theater rape
Currently or all-time? Currently, obviously first. All-time, somewhere in the 4-7 range.
Listening to my parents talk, reminds me of how I don't want my relationships to be.
At traffic lights & watched driver in car checking phone. Lights changed, 4 honks by others before she put head up! One car was ambulance
Armageddon is on FX rt now. I find it hilarious that everyone drinks from #NASA meatball mugs. Not sure I've seen one ever.
Only Person Dat Cn Hit Da Club N Gt Up Early
it would be nice to have some sound for the Twins game!
Suzy DeFrancis, head of #redcross PR tells me her defense in WaPo of methyl bromide use at Chevy Chase Club is unrelated to her day job.
freak u lucky i eating....POPS.O
Have trading cards 17,24,27, and 57 to swap for the many others I need. 27 is Ted Schellenberg, which should be worth, like, 3 cards.
<----SHE RIDE ___ SO GOOD:-) ...My followers filled in the blank with some interesting things lol
Thanks for NOT inviting me to my own birthday lunch
Are you acknowledging the sexual sovereignty of adults in addition to attacking trafficking? CONSENSUAL SEX WORKERS!!!
It's more like a "you don't need to be on this chain, but instead of just omitting you, we're giving you one more email"
Thank you! Glad to follow :)
Come's off pretty "Larry Craig" calling the POTUSA "gay."
Thanks Kate! I love your face! I hope to see you at the tweetup tonight, mayhaps?? ;)
HI, Bud. Follow more people and get your numbers up. Tweeting all day to the same 62 people won't help your cause enough.
Sorry, I didn't go to your house to see the fight.. I made Kiko go alone.. Bri is asleep she has church in the am..
I Bet That & are so happy that #NOSCHOOLFORTHECASTRONOVOS is trending . #Beauties&GRANDerz always win !(:
Good morning, hometeam. Let's get it.!!!!!
when you pickup up the phone bitch ! Lol
Hey , what are the chances of a shirt sponsor announcement this year?
My List is FREE b4 12 for Ladies 21, b4 11 for Ladies 18+, b411 for men 21+ & $10off for underage men! txt me names 7034073810
I might have to show u that move..
I've really got to stop reading books all in one sitting.
Sorry for the message tweet but my account for hack
I think I just heard loud "bangs" and a car engine. #driveby ???
RIP #DiscoQueen #DonnaSummer. I will forever have memories of #skating parties and #DonnaSummer music playing
Thank you everyone!
Thanks bro! You'll always be one of my favorite parts of my wedding! Such a happy drunk :)
Only 2 things make me hopeful for Sunday: 1.) The sharps are picking the Pats 2.) The Giants are acting like they already won
if you were on facebook theseadays you'd know that i am having one!
Bout to go down the melo center and get some shooting in.......Hit me up
Back at PAX let it begin!
what happened?
And for the holidays season celebration Lets lift our hands to the Holy Nation. And say, Thank you father (Thank you Father) Happy Birt ...
our artist wants to perform at love
Cavs Are balling hard tonight! Keep it up!
please keep the Joffrey slaps coming
I'm really tired. Was up 2 hours last night because the power went out :( I'll try to catch up with you tomorrow.
You could take the train to Richmond.
. thanks for Friday - grt time with the crew.
My family is fascinated by Titanic story. It's been requested that I wake them at 2:20 am to listen to the last song played.
Wow, homepage redesign for AMZN!! Don't tell me you're actually getting a sense of design applied to your site & UX??!!
RT : Don't let your learning lead to knowledge; let your learning lead to action. Jim Rohn
Come to a free show tonight at Skylark Cafe in w Seattle!! Playing with Noddy and Press on Randy. And we're slowly getting drunk.
... A beautiful looking gallery space to exhibit some exquisite examples of Frank Stella's early work. Wonderful share!
You should update your Twitter bio! ;)
thanks for the love!
An estimated 1 out of
just suggested that the first interplanetary social network be called SpaceBook
Yikes. I hope that redhead on White Collar is ok. She has diminished tremendously.
Anthony Starr~ Sport is imposing order on what was chaos.
excited to c u in a Duplass! My fav movie of all time is Baghead! "meet me in my room in 20 minutes" "I'm serious"
Hello OK Magazine - We are a teen webshow and we are interested in interviewing you guys for our Entertainment Report
oh its ok
You shouldn’t have to chase after someone. A person who appreciates you will always walk with you.
Definitely not!
,You should give Rick Santorum a new nite you got Education off his time ,did U learn?
Rumors of Kim Kardashian & Mark Sanchez are testing my maturity.
At the Studio Movie Grill Scottsdale, out of all the luxury theaters this one is the least luxe. iPic is 1st, 2nd is Ulta Star Theater.
Sometimes... I really wish I could punch these immature little brats on my bus for being mean and picking on everybody. Must Remain Calm...
Yep! every 100th follower scores a $5 #Frenchys card! Don't forget to DM your address so we can send it ;)
#birthdaycake for #breakfast it gonna be an amazing day!
Awesome run-thru w/ for the #maxkolbtelethon at Hofstra! Thank U to the staff & crew for all their help...You guys are great!
I have to re-iron my hair. #IHateHavingWavyHair lol :)
Last showing in the USA is coming up - what are your plans after?
We just got in mud-flap lady silhouette decals. 2 piece sets for right and left side of window/car. 1/2 price. Only $3.00 a set.
#BBW And ghetto and messy and a hater!
Addicted bro? lol
Let's see how hard I can push myself today in training!!
Karaoke Tonight at Karma:)
hell no lmaoo
Was thinking all day yesterday about my book and character names. Should I make them up or should I use common English names...
Studio session 11pm tomorrow Superstar No limit
PickUpLine: Smash an ice cube and say, "Now that I've broken the ice, will you sleep with me?"
My pleasure - U R very welcome, sir! :)
Today was a really good day ,mince the fact I got suspended it was really good :D
RT : I hope to run at least a half hour every day! A little bit makes a huge difference! #HDSHoliday <ditto that
What a friend on loop
To: Cha Cha- Is it gay if the balls touch? ~Swanke
those pictures are absolutely hilarious, haha.
sadly, no:( hbu?
Ignore me ALL you can. But DONT ever come crawling back to me when people start to love me on February 31 ! Yeah, thats right, FEB. 31!.
I honestly wish I grew up in the Tupac/Biggie era
"There are more things in Heaven and Earth than are dreamt of in your philosophy."
Well i have an android.. but i say iphone :P
It was at Harris Grill. Nowhere, now.
I won't, I promise <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
thanks Herman!
Download the NEW DamnGurl app! And just like last time, it's also FREE :)
Mahalo for the follow!
Thanks for reading Jade!
got this a little late! I hope you had a good Xmas and a happy new year! May 2012 bring you great things
That one Friday in February.
Legs hurt, headache, and its raining: todays going to be a sucky day!
who the hell is sleepdilla? ask me and i will tell you?
luck be a LADYbug
Thanks! Same to you. Had a great time...if I had known hockey practice was that much fun I would have strapped on skates long ago.
2 an a half men....the best in sarcastic comedy!!!
is the #voice to watch!
I can believe I am still up considering I half to serve my 3rd detetion so one more and by by school for a day and so on I hate it cuz it's
Happy Valentine's Day to everyone. www.lindaswift.net
#AlexIsATrueGentleMan This is so true (: <U+2665>
its ok. #NYRangers will win tonight, well before the missle lands on earth, so will the #Pens vs.
if only that viewpoint translated over to his stance on abortion (why shouldn't it?) he'd probably have my vote
All very well over here - looking forward to great line-up at the Sid - be seeing you?
Haha! By the way, it's very nice to e-meet you :)
lol my 4th grade zed card >
Flight later today to Chicago and #AWP12. Of course, the biggest storm thus far this winter is on its way...
still being bigoted Lisa...have some charity...you act like a modern pharisee.
How many feel they have a portfolio that is interview ready?
what can I say? I am helpful. I mean, you may be weird and asian, but you are still my friend.
you need to follow my other page !
Looks like TRUST is in their care now. FREEWAY was only Republic for home video & looks like it stays with Lionsgate.
the feeling you get when you click on someone and their pretty and than you look at yourself and think I'm ugly as $#!+
JZELL MUSIC EVERYBODY!!!!!
thanks for being Hott
Twitter & BINGO @ DA SAME DAMN TYME,,,, it'z my future
I can't believe I just bought a shirt at Hollister...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Stop by our Hollywood Tea Bar between 1:00 and 3:00 this Sunday for a free, informal Tea Tasting with Seth O'Malley.
Omg followed me! I am so excited I absolutely admire her n I am so glad she followed me! Thank Ariel! :)
I just love this wonderful,kind,awesome singer named Selena Gomez
Phish Fans: You might want to be at Madison Square Garden for New Year’s Eve.
I'm trying to change my financial forecast for the next year! I'm making a few small adjustments in areas that I'm wasteful
A friend asked me what is your favorite NFL team? I said TEE BOO:)
Always weigh your options
I keep waking up hungover even though I haven't touch a single drop since saturday. I'm doing pretty well.
#iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil You took off your sunglasses and hat
REALLY? So can you explain to me how they give the tomatoes chlamydia? It always seemed so cruel to me...
Well Leave Monday For Chicago This Wasnt The Way I Wanted To Go Back There!!!
Somewhat concerned that none of the keynoters for this actually work in a library.
Joan Walden Real Estate
But... but... I might be moving to Michigan soon :o
For it! Getting married Memorial Day Weekend '11. Polled friends/family on my wedding blog before setting the date.
Looking fresh, no stress, who tryna fuxk wit the best!
that's why I can't believe this dude isnt in jail. Change the story so Trayvon kills Zimmerman and ask if he walks free...
Hanna Montana
“: YOU HATE ON BRITNEY YOU WILL GET SHIT” leave Neil ALONE!! WAAAAH!!!!
Nothing ever did work out for you and me. I should've expected it..
Small circle = less problems...Big circle = bunch of bullshit.
I'll be in Pleasanton for a week this summer for training. No dates confirmed, but would love to meet up.
I'M STAY POSITIVE THOUGH IT ALL AND LEAVE IT IN GODS HANDS
WOW! RT : I once made a pumpkin infused vodka and made a cocktail with coconut milk
Amazing time w today at our engagement session.
aright. Ima do it. Haha it's telling someone I like them
The quality of an opportunity is often inversely related to the qty of information available.
Sounds like I should!
No. Wasn't really feasible. Cheaper to stay around here, plus we got coverage of Maine whenever they came down.
I know, it's been a great response. Bravo 2U and your great product! And many thanks for all the support through , also:)
Many traditional organizations are perpetuaing a limited culture, philosophy, and/or mindset. Transcendence begins with you!
RT : Finally got to see my boy again tonight!
Thanks for the Following Pat..I need Your permission to put some of your music on our web sight.. Let me know Ken
My demand gen team has seriously been talking about how to run a FB dating campaign for me and for a coworker for 30 minutes.
bad news for I'm sure. Sorry bud
Turned Up to here at da Shop!!
Refresh your #mulch – If your #garden is looking a little sad lately, it might be time to refresh your mulch
Urban Impact fundraiser at UPC tonight! Stuck in traffic though getting into u district
RT RT : #German rockers Scorpions arrive in #Israel set to play Tel Aviv's Nokia Arena tomorrow evening.
let me kno I got u
enjoyed watching this, who produced it, nice job!
Ha! But amazing story considering criticisms of groupon from & maybe beginning of an even more interesting story!
I think the no arms, no legs jokes went the way of the dead baby jokes. They aren't PC. Why'd the dead baby cross the road?
Yes!! RT : Anyone else wishing there were some snow on the ground in Milwaukee? #whereisthesnow?
' It's a Zen thing, like how many babies fit in a tire. '
RT "Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anyone expects of you. Never excuse yourself" -Henry Beecher
Goodmorning Twitter ;) Happy Easter Sunday everyone
Perhaps batterypower.co could help? US company, great pricing, free shipping and a years warranty included!
I introduced a spring special to the menu today at #CityTavern. It's Salmon Oscar w/ asparagus, what r u #cooking this week?
": How can yu have so much respect fa a nigga that can't close... Durant aint won shit
Celebrating Women's History Month!
Ibanez is going to have a 30 100 year. Unreal. Way to go RAJ!
Cops for Labor marching at Capitol to calls of "Recall Walker."
I can't! RT : you had to kill one who would it be Downy JR or Johnny Depp?
actually i wish i didnt care at all
I liked it...but needed something more. Don't know what....
yes that coffee will keep you up!! Lol
my doggie had to b put to sleep this weekend. its the hardest thing ive ever had to go thru :( RIP Pebbles I love & miss u <3
Hurrah! Good for them-- not that it was in doubt, I imagine. Congratulations.
Sounds like a plan....
nope. phew.
GREAt Some People Are very Honest :( but some are still waiting
If mtv play dis damn "Glow In The Dark" video again ....smh
Look, I'm no George W Bush fan, but I don't get the hate over him naming his cat Bob. It's cute! That cat probably thinks its people anyway.
oh wow datz was HOT!! when are u puttin it out ??? cuz im buyin dat
Introducing Mr. I-didnt-know-you-did-that and Mr. Oh-thats-my-favorite shit.
It does suck :(
Sexism is gross.
nah he's in the clear for that :)
what up? ready for nascar season? it gonna be very interesting season
This #weekend is going to be great!!!
You know you play too much tennis when you have to hide all the racquets and balls from your wife or girlfriend
Is it just me or is this wedding thing on #ACMs a little weird?
Our services include: Residential & Commercial Cleaning, Basement & Garage Clean Outs, Foreclosure Clean Ups, & Carpet Cleaning
Excited for your show next Weds because I love Chicago and America. Drinks & karate around the corner @ the Glenwood after?
off to laughlin till friday =) *->BaByDoLL<-*
That moment when you're short and feel tall when you can reach something and tall and cant reach something.
Who is #WillMiddlebrooks? And if they plan on keeping him up, why is he wearing #64? The #RedSox take the lead 2-1 after 1.
It's storming out?
I wouldn't have noticed that if you didn't point it out
Reading Tip: If you buy a book solely on the cover design, you do know the illustrator and writer usually don’t know each other, right?
Haha! And pigeons, cobras, frogs and various other animal-inspired yoga poses. (Frog is the WORST)
Happy Birthday!!! (:
Hey that okra or Oprah? LOL!
oh yea i love my new icon :-) i love Logan with all my life :-)
Great day of editing guitars and working at the Minneapolis Media Institute. Finished editing video work for a client. More fun stuff ahead.
Toshiba Debuts Monstrous 13-Inch Tablet [PICS]
#RufusKing commonplacing Blackstone: “War is justifiable only on Principle of self Preservation.”
My you tube is poetess11222 can anyone tell I'm from brooklyn? Living in pa
What are you doing tonight, NYC? Drop in to our Tech class. Bring a date. May be spark up a romance... We are "Ooh La La"ing for 2...
Landscaping today...this is the exact opposite of how I wanted to spend my tuesday...
Still sick -.-
if the rumors are true and a boston fan was killed in the riots, I am very upset with #vancouver come on, that is fucking pathetic.
Seriously. She NEVER sits & watches a whole movie and she hasn't moved once. I think there are subliminal messages or something.
Dave Matthews Band will play Farm Bureau Live at Va Beach on June 17 - tix on sale 3/9at 10am.
happy birthday!!!
It's such a beautiful day! Glad the sun is shining where I am! Out in the warm weather listening to music I can dance too!
just maybe?
Let's Rock
A team effort is a lot of people doing what I say.
My mom is being super nice today.. What's going on <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I'll do my best... It is just a minor cold, so it should last only a few days more!
That has to be one of the weirdest things I've ever read. Kind of Hunter S. Thompson meets Wodehouse meets Bill O'Reilly.
Doing very good thanks, what about you?
thanks for the valentine's day wishes :) and yes all of the girls getting ready to go out! I'm sure you were hopping too!
RT : Bvxbbhhhngfhyghug talk to you later : Carl thomas featuring Usher RT : What's "Ctfu" mean?
Friday is here kids!! What band or DJ are you psyched to see this weekend?
Bout to start doin people like they do me it's over for this nice shyt
thanks courtney you so Awsome !!!!!! #Fisk go Courtney were so proud of you !!!!!!
Is it vane to like your own post?
thank you. i will follow you back if i go on :) promise
Are you in the city?! What are you up to?
i started hi wit 2 o's jus like ohio
just saw a car with a hebron cheer sticker on it for annabelle, it's taunting us
follow back ? :)
Thank you!
And now in English, please?
No problem u do really great :) <3
“It's not what you say out of your mouth that determines your life,it's what you whisper to yourself that has the most power!” <U+2015> Robert...
Said the same thing. What a crook!
I'm obsessed with that song. “: take me down like i'm a domino.... #onrepeat”
LOL. That looks terrible! Of course it is something I want to watch. Thanks for pointing it out. :)
Looking forward to next week's GigaOM in NYC. Message if you're going!
#prproblems RT : Booking flights, drafting press releases, sending emails. Typical
I am dissapoint
i'm starting to doze off
great you
Encourage your followers to follow me. Daily updates on the event world! #association #event #corporate thanks!
that's why you by garlic already minced in a jar.
And I need to start steeling my heart for more tree-destruction this summer. :(
Summer workshops are filling up sign up now www.yatkids.org. Stanislavski still rocks
Joe Paterno and Graham Spanier will resign within a week or two--a disgrace to higher education and humanity.
Sometimes the chance encounters in the hall are the best part of the conference. :)
A job search can make you want to just go sell beer in Cancun, so it’s alt-ack! week. I’ll tweet friends' fav fantasy jobs #altack!
haha good joke
Guinness floats!
R u sure about that? I heard they're cute when they're young, but hard to handle when they become teens. Like humans, but worse.
I mean I lol'd
imight be over her, but she fucked my views on life up
Hahaha luffs u to:))) I said that first!! Can you hang after u clean tomorrow babygirl?
I don't understand why we want what we can't have. Why we can't be content with what we have now?
binge silver polishing. yeah, I didn't know it was possible either.
green peppers are harvested earlier - all are green before fully ripening (on vine) to red or yellow or what have you
thank u love. Xoxoxo. I will be sending u a business plan for my Mercy Me cases to b sold at your store.
they were 8.5 but they sold yesterday! :( We have a ton of shoes though, come check em out! You'll find something you like.
looks dapper today with his blue ensemble to match the blue Terrace Chairs.
thanks for the time“: Check out Sunday's Wisconsin State Journal for the interview I did w/ about #Wisconsin Rapids
RT Hello thank you for the follow ;)
Dang u android keyboard! Why must u make me feel like Shrek! Tiny buttons are making Hulk angry...texting takes forever. Sad face.
awhhhh! Call me in a while.
suck my butthole ya dumb slut
Notre Dame lucky to be down only 6 at half. Natalie Novosel needs some shots to fall. Let's go Irish...20 minutes to the title!
Nothing's better than getting wet in the rain.
Online Rehab for Alcohol and Drug Addiction can help all family members. Low Cost! $399 for 90 days. www.OnlineRehabClinic.com.
will be in Vegas Friday! But, Coachella officially puts me in the jealous range. You taking passengers? hahaha
Great tip! RT Look in the mirror and tell yourself how beautiful you are and believe it!
Ok Twitter I been slackin but I'm back at my followers I can't say everything I'm doin to the public no more but trust me u will see it!
TONIGHT: Closing Party feat. performances & food. Revealing Winner of 2012 Cherry Blossom Photo Contest!...
i miss you.
It honestly feels hotter in my basement just watching the Coyotes play. Get them out of Phoenix now, NHL.
Anni told me about that.. Hahahaha.
Wow this kid I went to high school with legit looks like a serial killer now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
It looks great on the wall. It gets a lot of (positive) comments.
Tweet me sweetheart:) I really wanna talk with you ^^ <3
Awesome! I'm looking forward to your blog post and pics of the #GrandCanyon. I'm at T -22 days!!!
I think that's a great idea! I'll have to suggest that to a client who wants to test site surveys.
no american idol finale party this year :(
I skipped cscw this year (working on advancement and all) but sent 3 things to Chi, and am working on one for ICWSM right now
Haha it's okay lol I just didn't know cause it said you lived in Canada and I was sorta confused lol
hey you got your Joseph Morgan picture and u aren't crying in it!! Me and my mom were in front of u in line!:P good pic!
Thanks ! That greek frozen yogurt was delicious!! and agree! OPA!!
have a cold too! Know what u mean!
im not gonna sub. Cause u guys said if u dont ur coming us please get the next flight to honolulu hawaii:)
ew Lauren you so nasty i want the real deal
Follow my friend and talented artist/designer/everything-er, !
One more week and Elite Fashion Academy LA welcomes more students to this amazing fashion family!
Hey dude, how'd the half-marathon go? I stumbled across the line at 2:26.
don't you mean skinny fat ass?
Running the #BostonMarathon in skinny jeans.
yum! Sounds delicious!
You know that smell on your hands after you get done tuggin' one ... That.
I'm so hungry I can eat a horse
Listening to school the Fry's employee IN THE MAC department who doesn't know what a Mac Mini is.
Did you know? That when a director does not want their name associated with the film, they use "Alan Smithee". Try and IMDB him.
Watched 'Sea of Love' w/Pacino & Serpico's next in the queue. I still love you Al despite Gigli.
Ohhkkaayyy This Is my last tweet till lunch TIME(;
Oh my goodness. So precious.
Every day & coast to coast I connect w/ #highered institutions who believe in cause.They're joining us in changing the world.
Thanx 4 the Follow! <3 right back at ya!
I think my cat is part frog, part monkey and the remaining part cat. A fronkat.
I've experienced a lot of really bad service lately. Am I wearing a "kick me" sign I don't know about?
Noboday can do that. You think Kanye doesn't have throw-away beats? You think Michael didn't have off days?
hook it up KIM
Fake people <
We've operated off a points system since 06 to avoid cheating. Like 1pt for a house, 5 for e-card, 10 with yrd sign.
Have fun and get mad skillz for the both of us!
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> 7
What's the difference between a cat and a comma? One has claws at the end of its paws, and one is a pause at the end of a clause.
hey there! we have it on hold at the moment! But feel free to still write up ... link to our Facebook page instead?
had last night off = Tube of fig newtons AND Oreos. I raise you gas and a processed food hangover sir.
This would only have been more perfect if Anderson Cooper had the exclusive.
what's up?
Time for #TriviaTuesday warm up! Which "True Blood" star appeared in Gaga's "Paparazzi" music video?
Ima miss you bro, come back soon!
the same:)
Happy Birthday I love you <3
yeah!!! I feel so #special now :-D
I love when customers don't tip me it just makes my shift perfect #lovepeople <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Thanks for the kind mention, Rachel!
": Plz RT: online college fair going on today where they can learn about life in college & chat w/300 schools"
moe Monday's
A few more years!
Perfect skim boarding weather.
No one understands how happy I am that this is my last year at glades <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
beef? What about scrap?
"safe and sound" by taylor swift just sounds kinda creepy. the music vid is weird too. wats up with music these days?
You got a kik bro?
“If content is king, then conversion is queen.” – John Munsell, CEO of Bizzuka. Why yes, yes she is.
KLUSOZ WILL BE ON & POPPIN ONCE AGAIN TONIGHT!!! MAD DRINKS SPECIALS & I'M READY TO GET IT CRACKALACKIN' ON THE WHEELS OF STEEL!!! C.I.T.I.
When r we going out to the beach?
Good evening, I'm Paul -- -- the new administrator of the Austin Meetup group Motion Picture Professionals --
I had a good day today at skool =)
Wow. Thanks for tipping me off to that Birdie Busch tune. Great!
Hah! I seriously had a brain freeze moment when I saw it.
Cool, following them now too!
hey where have u been? hiding off twitter....
Such a beautiful day. Couldn't think of a better way to spend it! RT : Poolside with First sesh of the season.
Also, try re: looking for writers for
start a game.
Got school today:/ Christmas break needs too hurry and be here already.
up 2-0 against the Yanks in the 1st:)
I own a copy of "Where the Wild Things Are." It was a gift from my sister.
Beautiful night to happen upon Museum's "Song 1"
LMFAO I DIDN'T KNO THIS EAS UR BACKUP ACCOUNT WHY AM I SO SMART
Because if you announce it on Twitter, we'll hold you to it, right?
you get a pass then, lol. Mnt can be mind-boggling!
"I know him, and he does." "Well, you're my fact-checking otolaryngologist."
First Chai, now mocha...about to get a green tea latte myself (@ Starbucks too)
High of 80 degrees here today!! It's never this warm in March. I love it! :)
Hey hey hey!! So! LoL.
lol i hope you can get here, so i can show real entertainment.
I hope the nuggs can pull it off!!! 2 minutes to go. Come on I believe in you!!!!!
“: Do something every single day that scares you.” seriously love this quote
Playing on turntable with my coworkers. We need more inter-office collaboration like this ;-)
Let's set the world on fire!
Titti boi got his name cause he was breast fed up until he was 17 1/2 lol
Shout to my brother for putting me on to the benefits of shoe insoles
great meeting you tonight! Thanks for everything!
My friends are on Last Call with Carson Daly tonight! :)
Very much yes. The ALA theme doesn't mesh with our marketing & it's Friday afternoon so...
we're good...all is well with yourself?
iTS THUGG LOVE TiLL THE FULLEST ....U AiNT GOT NO BUSTA<U+2665>
It is awesome and this event will be a parade of fun. Come stop by and say hi at our booth.
Thanks so much for the support!
Obama already planning re-election bid. This is the problem with politicians. How about focusing on doing your job, not keeping it!!!
Looking for businesses in Lubbock, Austing & College Station, TX- promote to college students for only $25/mos. www.campustowndiscounts.com
so nice, right? Haha
t mobile and AT&T
Ferguson "Israel is in many ways the healthiest Western civilization in the world including the United States."
okay Goodnight! Sweet Dreams! X
Lovin this #Hoodie weather
I am dead
you getting old
": super hungry!! Anyone down to go eat?(:" eat at village inn :))
Bound, determined and somewhat GAGGED!!! Ignorance is bliss but sometimes it's just fuckin' stupid.
Hi! Just yesterday! I went ahead and set up
Leia!!! How's it going?
I wish bro D: “: You performing in the NYC area anytime soon?”
vive le data!
Back home in Texas again.. Excited to see my friends & family <3 .. All smiles
for what now? Bruh stay out the court....
i dont know
The trick to finally finishing a writing project? Stop reading what you wrote
hahaha that does no.justice. can't see any of the alcohol behind or the keg of beer.
Yeah it was an awesome show. Try to catch the encore now if you're gonna be up
they do not compete well with mcdonalds. Too pricey!!!
This girl tweets are starting to piss me off. Don't be rude to/about MJ's fam but claim u love MJ to death. U know he wouldn't accept that.
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE shelly from wisconsin i love you soo much cody, i would cry if u saw this! your amazing
It happens
its fishin by takenobu. get the whole album 'introduction' it's fantastic.
You never told me you had an interview. I need details.
Enjoy the weekend!
Hey guys, do you love art as much as us? #Follow our friends , a fine #art #gallery at the #Zhou B Art Center in #Chicago!
Last Tip - Every interview you have is an opportunity to learn and improve your technique and skills.
"One time I was fishing for salmon..." -Rube Sheeber
follow me on facebook at ECANUS Entertainment Syndicate LLC.
Listen to UN Goodwill Ambassador #DonCheadle wrapping up the day with @ #EnvisionFilmhttp ://goo.gl/oa71N -
taking my own coffee cup with me while walking & talking to people in office hallways. my 1st time.reminded me of my prof in graduate school
Switching from state to state!!! :-) loving my life oooowwwwww OHIO bound!!!! :-)
Wen I walk in the Street alone I like to put freaky faces to creep people out lolololololololol
Good Morning! Have a Super-Sensational Saturday.......Spread Love
hey! i cant answer ur message if u r not following me haha ;)
New video of damage...waves rushing onshore, from 8.8 quake in Japan...KOIN News
nice to run into you! Chris Gallant here from BSC days. drop me a line some time at to catch up.
Collin just finished producing a fun music video for over the weekend! Turned out great! Now on to post production.
Who was the former SEC guy on last night talking with the hedge fund manager??
mom just got mad at me for eating too much Nutella. . .
got offered the role of professor snape in the harry potter movies and did not get the part because he was way to mysterious!
The Caribbean Carnival is what we are talking about now.
Nicholas restaurant on grand.. three words... dee.lish.us.
Would love to see a case study when it's implemented. See direct message.
we'll talk about it tomorrow !!!
gr8 read thanks!
There's this girl; even though she's been hurt before, she's going to stay strong. She's gorgeous. And she just finished reading this.
What do people use instead?
i follow back ; click that follow button ;)
Now it says that I'm following you :D
HEY LOU! IF YOU FOLLOW ME I'LL TURN YOU INTO A ZEBRA SO YOU CAN PERMANENTLY HAVE STRIPES. :3
we all love your stuff jen
no and no
lol that's awesome
hahaa how'd I know if anybody would say something about that tweet it'd be you -___-
Dummies Gonna Do Dumb Things....And Tim Tebow, You Dumb...
Only 1 hour until the West Campus is a buzz with Day of Service activities! Are you excited yet, because I am very excited!
Can't believe I had to pick up my 5th grade sister from someone's house bcuz of bullying. Unbelievable. Don't mess with my family
Happy Mother's Day to all wonderful mothers out there. To the bad moms, stay out of the headlines.
You bother me
Alex fouls out, McNeese at the line, up 57-55...w/1:14 to go
call me n u will get ya head ripped off!
and i did the refrigerator dance Infront of on saturday ! it was fun ! :)
Please take me off I dont want to be in it no more sorry. Its nun personal iys just idk I dont wanna be in it..
Two hours away from getting my badass face tattoo! Permanent eyeliner, so not a Mike Tyson!
you have to remember that the country is full of bandwagon pats fans. The line should move higher. Gimme giants and 3.
Don't let him Christian, the giant spider will follow him down to your room.
Thank you. It's still a little strange, what my hobby is becoming. Most people I know didn't even know about it.
wtf what is this.
: Hi Chris, nice to meet you! One thing I miss is the English beer!
Rtweet #ike OK, serious Hurricane time. It's starting to come in now. We're feeling the wind here, for real.
I do believe you, but I want to see footage of this :)
I am not registered to vote. Yes certain people will kick my ass when they find out. Voted for Obama and got a letter my signature rejected!
Notorious Thugs - bone thugs N harmony ft. biggie
The thing is, when she falls, she falls hard, and no matter how many times she says i don't care... she really does
Marketing on the Amazon Kindle is the hottest new strategy online using Publishing.
": Instagram: "RodneySuccess" so go follow me, haven't had it that long. (RT if you got a Instagram)" kenziannhouston
RT : i am LOVING your instagram updates from germany & prague!
#NP Heart Attack
how do u kno
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!
Ascribe to the LORD the glory due his name; worship the LORD in the splendor of his holiness. Psalm 29:2
YOU SING REALLY GOOD & YOUR SO CUTE HOPEFULLY YOU WILL COME TO FLORIDA !!
Law of Success #7: Self-Control. Balances Law 6 Enthusiasm. – Napoleon Hill. Next law in 4 hours.
What I meant was check facebook then twitter and then work on report for 30 mins. Maybe excel is down? Damn! Baby Step to 12:00...
Vanderbilt professor criticizes student groups
We're learning sex Ed. Prepare for random and unusual tweets xD
Goodnight yo? Really? Did I really just get goodnight yo?
1. Buy it & read it. Email us with your thoughts & questions:
QT : Time for a change( I agree!
Thank you, , for the follow and the information. Have a great weekend.
. Art keeps me physically and mentally active and challenged, which keeps me alive and healthy.” Dave - Metal Arts craftsman
Thank you!
Hi Lorraine, thanks for the follow. Looking forward to seeing you at #stage773 !
LIVE at 8pm SAT on C-SPAN3: uncorks the HISTORY OF ALCOHOL IN AMERICA annual meeting in Milwaukee. WATCH & LEARN.
Get them while they're hot!
A man, 74, has been found dead in his yard in Santa Fe. His death is being called "gruesome," and a pit bull is being held in connection.
lol, thanks bro. Yep Laala is my sister! wish I could make the writing event on saturday- pls take notes for us!
First off, I agree 100% that this movie sucked ass!
I feel the same way
"Libraries = content + community" Michael Porter
Argh. When can I see the next Hunger Games movie?
it's lame! MKE needs a facelift in some ways. I love that city to death but let's make some positive imagery!
Just rocked a 6-3 win at indoor tonight!!!
columbus couldn't grow a beard if he wanted to
Circing ipads? Plan for: settings & restrictions, wiping for privacy, staff training, liability, replacement & repair plans.
When everyone randomly stops texting back. <<<
If you want things to change in your life, you have to make changes
Thanks to everyone at for the awesome weekend!
im not sayin i would wait for you but i am saying I'd rather be with you then someone else.
can you just be my friend? :-D
All I've eaten today is bacon and eggs fried in bacon grease. I'm trying to shed those holiday pounds. :)
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Kurt Cobain. If he was alive, that'd be cool.
Those black clouds hovering around the lights on 90
All Ravens draft picks have reached deals with team. All rookies set to begin rookie minicamp tomorrow.
Safe travels!
then go to sleep
you little nibblehead
to save myself some time in the future... *forehead**superglue**palm* ..gonna make it hard to type, but i'll just use my nose I guess.
RT : ...got the master disc in my hand...sounds like victory to me...
Left my STI results at my friend's house after playing post happy hour
Brightness of my Macbook & iPhone screens are killing my eyes! Thoughts anyone? Besides turning down the brightness or use it less.
At the state of the league, Don Garber put the task of selling tickets on Nordecke. Maybe we should schedule friendlies, too.
Dunk contest was mild tho....
I have a soccer ball hexagon still imprinted on my leg from a Sunday indoor game.
Hey if I did the pool through FB, I don't have to log in separately for the pool, right?
When we left off late Thursday, we sang the praises of #Browns taking Brandon Weeden to be their next starting QB
It is hard to believe that my son Lee is 24 years old.
": #HowToGetRejected? Say "I totally hate Harry Potter" in front of me."
Do you twitter?? FInd me
Do you miss The ICONic Boyz already lil mama?<3(:
Ah thats great! Site should be launching very shortly. Had a slight set back but will be up and running soon. I will let you know
It's 2:00 am and Im eating a QT Burrito with some Chips and Coffee :)..
I think I broke my penis. Too much hand to gland combat.
Not feeling this ap stats test today!! But ready to move into my new crib!!
For any urgent issues, please contact our Headquarters at .
Congratulations for graduating from UT!!!! Git it girl! <3
Wait so after I paid for my window seat on you are now asking me to switch for an aisle seat. no thank you.
loo thanks jerry
Eating pop corn and watching the with my princess
#tiptwist Tip Twist #7:HEALTHY LIVING: Don’t Assume You Can’t Go Organic AND Save.
Happy birthday Chanez!!! Tramponaline is really fond of their singer :)
#ihate being sick *cough cough * *sniff sniff*
Happy Mothers' Day everyone! How are you celebrating your mom today?
Thank for the follow Andre!
Now and then I think of all the times you screwed me over Part of me believing it was always something that I'd done
Is it wrong of me watching mythbusters instead of watching the heat game? All I hear about the game are complaints about the refs and FT's
I will miss your americano's while you're gone.
#melo and stoudemire dont play defense, typical #NBA "superstars" no wonder they are losing
Watching Comic Book Men!
I can only imagine how odd my Spotify playlists have looked to Facebook friends today. Lot's of terrible 80's music!
THANK YOU!!! You give me a #FF Mention and my whole day brightens-what can I do for you in return?
Thanks for being open minded about the idea!
Is it a yes or no?
#nypd presence at union sq is light but a few whiteshirts just showed up
It is of great importance that you wash behind your ears.... I hate when ppl with stank ass ears try to hug me..
I sent u a tweet sayin I never got your email! :( plz send to
Packing my life away ...
The Premiere! Join Us! Issues with Clayton and Omarr, Saturday, January 7, 2012 6pm CST Blog Talk Radio (disclaimer) Explicit Content.
thanks for coming out last night. It was good to see you.
I've used the word "fix"as a noun three times today. Need to find a fix for that.
gr8 meeting u lst ngt looking forward to supplying ur athletes w/what they need after workouts
what are people thinking. Can you imagine the liability ?
Please take a few minutes to check out our Reverbnation page as well as our FB page! WE NEED LOTS OF FANS!!!!!
No such thing as perfect but you come pretty close
*hugs back* I am doing good. Thanks for asking. Hope TCR is still going good! :)
Yeah it would omg he just liked my wall post i sended him on fb:D
Find the lowest fares you can on expedia, then go to priceline & name your own price for $40-$50 less than that! Works for me!
Riding in these mountains, havent had service since yesterday but im back!!
Bulgarian weightlifter convicted of drug smuggling - Yahoo! Sports
Passions rekindled #TNWIC Thank you inspiring us all
to my Wall Street Newscast and visit www.stemcellregenmed.com ww.wallstreetnewscast.com/profile/stemcellgenenano.html
Follow me Please (; !
#microstories I got mad because the monkey stole my banana, so it hit me. Another dream. Why do monkeys hate me in my sleep?
Just to clarify, that price is after tax AND delivery fee!
You're more like the Kiwi Greek Chorus for all of us Chicago tweeters!
follow me and i might follow you,(: rofl.
yo, that is #dope what's in the package and where is it headed?
If you ain't running with me, run from me.
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or to lose. -L. B. Johnson.
Just a joke crystal when people get nervous about taking a picture of someone they sometimes forget the lens cap.
“: Mistakes are proof that you are trying.”
It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome.
Trying to buy a giraffe on eBay is next to impossible
RT : ICON DTLA TONIGHT for all the sexy people!!! You got til 530PM to send me lists!
i bet they will do it while im in school
So here's a question... do you show, or not show the Junior Seau memorial? It was a suicide, but he was a legend? Any thoughts?
Britney Spears judging a singing show!? Whats next? A talent show judged by the kardashians?
The real winner here is each and every vegetarian restaurant in the D.C. area.
Dude sitting next to me on the trolley is sporting a disc man... Awesome!!
omg so 'cited!!! Tell tell tell but in msg because you dnt want everyone to know!!!
<U+263A>Enjoy life today, yesterday is gone and tomorow may never come...
so much for creating a conversation... With a single tweet, Lance Armstrong’s PR machine blunts ’60 Minutes’ segment
There's a difference between doing everything for ONE man, and doing everything for ANY man...
Thanks to for supporting in Oklahoma! Gearing up for a great program year.
... I only asked for 1 thing for Christmas... Box set of Brisco County Jr. .... Hope you get some on the back end of it
Gearing up to teach my #java and #android class with Not even surgery this morningcan keep me away
i followed back
Headed to the set. Pretty excited about my first gig in LA. :-)
that "form" was also pretty good in the 2010 winter olympics...
hey u
I'm absurdly happy that my college age daughter is snoozing on the sofa while I read.
you guys crack me up. It has a pee valve. Not sure if I'll use it all the time or not.
GO HARD OR GO HOME
&%$# But also remember to not let your good have the appearance of evil, its a twoway street.
#whydopeopledothis break up and make up once a week
i need to go south
No matter how many times i see titanic whenever Jack dies it still upsets me
how they treating you out there maam? This is my first tweet to the world...well to you ahahahah
you too? Hahaha I used to think he was hot
Man sitting across from me at Dr's office should be poster child for anti-smoking. He just coughed up 50lbs of lung snot. I'm gonna puke
I told you I was coming home Monday morning!!
follow back
South Dallas on Sunday Fresh Paint on 2012 and wheel to match yeah niggas got real money down here
There goes instagram acting light skin again.
I've always enjoyed the design and beauty of henna. It's always a shame that for the time and intricacy, it doesn't last.
Goodbye Cruel World (Gone Camping)
I don't understand if "mock drafts" project what one thinks teams WILL or SHOULD do. Most seem to be somewhere in between.
we miss you a lot!
“: taco bueno and ribs m m good” thas a DAMN good meal
Prayers & condolences to the family of one of the 's greatest linebackers to ever play the game.. #JuniorSeau .... R.I.P.
I've been playing monster ranchers so much lately, But honestly I'm just coasting until #D3. Then I can die happy
I can't let this beautiful day totally pass by without getting some fresh air. I'm going for a walk.
Fab brunch with old friends
It feels great outside. <3
no it was not like that... I called u Saturday evening... but my u knw what was here
not annoying at all. Gotta vote for Tony Luca all the way!!! U need to go 2 for 2!!!
watching hannity...relaxing
Are you in the UK now?
For once would like to see to perform without his guitar
#tweetyourweight 238.8 lbs and 75 days till the wedding. Trying to get between 200 and 210 by the big day, will update as much as possible.
Everyday counts. Work hard everyday and push from Sunday to Sunday.
Anyone heading to the ball park this weekend?
Just got out of work and I'm wide awake -.- just going to drive till my tank runs low
The Juicery will be joining fresh52 tomorrow. Give them a warm welcome and get your juice on! I know I will be!
Cool out for 2 minutes!
PS WHY CANT I RETWEET YOU?
I'm jealous. I could use a cold Red Stripe right now.
I hope "we" ate them all without sharing. ; ) So. Delicious.
"There is never an achievement......without an assault" thats food for thought this Mon morning. Leggoo.
but the real criminals *were* collars and ties. that's why I go shirtless. but I'll wear a wife-beater on special occasions.
lmfao his name is July! And no, I was not talking about him. Mention him one more time and ima body slam you lmfao
That's our South Beach Cafe...great choice! Have u visited the other locations? All w/in a mile of each other, all a little diff
Jessica did better on this song
Yes it is since Democrats are "in bed" with them just like Republicans. The two party system no longer is working.
the way shook the shit out of and started wilding out LMFAO!!!!!!!!!!!!
says "Dale" better than Pit Bull ever could.
I want all my tweeps to follow - She'll instantly follow back, she's online!
Karen Leland: How to Promote Your Small Business Blog
the paper loved to play on ur name
awesome quote: "If children do not learn the way we teach them, we must teach them the way they learn." Rita Dunn
you're welcome! I'm happy Averie and Emy got to meet you :)
congrats on the toon victory today
George Zimmerman charged with 2nd degree murder in death of
Say no to the “other” pink meat! , we can trace the ground beef in our fresh meat cases back to the supplier.
Star Wars!
Share your favorite summer time memory with us on this snowy day!
whatever they r doing, match up zone? At least 2 ppl doing it wrong. They need to collapse or help if ball gets inside
Having another good weekend night at Bar Louie Water St! Karaoke and all the staff dressed in TOP GUN / 80's gear! I'm wearing a fish tie!
by biggest, I meant most $$. And it wouldn't be close
I'm about 12 days behind on email (and everything else). The insanity of catch up starts tomorrow. Sorry for the delay, world. I'm on it.
glad you enjoyed your froyo at Orange Leaf! Are you an EMT? If so, I hope you mentioned that to receive your 15% off!
You rock. Just sayin'.
lol u had it coming
Debt crisis!Start contacting da Senator representing da state u reside in before da beginning of da end surfaces&ur money is soon worthless.
Kevin Dillon from the HBO series Entourage drives a Lincoln LS
Today is my first "last day of the fiscal year" at Murray State. Hoping I have everything done that needs to be done by the end of the day.
Secret Country is turning this place into a ho down for sure!
Why did you guys have to remind me it's Fringe night? I've got work to do here!
I don't know why #churros is trending but they're delicious. I actually have a funny story about them.
bakiiiiiiii, always gotta have faith!!
Bieber fever Gary style.
nashville tomo nite!! the muse! we play early
“: People's eyes will always be drawn to a #Scorpio in a crowded room.” I love the way this sounds. Lol
Cnt wait for Saturday!!!!
"On top of Old Smokey..." What song can't you get out of your head right now?
Visual and touchable collective linksharing on any device and voice command in the near future is making you online live easy!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ASGFDFJGFGSJS
& they told me some things that my mind didnt change
lol please tell me college and not high school! Haha
Flipping through the channel guide and on more than one occasion I thought I saw the word meconium.
#StayAwayFromMeIf yo breathe smell like cat ass and corn chips
Looking forward to getting my iPhone later this week.
I'm going back to DODGE
Hey Stephanie, hope all is well! Looking for a local celeb to do a PSA for - Do u know anyone who can help?
I don't believe you.
Did anyone get to see the sun today?
And that is why I love Dan Uggla. #Braves :)
Hey I love the new opening montage of fight footage.
HeLLo! RT : And will definitely be shooting the next music film in the series to #CrashCourse!
Haven't been here in a while. Getting back to Twitter today.
You're welcome (i won't tell the Twitter folk that you also stand on street corners)
Hope you enjoyed the OBP!
“: If you're at last Thursday in #Portland, come by the Alberta Rose Theater to catch my set at 7:30 sharp!! #lastthursday”
you don't think giants would take him for single a prospect with Wilson done? Hell, they've had zito for years and he stinks
key to being compassionate adult: knowing gravity of your words.
yo so tweet!!!
Orangebloods.com hit a new record today- 4,708 Texas fans online at the same time. Way to go team!
"Here in Milwaukee you harbor many agitators." -WI gov, 1886
Thank you! Have a great week!
Thanks for signing it please tell other's about this made by ME :D
Milk n sugar? RT : Someone bring me Wawa coffee.
I love you!!<3
Irritated early already
hey tweeters, do you love the performing arts? Then start following this incredible theatre company based here in DC!
seriously. everything.
Yes and...Welcome new followers!
Thats a good point! What's your favorite way to get a surprise for entertainment/books?
going to school brb
yea we are doing ok. going up to lousie to eat. i bet you work today huhn
Schmidt is such a moron
There is a fine line between numerator and denominator
Way to go Julia! You're right on track for finishing NaNoWriMo! Woohoo.
#quote The secret to mountain biking is pretty simple. The slower you go the more likely it is you'll crash. ~Julie Furtado
Goodnight ugly bitches :)
the best is when you see it on Nickeloden
Fab. Only now, upon getting home after work, do I notice I've been wearing brown shoes & a black blouse all day. Go me.
One of us will be hurt, and clearly its not you.
In politics stupidity is not a handicap. Napoleon Bonaparte
Plenty of head room & space but 100% pure electric. We have over 5K miles in less than 5 months. Excellent urban car.
“Maybe home isn't a place. Maybe it's a feeling you have inside of you, being around the people who matter to you” Justin Somper
WE'VE GOT TO WORK, WORK, WORK THIS OUT. LOLOLOLOL XD
Enjoying a Pride and Joy &company. Only been open for 8 days, very large bar.
kicking ass and taking names (:
Mikey, my friend Fluey is married to Justine Bateman.
I'm at the park with my budds (: I love them .
What ever happened to K.P. Envyi?
great new avi!
My dad MADE my day today!
I loved watching you perform at MYFM. It was amazing and your vocals were fucking flawless.
AWESOME SAUCE!!!! :D where did you order it from?
#20ThingsAboutMe I take pride in being tobacco free
Yay, just got my Alabama Shakes vinyl. This is a good album w grt songs. This is more than just retro throwback
Alright, it's official. Great Basin Food Co-op will change the face of Reno for the better. Super excited for their new location.
Lot's of sore legs from last night! I'm not going to get any e-cards today.
have fun shadowing
I think it's a combination of Betancourt and Hoffman
well I guess if you want change, you gotta start somehow. I just wanna get home from the overwhelming B.O. myself.
The new Ghost Rider movie looks like The Mummy Returns in a leather jacket
lucky!!! I'm good, trying to write but not feeling very inspired lol. You??
Keep your wood color consistent throughout – off-color items or areas can be O.K. as “features”.
Looking forward to our walk- through at the Miami Design District!
what's your favorite movie?
can probably comp u. Otherwise $12 or $15
I'm seriously so glad no one saw. Just between me and him. Haha. It hurt!!
Real women are secure with themselves. No man can tear them down & they don't need to talk down on another woman to bring themselves up!
Green Thumbs Raise Long Green - Woog&#39;s Web ... - Connecticut News
In Bill Taylor's blog post, "Average is over. What's your Extra?" the focus is on organizational issues. What about personal "extras?"
Beautiful and thought provoking morning at Arlington.
Have a good fire going. Trying to use my wood, way behind this winter with the warm weather!
Anyone know how to beat driver 2 Rio level 7 for ps1? #stupid #distressed also I had #pizza for dinner which was
G.M.N.I.: In #China, I'm known as Quan-Xi.
Poolside (kind of) without is just wrong. Missing you!
long live bohemia.
Seriously, the #servsafe class takes 4 hrs?? This isn't what I want to do on a Friday!!
6 days until Christmas. Better start thinking about maybe doing some shopping soon.
Broadway Diner @ Fayetteville : like always, it was so D-LISH! Thanks for hosting the Brand fam tonight.
Ok...so if I change the channel and come back to , their sound is working??? Does that make sense??
#AlexFollowMe (: it would make my day! <U+263A>
I have no idea... U were saying 30 so I was just giving you a better price with 40! 100+ seems like an ok bet IMO
Blessed' it was Nice seeing you on TL
EMBALMING soon....
Hope you have great writing night. Thank you for dark chocolate - am saving it for writing in Vegas. "It's good for you!"
Multi-task on your treadmill. Grab some hand weights and do shoulders, biceps, curls while you walk on an incline.
Forget #Kony2012, let's make #GeorgeZimmerman famous!!! Who is #GeorgeZimmerman!!!!
I'm not saying he's a punk although he's definitely not a real nigg@
Posters are in! I need one or two people from every high school and college to come pick some up and post them around your school!
this Ryan girl who is a freshman
Kornheiser just shouted out to Broneys?
Yes. One Union. Here we come #SAGawards!
Do not fear anything. Be confident at what you do and who you are. And then... Have fun in the process!
If uu fuck them right, cheating will never be an option for them.
Fuck Team Rocket, that's what I say.
Vince Russo booked the stream for ROH
will do...see u soon
Please broadcast the names of the 10 Democrats. I would like to personally help fund their being taken to the woodshed!
we need to hang out!
punch brothers tonight. second time seeing them...can't wait to get inspired again.
Damn nas...its that bad?
I mean, I was just saying, tho...lol. See? Like what I just did there? Jks and Lols all around...
saw you in ! Love it, nice job!!
RT “ "Unthinking respect for authority is the greatest enemy of truth." -- Albert Einstein.”
Happy Birthday Mister Rogers. You are sorely missed.
That is AWESOME!
I teach in my #Adidas and train in my #Reebok #Zigs. I really like the Zigs, but they are no good for dancing :-)
I need to take a drive...
This is a must SEE - from the 1:15-1:30 mark, there's a BOMB nugget!
Who do you think are among the DMV's top five rappers?
wants for president
is that on TV? I would love to hear more of his generic politician speak.
Good Night i love you :D
"I know it's impossible, but you should try to shake it off." ::mates of state::the re-arranger::
question- have you seen Razor or The Plan?
When is editorchat?
pussy cats?
Cute. I can't add a trumpety "Whaaa whaa whaaaaaa" sound so this tweet will have to do. ;)
Samantha Shandrow, you've won a Tier 2 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
My Brother got on my phone and unfollowed 2O People -.-
Happy valentines day to all
I've always wanted an ipod
can i schedule a pick up ahead of time? thanks!
Santé! RT I'm excited to mix up some drinks w & Thanks for bringing us together!
s/o too :) #teamifollowback sweetie*piez
Was just thinking i need to read it. RT I'll come out and say I've never seen the movie Fight Club (sue me now if you must.
Married to the game, but she broke our vows.
it's windy:) good thing you have that safety rope:)
find the file on thingiverse and we can print you one out
Local produce stand returns to Whole Foods on Centre Ave. Eat Fresh, Buy Local, Slice Tomatoes, Forget Papercut, Wince Violently.
Of course, I'm just assuming Charlie Sheen has seen movies like Casablanca... that might be a big assumption.
All I want is your Respect
But I love trolling on those BVB "army" pussies.
OMG take me with u.
Today has been nothing short of amazing!
1.The Beatles 2.Queen 3.The Cure 4.Coldplay* 5.Oasis* (*first two albums) Thanks for coming, drive safe.
What is Ripped Radio?
Color consultant Jean Molesworth Kee answers your questions about paint colors
Haha No I'm Still With My Boyfriend. It Was Just A Joke.
BOOK OF LIZ opens THIS FRIDAY, Feb 20 @ 8pm at Belmont's Black Box Theatre!
The easiest way to stop giving a fuck, is to never start.
Dang my granny ask alot of questions
Great drive, what a beautiful country! Tonight a gala event at the Church of Scientology in Los Gatos, tomorrow AM radio show with Sleepy J
Ahh loving the sun shine
Today is the vernal equinox. Do something celebratory.
Ugh, the perils of a sparkly life. RT : So many fun nail polishes out there. So little time.
Broken toe. Cut up. Still gonna dance tomorrow. Never stopping.
Didn't have a good session at the Indian Casino, Was up good, down, back up, then out, Next Time ...
It's draft day. An Eagles trade was a given
#BandsILove School of Rock. :-)
The utterly atrocious & pathetic passing of Amendment 1 in NC today reminds me how horrific this country truly is against its own citizens.
Nice collection RT >> What can I say, I like to read.
Good job!!
I have school in like 6 hours and im not tired at all. :P
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!! :-) If I was in Kalamazoo... Id be in the kitchen all thru May!! Cooking cooking cooking WE LOVE YOU MA :-*
Every girl has that ONE guy that no matter how angry he makes her she would still put up with him.
Okay love <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>, btw were hanging out this summer !
maybe somewhere on there
So we should go clubbing soon! I could be your new gbf! ;D
nope! Lol you?
#Trivia answer is Yasmin. Join us at 6 pm for more.
love ADAVIS but really top pick cant do a move over another 7 ft player , l perkins not giving any rebs, d jordan jumps high also, d howard
I hate him more for blowing out Gallardo's knee in 2008, but the home run doesn't help.
What you don't have a private jet??....psssshhh hahaha
Guess it seems like there should be a better format. Maybe review instead of recap, as the blow-by-blow aspect seems pointless.
"Competition in the wireless marketplace is white hot," said Paul Roth, in testimony before the committee.
voted x5! :P
Latin Vibe Fridays. The Ultimate College Nite Party starts 4/15 @ New Brudder's Lounge 3600 N. Pulaski Ladies FREE till 11PM $100 Bottles
Waiting for the bus.
Agreed! RT : Love the expression "cool as the other side of the pillow." Very evocative and amusing.
“: “: Meeting With ” Misses you Guys xoxo”
Playing solo piano at the Arroyo Chop House tonight in Pasadena, 7-11pm.
Hopefully, its good news. RT : RT : Cubs could have some very big news coming!
CW quote of day: Union soldier; "It's awful confounded dull here. Nothing even half interesting...saw a fellow's leg taken off last night."
Eating at a cafe in Chonburi. Food is SO cheap here!!!
Don't mind if we do! RT Take a break from all that shopping - it's lunch time and the plancha is hot!
Today's Soups: Country Vegetable, Clam Chowder, & Chili
Super happy that won the primary today! These next few weeks will be the test of who truly believes in Wisconsin.
Omg got 80k #Yee and I just found out now cuz I was sleeping lol PLEASE FOLLOW ME??? <3 Ps. OMC I love you!! :)
What is big hairy and can fly ?King Kongcorde !
no because the guy is will
Why do they make appointments at hospitals? I never see the doctor on time. Even if I'm 30 min early. I need that walk to the front coverage
plays tomorrow! I'm so going!
Booked a worldwide commercial for Amazon Kindle today !!!! :D
left school and got back right before the fire drill
Big win in the civil war!!! #goducks #
Of course we have choral practice the day before prom. Not like I have a million and one things to do that day.
Our most sincere thank you to those who have served and continue to serve our country. America was built on sacrifice, may we never forget.
My new Christmas tradition is buying tamales from So happy to include you wonderful ladies in my holiday celebrations!
this nigga said OVOXO til i die !!! lmfao does he even know what it means ? lol
Go for someone who is not only proud to have you but will also take every risk just to be with you.
what's up bro! Long time.
i want in!!! I need denea and simone hours!!
Happy Mother's Day!(:
If minority kids should be forced to work, according to Gingrich, what should rich kids be forced to do?
Golden Waffle Fries and Chili here at Hawthorne #Burgerville!
I blame Andy Reid. RT : Tough loss by Philadelphia. I blame Ryan Howard.
I agree-while the intent is there (who doesn't want better, positive parent engagement) it does cr8 a place where people will
Bizarre dreams.
I'd be more excited if you remembered my Twitter handle. Smile.
Hope i have to hire you to help us make the right choice!! RT : Rumor has it they went out today/tomorrow.
Happy Hour 3-6pm. Dinner 5-10pm. and Friends late night. You know how this works, its
The best picker-upper in the world is <U+2764><U+263A>
Steve buscemi is hilarious in desperado
Drop everything now.. Meet me in the pouring rain. Kiss me on the sidewalk, take away the pain.<3
weblog. Do YouBlog? Because iBlog. We are obsessed with pronouns.
"The meaning of life is to find your gift, the purpose of life is to give it away."
Excited for your #socialgood preso tomorrow... should be good coming from of course :)
Same reports came out of Denver Friday and AZ Sunday
is the Sanford PD a private police set-up? TY for coverage
I have had dreams and I have had nightmares, but I have conquered my nightmares because of my dreams. - Jonas Salk
regardless of who wins tonight you must be bursting with pride to know how much you are appreciated and respected by your team
Thanks, Dan!!! RT Happy birthday to a great friend, !!!! Don't look a day over 19
could you please move to the United States? Also I seriously think you should consider sponsoring a #lumberjack athlete...
I don't get why Zuch couldn't come to NYC for anouncement of massive new offices. The mayor and US Senator came?
Tony Parker: "I'm taking my talents to the hotel room, and going to play with Brent Barry's wife."
Just saw a line of Blackhawks fly overhead... I wonder if there will ever be a day a military won't exist.
Nick Perry AND Clay Matthews? Sorry about crapping your pants to all other quarterbacks. Welcome to the family baby.
Better than all the 24s.
Our Sharon Rose's new #mystery PERPLEXITY ON P 1/2 should be out any day now! Watch for it on Amazon!
RT Off for a run. I'm going to die after 3 weeks without exercise! Oh dear lord.
Regarding routing and workflow, always eager to hear about specific issues and suggestions!
you really don't?!
TOGETHER WE CAN. SHOOT THE MOON, STOP THE RAIN, EVEN RIDE A HURRICANE. staaahp it Cheetah Girls.
Will never notice me :...(
reports Perry will endorse Gingrich.
Survivor series tonight. What's everyone's predictions?
i don't know if i'm getting them today , but yeahh , i'm getting them !
Two down, just the one left. A 15-20 page paper is all that stands between me and that little sheet of paper...
This is the worst class ever
You're welcome - and please do! We have all sorts of rad frozen yogurt and we'd love to have you and yours!
Guess I was wrong about the Lakers Saturday night. I believe it was wishful thinking.
i almost went there for dinner tonight!
Dude I was kidding, I don't even know who your talking about?
cute cat!
It's 10AM on Sunday and still no call from Rich Miller requesting assistance posting bail. I hope that means he's safe and sound
Went to a Omaha strip club last night. I never seen such fuckery. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
love you :)
wonder what else people are doing?
no heather... U r always good to me. U know this :) call/text me. Lol
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 50
May the 4th be with you. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Have to find time to sleep more so I won't be so exhausted
Cant wait for the weekend to be here! I want to do absolutely NOTHING! that sounds superb :)
With , you get a 5% donation on every purchase to any #charity of your choice. Don't see your organization on our website? Add it!
Mother's Day is fast approaching! Make it memorable with a unique gift and carve out some time to hang with your awesome mom:)
You Just Did It Again, #Smh .
Have you guys heard of texting?
Im so going away for college decision made no one can change my mind
Many people we're hidden in the mall. M, I would say not exactly, but hey, we have a huge parking lot for you to feel comfortable.
Still need to hang out with you BOTH.
Is anyone else bothered by instagram spreading to android?
g'morning cock a doodle do... cum n git it!
So does that mean I can't use "we" when i'm referring to you guys playing next year since I don't play with with a scholarship?
Eric Wedge only believes in runs saved by second basemen. RT : Not to pile on, but I think Saunders grabs that.
Broadway extension, you wear me right out.
Take your macbook!
thanks for the follow, friend!
yes. I'll be in the city tonight.
#WeLoveWATIC so much. Sweetest band ever.<3
Happy hallmark day... I mean valentines day!
If you haven't seen High School Musical... you probably had no childhood.
It is feasible for there to be a dance with life, a innovative response to its intrinsic limitations and challenges.
stop spamming me!
around the world cruise. who has 4 months to do that?
just wanta fast forward till wed. but have all my papers done. to mucchhhh streessss
AHH! It's almost time for the wanted on Leno! Excited!
Who's heard of our Goodwill Give to Get donation drive on ? Who knows what you can win for donating to ANY Goodwill in NE OH, on Sat?
Thanks for following, James!
Join us for more Klout and Networking and
Hotel in Hollywood lost Inet last night. Broke out my new Verizon 4G Mifi and got my work done.
I get really pissed when I find hair in my food
I Miss You And Your Still Beautiful!!!
lol put your $$ where your mouth is! Ps3 right?
We'll be there during Check us out at Booth 820! See you!
I was up 10 feet/points but had the 7th inning when the coaches decided to change pitchers a lot. WHOMP.
Oh yeah I got bubble tape
No panic with the #Pens time to get this game back.
happy valintines day everyone!!!!u ppl rock.....!!!!
yes we missed u
Thank you for the GREATEST HASHTAG EVER
follow me? i love you so much!
It's something I long for but the biggest problem is bending down and putting my tennis shoes on
naw i putta smiley face lol i thought you was goin to sleep?
On cup of coffee #2. Not enough coffee in the world right now. Crazy tired but so grateful. :)
Diva<U+265B>Illusionz mobile salon!!! Everywhere you need me to be!
Random guy: that's a bean burrito rite? Me: No its a quesadilla
you should add indiana to that list
TGIF! Need a good book for the weekend? Go indie:
Would really like it to warm up more so I can 1) get on with #SandVolleyball 2) get on the #GolfCourse!!
#in my head there :D hehe <3
for good?
Looking for a Sr PM Dallas TX - Mortgage industry bckgrd. If interested email me at
I've acquired a sunburn here on the "North Coast"...
gorgeous! As always!
Okay! Want to have cute Alemily moments later? I need to watch TSC too, tonight. lol
you're almost there!!
Battle of the beltway tonight! Normally am now into mlb but go o's!
: Get those extra servers ready. The trade is about to go nuclear on you.
on da low coolin!!! Preppin this music for this meeting at Dtp may 14th, im headed out atl To meet with these reps!!!
i might wear my hornets tomorrow ..
nice explanation of blended learning and what is expected in this digital age!
Nice piece on Copycat Project
Tonight is the invited dress for the workshops! I'm so ready to show off 7 weeks of work with all my cast and staff. #UTworkshops in Logan!
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear is THAT your dick?
Comment from "Beautiful music , very entertaining, great vibe, keep up the good work!".
how do I even go about doing that?
Listening to Justice reminds me
by your name it seems like you might be the best person to do it...
Yup (today, now). RT : Thunderstorms possible tomorrow?
Really... C'mon already.. Not cool
Hi Michele, my company may fit the bill. Email me at please.
Show me a picture of your baby, ! #playdate soon.
Ready to get off work
Every action you take builds your reputation. Are you happy with what you have built today?
What's up Twitter my followers tell me about your day and let me know what's on your mind
Ah yeah, I was referring to the corporate-speak style one, not a reference to the toilet.
:) Just tried out for Chorpus Christi Idol. I was the first one! I was so nervous but in the end it was so fun! :D #prayin that i made it
I hope so; where i live it's been raining too much! RT Maybe the rain will stop in a few weeks.
I'm Too much to handle!
Crazy Dope!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BEAUTIFUL HAPPY SWEET BELLA!
music is life!
Scored Torrance tests, studied mixed 2-factor within-subject designs, & made progress on self-determination theory paper.
you! You! You! Don't ignore me ;) I messaged you on facebook message back! <3
it's a great day to be at #Fenway! Enjoy :)
Have a wonderful day today! :)
PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW!!
Laying in bed .
I updated my blog probably for the last time. The journey is complete. The link is in my profile.
Any recs on what to see or do in Delft other than buy ceramics?
Hunting Arbor Mist. Study night!
DURAN.... I MISS YOU SO MUCH ;(
wait lol how did u know my name is olivia?? #Creepin lol jk and u know my nick name lol
all good today!!
Memphis is No. 3 for highest airfares - Memphis Commercial Appeal
tell melony I said happy mothers day <3
But I think the last few weeks of school are gonna be like this cause everyone is so anxious for school to end already. ;p
Happy to follow! Thanks for the connection.
“: I'm SMH at new avatar choice”. It's all about bringing some luck!
yes definitely
#inspired by leaders like #visionconf always good to hear about innovative project all over the country!
The weirdest people fly at night
gonna start with getting my bachelors in business, and would have to work somewhere a couple of years before can get the MBA.
. Sad that you weren't at Logan this year! Hope all is well with you . . .
Now back to my tumblr and thinking bout #oomf lips lol
Now that's girl power that lasts! She has been celebrating her victory proudly for quite some time now. Go her.
Off to teach my class... should be interesting tonight. At least for me!
Carmagedon?! Thank you Los Angeles for bringing many happy tourists to Las Vegas :)
.... I'm dying over here!! Lol. I guess I'll have to make some :-)
Learn about creature book binding with at booth 97, 4 pm
BRAZI!! “: People are terrified at the idea of me being a doctor. #TFM”
Thanks! Following all you fellow #ResidentEvil #RaccoonCity VO peeps!
aw and you will always be beautiful !!!!! .....and annoying :)
Popping these gummy starburst..
that's wassup....when/where is the contest
Attend our next event.Happy Hour in the Southside at Penny's Diner, Pennys Glasshouse,& Folino's! www.pittsburghprofessionalconnection.com
just found out my new phone has Myspac IM built in it!!!!
look whose talking. LMFAOLMFAOLMFAO
Fuck! I cant sleep and its all because #youreonmymind smh
Loooooooooool 3 plus ten, ok Brent ok
Middle of February and the are ALREADY after me for season ticket renewal. Oh well. #likeihadachoice #gohawks!
I'm off tomorrow so happy for that <U+E057><U+E00E><U+E41D>
huh? Kayden it's NOT me. I swear. And idk if it's you either. Ok? It's not me I'm on my iPhone and that's on web. Just plz.
People who abuse hashtags/pound signs >>>>> seriously, it's/you're fucking dumb
#world follow up ?
If kids irritate u so much, y didn't u use protection...dummy
#FF Check out these #tobaccofree tweets
fuck me with a chainsaw!
what do u love doing most when u are bored?
Planning on joining us for the Maritime Ghost Conference? Definitely check out the while you're in town.
Id love that!
come by and I'll make you one!
Oh shit! Just saw that George Watsky coming to South Milwaukee PAC next Monday! Mos Def meets Woody Allen.
Wet and rusting.
Watching Dear John #channingtatum <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I Love new stuff is amazing & 's vocals are fucking outta bounds incredible,Tarcy ain't got nothing on him. <33
second that. stay away.
ACL live w/ Widespread Panic
Ding, ding, ding. Yes, Cory Joseph is the sixth and final. You sure know your #Canadian NBA players. Congrats.
#MostOverratedMusicArtists: Animal Collective
What kind of singer are you? Is your music online anywhere? And where'd you get that hoodie. I wanna get one also.
I was sleeping foo!
chilling at the cribb
"I'm falling in love but it's falling apart I need to find my way back to the start."
Check out our latest photos from Wholistic Life Ministries Revival Service!!!
Mistletoe is #10 on oriels and it's only been out for like an hour!!!
I wanted to see what all the fuss was about....
Spokane this weekend!
“Susie Sexpert” () is the cofounder of the first women’s sex magazine. We talked to her about her new memoir:...
thank you for giving your fans hope that anything is possible and inspiring us to #makeachange in the world!
#IFindThatAttractive when people have their sleeve tatted.
…as she certainly is as well ;-)! Happy Anniversary Jon! Try the patio at Sunflower Caffe, et bien sûr, The Girl and The Fig.
Finally! "Quincy, M.E." (1976-83) is on Netflix!!
Happy 28th Birthday to the one and only, Aaron Rodgers! Putting the finishing touches on your cake! I know you'll love it. #GoPackGo!
she's always been great until now!
if we get that devil in tebow again then we got this, and if Fox and Elway let him do him then we would really be straight
Man I remember warm nights watch little rascals as a kid
I took that 6 years ago when I went back home for my 20 year HS reunion
Alrite I will
just peachy keen here babe, how's your day?
COME TO HOUSTON MOTHERFUCKER
"No matter how small or big your dreams are. You can still make a big difference in someone's life with it~BAMM."
grazieeeeeeee! Positive thoughts
What a random retweet
we just love our cats don't we?
Atrocious call on empty net goal -- linesman had arm up for offside! -- shouldn't obscure incredible goaltending by Grosenik.
Happy to do so & thank you as well.
Just saw video from Indiana state fair :( </3 so sad
Happy 79th to The Chief. I could never thank you enough.
": "Today is your day, your mountain is waiting, so get on your way." - Dr Seuss" Go Jamie!!!
I want to have my birthday party at Howl at the Moon! Anyone been there?
you making it out to west coast for the block parties this weekend?
we drank the whole bottom so... Couldn't tell you what kind it was for the life of me. :)
RT : Check out Google Web Fonts, Typekit, or Font Squirrel for additional font options
Happy to be reunited at happy hour with and
right? And there's a liiiiiitle part of me thaat buys it! Arg!!
Merry Christmas Justin, hope you have a good time with your family. Tell them all I said hi :)
RT : Happy birthday vixen! Wishing you health, happiness & more success!
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.
back at ya Big Joe !! rt
The secret to moving: if you break something, you don't have to figure out what it is.
Is officially wiped out!
"Om come in and sit down indian style like me Om oh my god close your legs if youre wearing a dress, nobody wants to see that Om"
Behind your back, we talk about you all the time. Behind your back, we spread some shit spread some lies.
I believe in my nation. Good will prevail.
A painting is like a story, it stimulates the imagination and draws our mind into a place filled with expectation and wonder.
Hour 2 of the show is underway! Sekou Smith of Hang Time Blog on #NBA.com will join Troy at 1130 to talk Playoff Hoops.
Listening to the new Shins album. Good stuff after so long a wait.
finally over! And we STILL have to wait *sigh*
Gonna be worth a tune-in? Seriously, I'll switch off the Sirius Real Jazz.
Yum! I'm on my way to get breakfast as well (to the CVS for precisely the same stuff). Ugh.
You prepping for High School Football yet?
where a rock under another rock...wow!!!
#AustinTo675K!!! Get everyone to follow him Mahomies! He deserves this!
pear cardamom upside down cake and tiramisu complete. holiday rolls and artichoke spread up next.
more snow in wisconsin... i think someone is trying to send us a message to get the heck out of dodge (milwaukee)
“: If your teams gm is getting ready for the NBA draft #donteventalktome ” lmaoo
We'd definitely like to reach out to all the artist in the Fulton Market area that have moved in recently to participate!
We have a special surprise for you coming tomorrow. Stay tuned! ;)
So I guess everyone's just gonna ignore my tweets huh?
Looking foward to sleeping on the bus tomorrow, so dont plan on sitting beside me.
Cont: support network (inc sporting & non sporting personnel) & 3) effective use of advanced psychological skills. (Connaughton et al., '08)
hey guys! (: the new website is up now, and we should have the online store running soon! <3 www.bambaidapparel.webs.com
A child makes the same mistake over and over. An adult corrects their mistake by trying something new.
That's CAPITAL EAGLE Pride!
SHOT OUT TO Holla for them FLXPhone's #iGotMines!!!
Damn gotta cancel all my Sunday night appts, my fave movie Flightplan is having it's world premiere on AMC!! Any other Plannies out there?
thanks guys! Glad you made it. Sorry we didn't get to introduce ourselves. Hope to see you tomorrow.
I really want to try using a turntable...what should I mix first? I need #goodmusic suggestions...and turntable suggestions haha. :)
Just came from golden corral that shit was good
I'm officially mourning the death of my love of David Bowie...GJ keeps singing his songs with his Angel of Death voice!
Looking for a way to donate to charity without costing you anything? Download our new Chicago-based app, , to do just that!
how you doing on that track , you find it yet?
It's a dogfight between and game tied at 1 in the 3rd! Hard hitting hockey!
hi Julie I am Kelly's sister.
love love love your pic #gorgeous !
Watch my videos on youtube IronicPenguinZ and please subscribe and get me a lot if views and add me thx
Bring on the interview!
I'm really tired of this circular conversation.
I just survived going cross country with my mother wedged in the middle seat between complaints & complacency.
Can someone please ask JLo and Pitbull to stop making music: a) together & b) separately? The world will thank you for it.
Okay so was right...Dark Shadows is....eh.
Talking to realtors about our poor buying choices in 2005 makes me furious. I just want to burn all manmade structures to the ground.
Tell Cutta to shoot us some of those pics when he gets a chance
everyting come naturally it come naturally wen u wit me baby everything naturally it come naturally it comes naturally bay bay bay baby....
Just filled out my bracket. Who do I have winning it all? #NorthCarolinaTarHeels!
what is K.M ? that's not karli i know , but what is it ?!
Hard to believe Howard Johnson's picked those colors before taking the acid test.
Tweaked holiday video showing in Comcast lobby A 90-second Nutcracker sequence by the Pennsylvania Ballet and four additional snow machin
Was down to 8500 but won a toss, 18k at 75/150
Texas Holdem Tonight at 7pm! Win some cash to pay for my drinks! JC
I just entered the #chicBuds giveaway. I hope I win!!
Thanks for being active in building a culture of life in this nation!! Congrats on the big win Thursday!!
Thanks!! Very pumped about it.
Taking picts of a home project and uploading to flickr as a presentations, cell phones win again.
there should be an ISO standard for a blank page that doesn't require the sullying of the same.
Messing around with java jts (computational geometry) package in jython.
just woke up from a 4 hour nap....wait whaaT?
How beautiful a day can be when kindness touches it. -George Elliston
Chicken Enchilada Soup and Chilaquiles for dinner, Happy #CincoDeMayo !
If u ever seen what the dude did to his familys killer "law abiding citizen" u have an idea of how I would handle this zimmerman dude.
thanks man, it means so much getting feedback from fans! Rock on dude!
so sweet
uhmazing!! I have my Baby Cribsy somewhere too!! High-five! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
Can't wait to see this battle!! Been waiting a long minute to see him snap off.
how about NOT talking about sex for even one episode....or at least talking about it like he's a man and not a boy!
Just because i liked u back then it doesnt mean i like you now just bc i liked u back then it doesnt mean i like u
Getting ready to walk across the stage in about 15 minutes. Aiight #Graduation , you're winning. I'm getting emotional now.
Maybe this? RT : Firefighters responding to 136 R street Ne for a shooting
I don't find it cute when guys smoke weed.
Tweets from this account are managed by
Dear , I miss you!! Just thought you and my followers should know! <3
I hope isn't watching this unfold...
PlayStation had a dashboard?!?
Great story by Jeremy Schapp, "recalling concussions" on sportscenter. CTE is real, and a problem that will not end any time soon.
The only birth control my public school provided was square dancing.
RT : MT : Take-away from day 2 of #ASTD2012: best learning design includes stories, draws on our natural curiosity &...
Check this blog out, very inspirational about a 16 yr. old w/terminal cancer. She's making her bucket list happen!...
Thank you for following. I can't think of the essence of Brookland Park.
Hello Tuesday, how is it already past the time for my three martini lunch?
So does this mean that Capt. James's Boat will indeed NOT sink?
Last night in #KeyWest and going to the
Hope to order your jersey soon
Take me to the place i love, take me all the way
PS- Have you thought about moisture wicking pillow cases?
#SongsIListenToEveryday Magnificent Seven by The Clash (well, most days...)
done with exams.. summer it is!
gonna make my mom some nice Chicken Alfredo for dinner :)
I'm #GRAND But When People Get Me Mad , It'sWorld War 3 .
Writing/composing/being creative
Better make sure I keep my smartphone safe so I don't lose it in a cab while in NYC!
Taylor & I are about to jam with a new drummer. Let's hope this goes smoothly. He seems like a nice guy
she definitely is. That's only two things on the really long list of why I love her. Lol
there is a $10 burger and BEER special for dinner
Busy day tomorrow <U+263A><U+2728><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> #remindsmeofthatamazingsummer <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0085>
I hope school sets on fire overnight
What she said RT : getting logan ready for a nap and jamming to 30 mins to upstate check his shit out people!!
You've still got about 20 minutes to get to Manta Ray Bar & Grill to catch the sunset. Was a beauty last night. Tonight?
Come hell or high water I WILL see Titanic this weekend!
I'm GoGo dancing in the Castro tonight. Can I still call it GoGo dancing if I'm just a really drunk guy in his underwear asking for money?
New music binge. Yum yum yum yum yum.
I'm starting to rethink this "I'm on a shower strike till I get some" with the GF....
I mean, Common's an old school bitch whereas Drake is a nu school bitch. And the middle finger goes to...
Did you get a new Twitter? :o
I've been listening to a lot of rap lately
Love makes me sick!!
We should be taking innovative steps to use current media in order to prepare for the next
thanks! but not sure what it is that you wanted. =P
Padme looks stunning
more noted herb that is not horb lol
Have fun! #payback RT Heading to the #Bulls game tonight. Payback time for the
48. time to get cracking.
Check your inbox yo.
we had a Febuary tease 2 and now it will snow 2nite so their it is!
Maane i swear im too tired n dont feel gud
#blessed indeed!!!
Its on ur time i see
sing and dance. You and alex can. Yall are good at that(;
Thanks for all the love. I made the first cut! Round 2 next Sunday.
An update on what your favorite alpha has been up to: Westchester boys are so D2M along with Leesh and Kuh-laire and Westchester in general.
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
In Denver. I work from home and Twitter. :)
watchu know bout walking in the Gucci store and they salute
Every penny counts!
Trying to find the story in the loads of data I have from several observational studies.
823 pictures of One Direction out of all 842 picture on my iPod! So....yeah thats how much I LOVE them <3
Get quotes for auto motorcycle, ATV, RV, homeowners, renters, condo, mobile, home, flood, boat, umbrella, life, and commercial insurance!.
LOL, I understood what you meant :)
Hapy with it...amazed Glenn fell to #41...could have moved up in 3rd to get better reciever..surprised about Drayton Flo
Happy birthday ! Love you best friend!!
Lol rob startin some bs lol Salen y'all dreams an shit but we On my way outta town !!
With compassion comes responsibility. - Rabbi Brant Rosen
The ideal man bears the accidents of life with dignity and grace, making the best of circumstances.
tour sounds fantastic! Give my best all around.
Great! See you there!
I can't, I have to repair some artificially grass
OMFG I just read my xanga from 7th grade. I was a faggot
treble: women ain't nothin' but.
Indeed. Have been a long standing fan, visited twice last year!
split screen? really?
why gatherings "in the flesh"? no real connections made on the screen. on Creative Mornings. would agree
do you have any details on Spring Fling? Is it just shops this year? I heard the beer garden/music was cancelled ...
Hosting a Lunch & Learn for Local Real Estate partner this morning at Geckos.
Why did Dracula miss lunch? Because he didn't fancy the stake.
I'm having a great time at Silk. is tearing it up and are a blast and I am having the time of my life.
Got my beats on.. Focused
Robbie just told me his name isn't Robbie, it's "Tootie McFarterson". Then he broke into giggles for a solid minute.
Great meeting with Source Local today. So excited for what they are doing! Next week a huge surge in CO products ! Come get it!
"An arrow can only be shot by pulling it backwards."
Finally starting the process of packing my room. This makes me quite happy :)
Pandora time till I pass out
Since clarification was apparently needed: I'm aware there's no little man in my computer actually reading my messages, guys.
It's not about the tax rate, it's about the incentives and breaks the wealthy get that others don't. Bottom line.
Damn Flyers Come on #DEVILS WTF
Lmao omg that made my night!
I don't know who sang the national anthem but she did respectable job. on another note, celebrating kickoff with a Hop Whore Imperial.
but ditto!
RT : Exploring Thoughts: there are so many talented artists & I officially live in DC's coolest neighborhood.
Instagram on or #teamiphone? Either way follow us on instagram at
Enjoying the virtual archaeology session (BLRM C). Janet Young on 3D scanning, virtual collections and repatriation - fascinating.
More feedback on Q2. RT #Preservation needs senior experts, Social Media is Investment Relations, PR exp.
“ The only thing we didnt get was a chicken haha we couldnt find one” Dozerr... :'(
They do provide printer inks which yields high quality print output
Mount students and alumni---who's going to the #Reds game tonight? Our young alumni coordinator, Alissa, will be tweeting from the game.
Hi! Thanks. :) RT : HII I FOLLOW YOU GREETINGS :)
It's tiffany follow me I'll follow back :)
Thanks so much!
Missed out on PA3 with 's too bad, I had myself prepped to sleep with the lights on all next week
Woman in stretch pants, smoking a cigarette, shouts at me while I speed past her: BIKE PUSSY!
it always sounds like water is running through your walls aftet you take a shower
Commentary: How the closing of the Tucson mail center affects you - Sierra Vista Herald Commentary: How the closing of the Tucson mail ce
i love the movie,bridesmades!! its hilarious.......
#BrianWesbury to #LPR2011 - no civilization that ever operated under the #USConstitution ever failed.
I volunteered 15 hours total in high school. I know the exact total because it was court-ordered
12 always the perfect number!
fair enough - perhaps bad title. Just trying to make the point that we need to do more early...but appreciate the feedback
: now that is back on his feet we need to schedule that #BSF lunch!!
they still make PS2 games 12 years later.......the PS2 is the greatest console of all time
Offering a unique opportunity to pick the brain of an Internet Marketing expert for 60 minutes for FREE! Ask anything you would like to know
Hey friends! Mocha's is offering free samples of our October special: the BOO Blast! Come try some now before we run out!
Only thing I see is..Beautiful people!
ATSOC in studio! #Liveperformance on in just a few!
had no idea u wer from buffalo ... I live in north westchester now... I need some of that John boy swag on my upcoming mixtape...
so your talking to yourself?
A smile is a curve that sets things straight!
So...done calling me a jerk and the Bulls are down 3-1 to a 8th seed. Thibs is to blame for D Rose - period.
Cant wait till this weekend! :D YEEEE
Getting ready to go to 's playground. Wee!
School year is almost over and my teachers are still giving me tests :P
#NP Big Brother by Yeezy #LetsWork S/O my big brother <<<he put n taught a lot in this industry
late July looks good. What location should we work with?
I agree! I'm sure she's an emotional rollercoaster at this moment!
You should DM me
lemme know what you think.
I bring my own bottles fuck the club dasss it.
There are going to be some sweet racing going on this weekend with some of our friends...details soon!
'you da one that I think about all day' _you da one (rihanna)
Please! follow my best friend I followed you back! please follow!
Great presentation and visuals by 'Using online marketing to date leads and marry customers'
why you gotta be so mean?
WOO HOO! 15 days until school starts! Celebrate by coming to Abq Sci Fi (and horror!) Expo THIS WEEKEND!!
Cabana Club Apartments are the home of the Las Vegas Locomotives :)
Tonight the JFG program High School is hosting the I&I ceremony recognizing our student leaders & JFG champions/join us pm.
is just
whaaaaa harvard is after you??? Get it girl!
lol ok n im finna find u
What a cool idea - I hadn't heard of Live Mocha, very neat idea. Thank you!
Time to take a poll- Who has ever been in an online relationship that turned into a real relationship after you met in person?
Haha, yeah. Me. What's up :p
are you interested in doing a help! webinar? I'd love more gov data topics
my dude sean
A new self-guided bullet works similar to a missile, able to hit targets more than a mile away.
#codeacross Bonnie Dumanis, San Diego DA in Viz Center ---candidate 4 Mayor, promoting open-source software, savings, accountability, future
awesome! can't wait for the goodness
I took my time thats why lmao
Thank you for supporting the LAMB community
Congrats to winner of our free pass to #androidopen 2011!
I'm sure it will be, but sadly, I'll be in Minnesota for my sister's college graduation. So sad to miss!
Oh bother...now I have to deal with a corrupt file. Will I ever finish this project?
Me too.
Linz! Samford is in October baby! Did you know that?!
haha thanks brother
say "Pheel Steel takes it hard to the reem"
keep on rockin' Ted
Trust in what you love, continue to do it, and it will take you where you need to go. - Natalie Goldberg
A young in 3-d?! Yes please
those things you wish could are called experiences where you learn from them. Good or bad.
You may drive me insane but ngl you're pretty amazing <U+2764>
Off topic, but CM Ashby is looking slim and trim. Not sure what last 10 lbs she's talking about!
Hope the weather holds up for tonights Film on the Rocks, stop on by the Outward Bound tent and say hello!!
now you've gotta go to the bookstore and get all the graphic novels to answer all the unanswered questions you might have.
Tears will get you sympathy, sweat will get you results!
Never let others decide for you. You have your own will. Choose your happiness and what you love. It's your life you'd live with not theirs.
WHAT THE HAIL?! must....wait..... 2 more hours adsfkjahskuldeg
#ilovethesouthbecause the pretty waitress calls me baby.
There's a silver lining, though: you have "agreed-upon ends." How rare in a modern English dept!
keep u in mind Brotha workin on my album for the Summer!
I think it's safe to say you missed one of the most incredible events and has ever hosted!
ACU nostalgia this afternoon thanks to lunch with and today.
Oops - a misstep by me
Thanks for the follow! Love what you're doing!
Just got sad news about my parents dog. Why must bad things happen to adorable pets.
Monday, Monday, you can't trust that day.
Is it sad that I didn't go to the beach this summer.........and I live 5mins away........ I think yes and i now am regretting :|
I wanna go to Monterey soon. Hit the beach and get some clam chowder.
sorry. just saw ur tweet; was out of country. medical librarians r avid social media users. what type of research r u doing?
ANOTHER KILLER WEEK! Vote #JamarRogers NOW! 1-855-VOICE-04 or Sprint users text 4 to 97979! Yeah buddy!
. I was talking about the big question regarding marriage equality, hence the hashtag #MarriageEquality. You address another issue.
You only sound hella Cali-ish when you mad...or been drinking LMAO
Important for EVERYONE to be friendly, open, and communicative.
Had a wonderful (Mega Camp-ish) Short Sale Mastermind Session today at Keller Williams Realty Atlanta Classic. Great questions and answers!
I just want to apologize to all my mates I've been chatting up recently! I over use LOL and it's ruining relationships I feel! ;-p lol...
dm me where to send beats
you've really blown a fuse!
Change is coming. I can feel it
Aw, what's the matter, , can't handle a little iPad release traffic?
lol whatever! come back to sf - we can do a cheese and wine diet until December rolls around
Thanks to the expansion of the digital world, information on fashion is endless. What is your fashion blog?
Im a New Artist Follow me
#ReconciliationLaw - Creates a contract that outlines the specific issues to address and the timeframe to invest.
is fighting over the electric stapler.
Grand night out with some grand ole pals! Hunter and of course Dirt!
Watching teen mom,damn they have a lot of problems
Wow! One of My Mentors Just Hit The $260K Per Month Income Level! What Would You Do If You Had $260,000 Coming In Every Month?
Currently drinking a Franziskaner which was brewed in strict adhereence to the Bavarian Purity Law of 1516. Which is my favorite law.
I just discovered this accessory store by the name of Charming Charlie. MY WORD!
You smell like beer. Well yea officer I spilled some on my while driving..
excited to hear it! Your lyrics always have such meaning, id kill to write with you one day <3
I hate when I have meetings on April Fool's Day...I always question if they're gonna show up.
so much fun, Robin! Loved catching up with you. Hope you had an easier time getting home.
Pulling out my hair at the Verizon store. It's an all-day affair. Shoot me now! I stormed out & had to come back in. Lol!
California Emissions: Its a NEW CODE!! Invoking Bob Barker always works. : Okay folks, surprise contest: write me a bet...
...pls check your account; I rec'd a spam message from you today. Thanks..Hoping all is well.
Don’t undermine your worth by comparing yourself with others. It is because we are different that each of us is special. Brian Dyson
thanks for the RT!
Fuck yes. Now let's hold this one.
relapse indicators RT : Q9 keeping secrets, feeling shame, remorse and guilt and not talking about the source
About 40% are *depressed* about climate change--think we won't or can't do anything about it, so not worth trying.
Then again, if you're tall & attractive, bring yo ass over here lol
s/o 2oo :) sweet dreams goodnight.
we'll figure it out
Don't forget... is having a huge #4th of July sale!!!! Go to dannapools.net for great prices!!!
Awesome class last night! I really enjoyed it!!
Hip Hop is not 1 hit wonder songs, its a way of life!!! its a "CULTURE" that i grew up to love...I will keep it alive...(STREET MUZIK)
Thank you for the interview time and energy towards the show :)
The whole restaurant exploded with cheers when that shot was made!
Thanks to all the fans The Troma Channel on Comcast had passed 1.5 million views last month!
Splurge girl!! Lobster Club Sandwich!
excellent launch! Thanks for sharing.
Hey whiteman...do you perform in Philly?!
And, if your the UK basketball coach, glance at a form before going to the Derby. Not knowing any of the horses in the field is a sin in Ky.
Basketball with peeeplez
it does happen to be made of rice krispy treats so I don't think it will get very far under its own power...
we'll be tweeting live from tonight's Mayoral forum at #UMDBiopark. phone charged? yep - all systems go!
: passive voice is *grammatically* correct, but is often a problematic stylistic choice (*esp* for sociologists!)
That would be The king of IJP or himself
When I was 15, I only read Beat authors and only listened to Velvet Underground. The only word to describe me in that year: twat.
O.H., girl on phone: Um, I'm in line to see the Hunger Games. (beat) Cause it's awesome?
@ the Library: fonts have great names. I'll be downloading "dimestore hooker" just for the hell of it.
Kids and I are sitting around with coffee (me) & freshly baked lemon cupcakes. Feel free to join us. Although it is bright here.
Still pissed I never got to have Christmas cookies. Even though I spend hours making them.
Anyone dressing up as Rick for Halloween this year??? Tweet your pics !
Reading submissions! If you haven't heard from us yet, don't worry - you will!
If I had magic ET fingers, I'd not only revive my little tablet but also upgrade it to a higher level of android
when that behind tint vol 3 droppin?
' I shouldn't ever be in same state as A. Huber Selig (aka aka 'BS'/'Bud'). I've got ZERO plausible deniability otherwise...
oh Patrick Mills having another good night
Renee & Shari got some new outdoor furniture and they look like they don't know how to arrange the tables & chairs - they need my help.
I defy the universe to disrupt this pork chop I'm eating for lunch on my birthday. Universe, you are hereby defied.
may be the kewlest person I know
Have fun my friend!!! :)
i miss walking around with at all hours of the night having a blast at the park or jut chillin in the car
just a bit. It started shocking people so I took the hint and opened it up.
the beer was excellent.
If only you saw what I can see You'll understand why I want you so desperately...<U+2665>
. Notice how kids today have no attention span? Too busy watching 19h38m of Harry Potter
can u give me a shout out on my birthday on saturday !!
Definitely a night to remember...
i will do unforgivable things if you follow me on instragram. Same as the twitter name.
when you cry yourself to sleep.</3
seriously. Have I scarred you from RTD for life?!?
AWW! Busy, but a lull is near! I owe us a recipe for the June swap!
Liam&Danielle are the most cutest thing ever!-Kelly
Going to be another #epic weekend
Running at 6:30am seems silly. Perhaps you should come enjoy a latte at instead of working so hard. The jazz is on me.
Just 12 more days until the early bird special is over! Have you registered for Little Miss Beautiful Hue America yet?
Poised Creation in Las Vegas would like to pay homage!!
you too, its double for u this year. :)
Bj penn vs will be a good fight
I hate that people are defined less by who they are and more by what they do (occupation). It's a truly stupid question.
WE are all about LOVING a GOD that LOVES PEOPLE!!
finally home.. Thanking the good Lord above!! #crappyday :((
i wonder if will see this & RT or follow or something!!! lol
: talk by made me stop see and hear the 3 empires in a whole new way, thanks for telling me about it
What is everyone working on today?
nothing yet
Do not make plans or promises if it is not guaranteed...
Thanks for the RT, darlin'. How are you?
Sharp Snipe!
Hope You have a very Happy Halloween! :-)
Have yo already signed up for Draftstreet before? That would be the only hold up. If so, I can have them connect with you
so i just gotta say, i love ur tweets:)
thanks!! We can't wait to see you back at the ranch...
yea, they got me son
A lyrical rhyme for your future use: mashuppy, hushpuppy. You're welcome.
that looks delicious. Lol
foooooookolha im fooohivany where r u
Recording drums coupled with a midnight showing of twilight
Had such a great time with Babbie Mason today and with the guys at WMVV, and on Atlanta Live last night - love their hearts for the Lord!
260 Deals have been purchased for our 2nd season of Holiday Lights Tours through the Naples Canal!! So exciting!
follow back
Please follow :) les dará follow back :B , she is DIRECTIONER :) siganla :D eso. :L
Trey's presentation got the whole Class dying. Ahh what a funny boy.
And one... Good play by the #LAkers Bigs
Haha I have a lot of posters but it's not like that >.> that's creepy!!
I 2nd that the spirit of bob marley is always here!
get to st. Louis today foo.
S/o to the nigga out there chopping his check up four ways but only got one kid by the bitch,keep up the bum work
RT : Monday, but it's a bank holiday so it feels like the weekend. <So today is your Sunday... Enjoy!
Wow is this a joke
Thanks for the follow. I'd love to chat sometime.
Talking travel with the pro's -- I've got an awesome job:)
Who ever gave me that mini bottle was a saint! I love that tiny little thing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Is Mighty Taco really worth it? Never been. Seems kind of hard to mess up a taco though. Taco shell + beef + sadness = Taco.
Nina Totenberg presents Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Res Play to Mitchell Hebert, AFTER THE FALL
im addicted to Flan and i dont know why
Aw shuckss, I was trying so hard too
lol i wanna see her too but i gotta make sure everything in place be4 she come
I really regret not buying that Hello Kitty coin purse... :/.
Variety calls our World Premiere of #MonkeyAdored "One of the most captivating attractions around right now."
Be beautiful,black,and sexy!!
is my inspiration.<3
I realize this is an airport and so the only thing they can legally put on the TVs is sports and news [+]
time lunch
I don't like those odds.
I dare say I like your choice of photo for the contest!
Thanks for the follow and stay social
But with Kobe marking Westbrook, who checks Harden? Ron is tied up with Durant.
MUSIC IS A WEAPON LIVE! TUESDAY NITE Followed by JJ Contramus Dj set:) $2 Wells & PBR! Propaganda 6 S. J Street Lake Worth, FL
Umm, yeah. My last RT was crap. I can't find how to delete it easily so I've come here to say it was wrong. SMH
nothng like success
Don't bring any rain! Tweet, tweet!
why did they bring the charlie angels show back with the same type of flow - three female angels. men can be agels too.
The definition of the problem that ends the piece is profound, a highly nutritious kernel for thought. Thanks for this.
Cool! Despite popular reservations, I'm really excited about possibilities w/ Cloud computing.You should blog about this!
Breakfast at 6:45. Job site visits till 10. Then heading to corporate.
Hah, you should hear how mad I get. I'm like that faggot on the other teams using the M16!
lol kick ass, will do
I don't know
Looking forward to seeing you next Tues @ FREE show @ 5:30 @ Center Plaza. FREE beer 2. Sunny skies/72 degrees in the forecast.
Taco heaven! Babe did the damn thing...
I'm doing the #fivefivedollarboycott for
I now officially waddle. T-minus 2 weeks and counting!!!
Thanks for your valuable updates on this tragic event. Tuning in now to the press conference.
Thanks, John! Great weekend to you.
him and the cheese, Travis Henry...best duo ever
Wagons east!
I have that effect on people RT “: so I've been awake since 3 AM and I'm somehow now out with ”
thanks to my life will never be the same.
sorry we broke up...
Sherwood or Torres? EntertoWin trip for 2 to #GlenHelen for Motocross & find out! FOLLOW to enter!
Hate when I shower after the gym & my towel is still damp from the am
US #wine exports reach record levels as a weak $ made US wines more affordable and led to $1.3 billion in overseas sales last year, up $200m
Yeah, I checked! Not following and had to re-follow. Twitter is clearly alive and a Mean Girl.
On my way to Miami to meet with ! Sad to not be at the , don't miss me too much !
did you see the pic of us from GSLIS After Dark? my, we are handsomes.
Great suggestions on finding the perfect colors for your home. We have similar ideas.
We have a Groupon massage special coming out tomorrow!
If u ever get the chance talk with someone 70 plus. Guarantee these old timers can teach u about good old fashioned hustle
Just finished day two at SharePoint Pro 2010 Summit & Expo. Better Silverlight integration provides richer user experience. Good stuff.
Quick stop in Compton
Setting up a new media program? Want to be a new media director? Come learn how in Room F with and
“: Meryl, did she just hit the help? #oscars #tweetroast” best tweet of the night!
The only thing keeping me from driving off this bridge is the insurance rate increase if I survive
Ever seen some really bad plastic surgery results? That's kind of what your home is headed for if you hire the wrong contractor.
I kinda want those glowing mouse ears...lame? the mix!
Charlie's tweets about me(:
If I didn't already have a job I'd work for you! You're one of the best cc/
For sure, with a better plan on receiving donation towards our cause.
": dont worry baby it is and thank you so much. ur cute and charming *blushing*" what's up baby girl...
There's nothing a little Modest Mouse can't solve.
you can do it!! *Rob Schneider voice*
I would totally have a heart attack if this happened to me. Glad it's fixed now! :)
#miketomlin is the man
awesome! Thanks!:)
Being single does not mean no one wants you, it means God is busy writing your love story.
Is anyone awake right now?!
yea u did
Deserves 10 games.
The Democrats and Republicans split the Orlando City Council races, two for each. No runoff election in those races.
i cant go outside this house is to f..king small
Congrats to ! We followed her #bostonmarathon race online. Great Job!!
": I think I can understand why kids love theme park! " blow my dick on a rollercoaster bitch
Hoping my all my new Orleans fam is safe at Mardi Gras
J.D. Power says iPhone is the most satisfying smart phone. I think we all knew that. Bless the Wackberry users.
Good Friday morning Tweets and Fbs!!
Wow, this is fantastic! Would you be willing to share more with us? Can you email me at ? Thanks!
I'm lucky I put a bra and shoes on to be honest. Haha
Yes, yes I do!
your tat is dope bro . . .
W.ChadTheBailGuy.com I love helping people. No one beats me!!! I am the guy.
A card with a "booger" in it from my husband. It was glue made to look like it. Horrible! Swagname: useurdifference
Sittin with my brother while he records some covers of Zac Brown Band.. he's so talented
"but if home is where the heart is, my heart is at a distance..." <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A0>
Seriously!!!! I hate it. There is no way I'm gonna be satisfied with how this ends......
Happy Bday, hope you enjoy it...
This prom queen nomination should totally turn Quinn's life around.
My Mardi Gras dog costume caused swimmers ear which turned to infection in my reconstructed eardrum
im good at work chillin wyd
going to look..
There's just something about the song Enchanted by that makes it so magical. It's one of my favorite songs of all time. <3
Suzanne Collins, writer of #HungerGames, also wrote Clarissa Explains it All. Mind blown.
- Great article! True guide for all men...
Why do moms celebrate their babies monthly birthdays... I don't get it.
Johnson's artwork has been exhibited at the Oakland Museum Of California & the Mills College Museum
Wolverine is the Batman and Robin of the X-Men franchise. Surprised it didn't kill the franchise.
#AMovieToDescribeMyEx Star Wars Episode I: Revenge of the Sith
the fly was gone when i came in this morning. i imagine it will be back at some point :)
Its and Irish Slave owners name, this might be a challenge hahaha
Polo to tha floor!!!
FOX NEWS Just finished covering the SPURS practice. The game is 2night on CW35 and the rest spurs will go 4 a win 2night
Figured out what was on the mysterious hard drive that arrived in my mail.
we both picked the same game wrong
At the end of 3 quarters, the score remains 17-3 Destroyers
I like to have a git commit log of all writes to my DB :)
Ikr. I'm tring to get a solid booking contact Ppl be tring to ripoff n they on some sugar cookie shit
I love justin bieber but this girl selena gomez needs to get out the crew the fans will always love him I'm not hater tho!!!
It Was..Okayy! lmao Nahh But I Had A Good Time. Met A Lot Of Amazing People. It Was Good, & Thank You.
If you end up w/one after *all* attendees have had the opportunity... would love. Very nice work!
"Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind."
dont u hate it when the people u love make u wanna poor gasoline on ur self and light a match????
“: That is officially the worst call I've seen this tournament. Fabulous defensive play gets called for a 3-shot foul.”
haha the funny thing is I was going for the Kermit look! ...not really.
hearing michael kay's voice just makes me happy.
My hopes of having an evening out that does not involve Flanny's has been dashed. Fuck it. There is the mystery of comic girls of the Inner.
!!!!!! RT : Um Ron Artest is just one big DUMB MUTHAFUCKA.
he was all "I felt like a caged lion"
Stressed out, tired...Lighten up the day with some hookah tonight with some friends.
#Iwannabe an OMG Girl with all my heart.!
Cyfalls RT : Cy Springs legend Clint Everts pitched the 9th for the Blue Jays today vs Astros. Tough time staying healthy.
cmon Shefty!!!! Show the Mile High some LOVE!!! Go Nuggets!
well we look forward to your return
Oh that look like whats her name, chances are thats wats her name
Awesome! What was your favorite wine? RT! --> ": Amazing wines from Croatia and Slovenia and superb food "
play here in Toledo in seven days. Exactly ONE week. Whose ready to mosh?
First night of camp and feeling like this :/
EPA has levied four pollution actions in Lower Valley - Yakima Herald-Republic
just missed a fantastic opportunity to say "butt-ending"
I feel you lady, I have concluded that spirituality is linked to God and religion is linked to man.
-- A 6-year-old climbed into a balloon-like experimental aircraft built by his parents and floated into the Colorado sky.
Nicole Kidman and Aaron Eckhart! - SAG screening of Rabbit Hole tonight :-)
what's up..how are you?
I'm looking for a no-sugar-added strawberry jam recipe?? Does such a thing exist?
Knowing that Austin is having the time of his life right, now makes me happy. I love seeing him happy :)
what is the "skype" equivalent in the healthcare space?
#girlbyenotwiththem nails that's crying for a fill-in
They abstained. Al Davis is a clown show
yo girl what you up to?? haha
BTW, you should totally use your thought on BB as subtext for someone's view on relationship/marriage.
Hello everyone :)
...but then there's also "Group Genius" Check out the book by Keith Sawyer
it was fun :)
I know the program option will win the vote -- but I'm stuck on how its not always possible to negot. the physical space bit.
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld Clueless and Breakfast at Tiffany's.
#sacscoc End of general session.
Happy #AmeriCorpsWeek. Great to be celebrating service this week!
#realmadrid no matter who you sign you're still mercenaries and less than the sum of your parts. Eat my butthole!
yes definitely :) i'll message you on tumblr about it tomorrow!
I want to put on a shirt that says 'life' and starting handing out lemons.
Can't watch that right now or else I'll be home cooking it for lunch AGAIN today!
At first I actually wasn't sure if that shit WAS cray, but now I'm like, "Wait a minute... I think that shit is maybe a little cray" lol.
What's on your to-do list for the house?
I love my friends but when you hang out w the same ppl for too long they get annoying ! >.< blah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
#ff my brother in law He is a huge #Packers fan and new to twitter. He needs a welcome from #PackerNation!!
True, but no swearing, or sexual talk on RTB. On anything goes.
Obesity figures are troubling. New trends need to be countered in some way.
you think I'm lying to you?
Off them take hurt in walk you shoes the if.
I don't like it when ppl snap at me.
maybe i'm just blabbering haha, but lately thats how i feel
he is 3 years older than Pat Richter!!!!
I will do the Nationals, I agree- good idea. Thanks for sending out my link!
RT : Beard Awards: Daniel Humm (11Madison Park) wins our country's best chef. Gives wonderful tribute to his mentor, D Meyer
Likelihood of the elevator going out increases when you've done legs at the gym & picked up both dry cleaning & groceries on the way home.
HOUSTON: THE GHOST INSIDE w/ First Blood, A Loss For Words, Deez Nuts, Hundredth, Myth & Legend, Floating Man TONIGHT @ ShadowPlay Lounge!
Woah, that was strange - I thought I was back in Google for the last hour... oh wait, I was! :)
That awkward moment when you get unfollowed by one of your favorite people, unbeknownst to them obviously.
Nursing Assistants, Tutoring available 4 theory and clinical skills. Contact Us 2Day.
me and Pablo are going to try and get into the 8 pm show on to night. Even though it's sold out.
I'll try not to embarrass myself by asking ridiculous questions about where gets his ideas. My own answer involves gulping.
Best brands build direct relationship with customers. Best publishers should do the same. Mitch Joel
I hear ya...me too.
When your aunt starts singing happy birthday to you in Spanish>>>>>>>>> :D
actually its two squirrels. Or website www.wherethehottiesat.com
I hate music that has NO lyrical content.. ugh
I won't be able to stay up for your b-day, so I wanted to say I love your music, and your such a inspiration to me.:) H ...
#running somewhere around 2:50. Not what I wanted but happy it is finished.
My skin crawls when people refer to their work as something they "own" or "manage". I'm a custodian, caregiver, janitor; not a dictator.
Woke up to my bed shaking & I know there's no construction on saturday.. Anyone else feel that?
RIGHT DOWN THE STREET. like 30 seconds away -_-
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: One FREE 24" Push Broom with a $50.00 Hardware Store purchase at our Riverwest location. Spring Cleaning anyone???
I eat kisses and drink pepsi for breakfast
Words' chat is down for me. So 1. No other story, just that anecdote. And 2. MOAR VOWELZ PLZ.
I miss him so much!
Chill your nips like seriously..
yes indeed :)
You have until 5p to RT for a chance to win a $10 gift certificate for food & beverage on your next visit to the
Nature Photography traveled to the today, getting the iMax experience.
Bynum showing no effort getting up and down the court. Better on offense but where is he on defense?
#honored - thanks man
Not unless they're jumping ship.
an honor to be in the collective wellbeing camp with you! <3 <3 <3
Web browser deployable and high performance? I am open to other technology choices. What do you prefer?
How is the book coming? Perhaps something would enjoy reading as well.
can I be picky and only invite my favorite burgers?
I'm right next to you your :b
Throw your dreams into space like a kite. U do not know what it will bring back. A new life/a new friend/a new love/a new country.Anais Nin
ok, but no promises. Once my motor gets running, it has a mind of its own
-smiles back at you-
is already taken. We will switch to next year. When we switch, followers are unaffected.
The brand new edition of my hope begins in the dark book, with all-new stories of lymphoma survivors, is here! email me at .com
let me know how u did I'm supposed to go sat.
Thanks for sharing.
Whos bored other than me?
that seems inappropriate for AZ #centennial . PS its Oregon's B-day too!
Consuming 1.5 burritoes is exactly how I feel.
i think #shitthenannydoes is your The Help bestseller.
Out of the office she goes
they rock.. no doubt about it.
Enjoy the quiet then; life's challenge is to enjoy what is, and is to come. The Irish, of which NYC is full, are full of life.
CAN'T WAIT TO MOVE FROM MIAMI I LOVE MY CITY BUT NOT CRIMES AND VIOLENCE THAT'S IN IT
There is a difference between truth and facts.
Get prepared for "Very Dangerous Weather" here in Virginia
we have one, but we don't promote it as much as we should, it is basically our tweets, in the future it will be better!
NBC: Worst announcers of all time for sports Oh no it's Collinsworth...
"Yoga is the cessation of mind." ~ Maharishi Patanjali - Patanjali is the seer who cognized Yoga.
Hell yeah! What band are you in? Better hook us up with a show soon!
Who's goin to Georgia State? Lookin for room mates or ppl who wanna get an apartment
#whydohoes have to laugh like that?
W/ Biz study, don't parrot jargon or cliches. Form authentic thoughts and you'll absorb and build upon new knowledge better.
Colleen, Uli, and I miss you
Sounds like work. No.
aha hell yea , i use to ALWAYS get in trouble .. those were the days
Ohh baby are we ever... we're a starting pitcher and a DH away from a world series in my opinion.
You more of a bitch than a bitch
That's another great feature - it auto-generates parent access codes
Yes I promise! I think you will love it
some gods some masters
i love you all!!!!
Well then give me some love and don't come at me all wrong, look back at the time when you were new.
It is rarely a goog thing for someone to tell you that "you look tired" but better then "you look dead." Staying positive as a way of life.
(Byrannnnnnnnn) lol now im off to bed
Good morning Tweepies! :)
Short bus -__-
Do you know someone on facebook that should like us?? Share a link and we will be forever grateful! We are also on twitter
Someone should write a play where the set is built during the play. You're welcome.
Thinking about attending #RootsTech but not thrilled about flying from warm Florida to cold/snowy SLC in February :-)
#NFL schedule is up! Which game should we hit up first: #49ers at #Packers or #Steelers at #Broncos? Lambeau or Mile High? Tough call...
Not true. They also do the "bring it" face expression.
Etsy chat doesn't seem to work for me, PW gets me traffic, no idea though of sales, not much if any
she looks delicious.
did you hear about reported gunman at vatech?
Man, I'm gonna add my little bit this summer, see how much I can help, & hope it makes a small difference.
Yes, thank you! We really appreciate the support! <3
Did you just say Boop? uh
I won't be at the pub tonight, but the Spanish speaking channels are like 270-274 on our satellite. Tell Kenny to put it on for u
My book isn't arriving for a while. I guess I'll wait. :)
thanks for the follow
YOU PEOPLE!?!..lol..
his eyebrows are sex
miss sass pants!
Today is a good day and I would like to thank all who made it possible.
I'm Never Putting You Down Beast Bestie ' <3
I am extremely hungry
Let's have a party and learn socially together! I'll bring the margaritas!
why do you love me
I thought you was going to bed? Don't be pressed by nonsense. Put your faith in God and he will see you through.
gosh, doesn't that just push all of your wrong buttons?
Ladies and Gentlemen, our Twitter follower of the week goes to ! You Rock!
Happy Easter everyone!!!!!! :) god bless you all!!!!
Its okay! :D
If you look in the mirror and don't like what you see, put on some fucking make up.
Lacking motivation today...
I have alot of twitter fans Happy you back. Follow aka ...
YMCMB = YOUNG MONEY CASH MONEY BILLIONAIRES.
It's a dirty job! But some one has to do it!! #hopefullytheylearn ..... you are hearing me but are you listening?
Laugh out loud bk sounds great! : 's new book #MostTalkative very funny laughed out loud a lot.perfect for summer
Psssssh, no way!
he's freaking hilarious. Lmfao.
Yes, we'll have tickets at the door tonight for The Sea and Cake + Lia Ices - show starts at 8pm!
Waiting for to get here already!
happy birthday sissy :)) !!!
I wonder how feels right now...</3
15 Trillion is extreme.
''The only reason why you get facebook likes,it's because your profile picture is looking whorish''lmao,that made me laugh.
This is one of the most dramatic #EPL days ever. I'm going to need a drink soon. I don't care if it's not noon yet.
No i am not your friend! I never was!
That's correct. RT : Did Aoki just walk up to "Right Round" by Flo Rida?
Transition to real estate investor and gaining personal freedom, doing short sales, starting over to build permanent wealth in my life.
oh, of course.
At the bar I was coerced to choose which team I was a fan of. Said I'd choose the closest team to Cedar Grove, so by 1 mile I'm a #duke fan
The mash-up photo freaks me out. At first glance, looks like the girl from The Ring. <shudder>
Headed to the funeral at 2pm New Mexico time. Please keep the Knowlton family in your prayers... Thank you!
Flyers will need to capitalize on these PP. Nicely done by Giroux/Hartnell there.
GRN hosted an amazing event last night at Grayhawk Golf Course with the Southwest Section PGA, GRN Agents, Golf Pros and Partners
game predictions on the carolina nebraska game? I've got 50 on it
Local surfwear firm dresses Olympics water polo team - OCRegister
I take my wife everywhere, but she keeps finding her way back ~ Henry Youngman
btw, you can't say no unless you have a really good reason. Hehe
Are Pet Psychics Real? Many people claim to be able to communicate psychically with animals, but what does the evidence show?
We cant wait to see you! “: so for dinner/lunch”
At the LATFOB this weekend inspired by ,
Electronic resources you didn't know existed: The Handbook of
Hmm was corrected to Buckhingham, ON (valley) - which is why we felt it so bad here I guess - not far
I'm so over the shit people do . Just leave me the fuck alone like seriously . Like damn . Fuck you stupid bitch !
Holidays are for the weak of heart.
Damn I hate how plane tickets cost way more now to fly out anywhere. Guess I got to reconsider on taking a greyhound 2 Spokane next week Smh
Kettlebell, abs then a run.
You a lier , but it's okay I'm used to pathetic people .
Thanks to all who came out tonight! Great times were had.
yeah for sure
Stay hydrated!
+1 RT : Still moping about the loss.
Muncie here I come
Sleeping? Not likely. RT : Sleeping to
the conflict between going outside and watching this knicks game is resolved by watching with windows open
That's part of it... but having watched it a few times now, they missed a lot of good looks early.
Gingrich, Romney on Dream Act: No citizenship if you go to college, yes if you join the military. Read books? Fuck you! Shoot well? Welcome!
okay okay! I'll talk to my mom when I get home!! Because I really want to come! <U+E056>
you heading back
If we're growing, we're always going to be out of our comfort zone. -- John Maxwell
“: Niggas wanna talk? What they gonna say?” I hit that pedal till that mo'fucker break .
thanks for the follow!
The roof repair going on right above my office is really helping me concentrate.
Hi Nice article! Do you think Skype can be a great platform for #educational institutions to enhance #learning?
hello love!!!
I bet it is announced at WWDC when that happens in june or july.
Anyone else feeling champagne right now?
. now discussing LMNL, an experimental markup language with different affordances from XML. Particularly handling overlap
Goddamnit, David Tennant is getting married today.
The utilities section of the is officially my most fertile source of procrastination.
Also says to love and not to judge. Just pray for him and his family, Matt.
We love when members visit--you won't be disappointed with the awesome work of &
Always have an extra pair of socks
If I'm giving you one word answers I obviously don't want to talk to you. Dumb fuck.
Sex aint bettr than love but love dnt do nuthn but cause pain
No Inge..where have I heard that one before? Oh yeah, #Tigers didn't have Inge offensively the last three years before he left
This fucking rules.
Check out the new Cow spotters album from XLVI week!
WE WOULD LIKE A FOLLOWER SHOUT OUT ! :D PLEASE ?
RT Be jealous of yourself
Kameron Lowe being sent into a thankless shitstorm? I'm shocked...
It's a bid system.
You Can't Explain Something To Somebody If They Don't Want To Listen.
Wow you guys are tall but pretty^-^! I can't reach my coffee at Starbucks sometimes and it's embarrassing XD
Just kidding feel free. And bring <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A>. And <U+2615>. No, <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>. And an eggplant <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0086>
Haha yeah sitting on the patio, sipping a rum and coke and listening to the brewers game
lol high school fights are gay Shannon!
I watched the entire speech. You have an awesome Senator.
I cant wait untill #WeStandofficialVideo #friday ft I hope this video will make a big change
he gave me the communist manifesto for my 16th birthday. he said "have you heard of the velvet underground?"
..me too abt returns.. Jackie is supa messy..
see all of you on here tomorrow. good night. i'm feeling sleepy.
What does "to be fair" mean? FWIW, I don't mind being an etcetera.
Lol gotta love
Lakers wasn't expect that. Wow
Robin says holographic storage maybe reborn
What's up with the porn chicks all of a sudden 'following' me? Ladies, I am so not interested in your tweety-spam.
I dread getting the results of that test
#winning RT : Whoever flagged the fake tweet is disrupting today's impromptu twitter class on fakery and disruption.
Blake Griffin has just used Pau Gasol as a 7 foot tall prop to hurdle over for the second time tonight
still haven't finished my project...
R.I.P. Steve Jobs, few people in the world share your talent, passion, and innovation.
Zai talking bout he found a friend on Facebook? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
you mad some amazing clear-outs, like the one near the end. But when we got tense, only got stronger.
yes sir. What is your favorite burger?
doing so now.
so we can't show are face
School em Doug... what a clown! Lmao
Cant wait! RT Looking forward 2 this! Iron & Wine 2 headline Old Settler's Festival austin360.com/blogs/content/… via
thanks so much Naomi! I'd love to connect sometime if you're free :)
worst nightmare RT: went for a run. ran face-first into a pigeon. vomited.
Soo if there is someone booked to be in this seat, I'm supposed to move to mime after this heffa has stood in it to put her luggage up.
I miss mi amor
Huh. Trantasia on TLC isn't at all like Fantasia. Not even a little. Walt Disney would be so confused, I hope.
YOU'RE INSECURE, DON'T KNOW WHAT FOR?
My day has been all about lines. Airport lines, Starbucks lines and car rental lines. Patience is being tested today.
Man. I gotta get that paper. Where is the door? I need to find the go. Where is the "go"?
Still tired from that crazy weekend...
At the UT commencement ceremony. I was committed to go here and changed my mind to go to Strange to think of how diff it would be
Love seeing/hearing Snapper calling part of the game,
That's so embarrassing for her
OK, thanks for clarity. My mom had Alzheimer's--IT WAS THE GREATEST GIFT OF MY!
If hunger is not the problem, then eating is not the solution
Yeah I was right #notfun night.
Good God, Steve. I think you caught someone's bad luck. :/
Guys are the most confusing people on the face of the earth. It's a fact
Shout out to the peeps....from last status I just did....I'm still trippin off the reaction
Hey iAppreciate it!
From Graffiti to Garfunkel
great suggestion! We'd love to bring it back, stay posted!
Great idea!
Got a job, got another job, got another job, quit one job, have two jobs.
Will do, thanks for sending and enjoy your evening.
Heat turned it up!
Just released a lot of built up energy at the gym, sore as hell now.
trust me nigga, I DO lol
#computernerd01 !!! YOU'RE WELCOME JOSH HAHA
Playing Sunset Towers (Tower Bar) tonight, in duo, 7:30. I'll look for signs of the Vanity Fair Oscar party...
Worked on edits from photography shoot.
Steven Lenhart is a goon and a fraud,..... Hey MLS suspend that flop artist already!
Those people you see and tell your buddy "why's your cousin wearing that outfit?" lmfaoo
you don't shake hands during series, you do it game one at tip n after its over. One those unwritten rules
I just seen a girl in a Girls Gone Wild costume, is that really costume a girl at IU Bloomington really should be wearing?
": grab somebody sexy tell them HEY((;" ha that's the business ;]
You're happiest while you're making the greatest contribution.
how about you keep to science related topics instead of sports? Okay? Thanks.
Heading to MOCA at reception in my honor by Dade County commissioner Jean Monestime and mayor Andre Pierre of N. Miami
Mistake tweet
yeah ! /: He should go to Clearwater beach on Sunday ;b
Nice & warm at LSP. Make sure you get out here tonight!
P.pressley is a boss
Thanks as always - enjoy your week! The Chic'
Why isn't talking to me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA> hella makes me sad
So glad I brought my dinner. Gonna be a late night in the studio.
Wow, guess I've been MIA for a while. Hi!
I know, I've been very busy too just had to check in with
cool(: haha soo what are you doing?
Marinated chicken today in toasted sesame salad dressing and grilling tonight. Easy dinner with rice and veggie on the side.
What song is stuck in your head?
ya kno I was up at 8 and had some coffee packed up my shit and said hey WWAED (what would aunt Elena do) so I curled the hair
Great show w/Billy Block last night. Dustin Wilkes rocks! 2 days left to vote. WE NEED YOU!!! www.refresheverything.com/operationsoundoff
I wish I had enough energy to bask in the morning son. <3
Imma try to go tomorrow too.
!!!! RT : I'm fully convinced I'm hilarious.
I would love to see UL UK rematch
We are investigating this as we saw them also
"Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple." -Dr. Seuss (The questions don't have to be complicated!)
maybe you should watch something else :)
We are back on Twitter!!
a good night tweet sounds nice right now(: pleasseee?
Excited to be going to Woodfire Grill tonight. (with Robbin)
Now on to the WM graduation...
gumbo deficiency.
#projectX is pretty funny, but is was more baddass then anything else..
your luckt u get to see them
lol I thought everyone called him that....
im trying to find out from people but no one has tweeted me back about it
Newark Pride Alliance family reminds you that #love and #life will prevail despite the prevalence of intolerance and loss
In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love. ~Mother Teresa
#goodnight world.
dude I'm sorry I've had much better luck w that got it at least 3x (helps that my wife lets me take it from her).
Omg, followed me back... Drinks after work, Roger (or during...)?
.... I'm confused but ok. Ahaha
American Reunion!!!!
Some one text me anyone D:
"Social traffic is better than search traffic" -Steinberg, buzzfeed prez Facebook vs. Google also says slow hiring growth=red flag
I have to watch my lil bro today but hey I get $20 for it
“: We love sports because of its ability to surprise us. Thank you, Jeremy Lin.” agree!
Welcome! RT Very pleased with our decision to move our DNS hosting to 9 domains moved over so far, only 202 to go!
see u there w
Watch out! I smell an upset. “: “… the other guy wakes up at 5 in the morning to talk [expletive] and work out.””
Okay they're back. Crisis averted. Netflix watching can commence.
And now the crying has stopped, but the nativity scene wise men are fighting over who gets to be captain America and who gets to be Dr. Doom
is this you Lore you look beautiful
RT 5 yrs ago we developed micro sites. Today this doesnt work, we put the message where the people are #socialmedia sites
#GirlsFavoriteLine "Suck my dick"
*kicks your face* t-____-t
Ive found twitter to be far more effective than facebook. twitter=hard earned followers, facebook=market to friends. thoughts?
Thx for being here RT : D. Cohen speaking at #cysummit 17 cities have teams. Including Miami!
free throws are just as good as the store-bought kind
A bit sad, the kids don't believe in Santa-9 y.o. says: "No land at north pole, so no Santa. If NP had any people, they'd be scientists."
Hahaha!(: now that I'm a MAHOMIE everywhere I go in San Antonio I creep to see if Austin and alex are where I am!(: l
Guys someone bring me food, I'd love you forever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
such a simple yet powerful phrase and yes "I WAS born this way" the Monster Ball was life changing, if you haven't seen it YOU MUST!
Wow. They like the Badgers that much? Probably 18-21 range in the polls tomorrow?
are you serious...? lol you really need to watch the whole thing, its so good.
Did you hear the good news?!
hustlas got no time for a cut im us lettin it grow
I updated the iPhone/iPad version of candytunes so it can play audio while its in the background.
forget & forgive. love & laugh. smile & live. for life is short and we r never promised tomorrow. :)
finally going to see the NYC protests today. will report back with observations.
oh i know! but fully clothed.....<3
Read new interviews with #Community stars Jim Rash & Gillian Jacobs, #RookieBlue star Lyriq Bent, and many more!
me too I just wish I could watch it!
You obviously just had too much fun at #smbmad this morning
"i hate Mindlezz Behavior" "I hate mindless bhavior "i hate mindlezz Behvior" Ok well as long as you dont hate Mindless Behavior <3
Who the fuck is this team and where are my #orioles ? Go O's!
“: Big win last night for the ! you guys must have been good luck! #BeatLA” let's do it again tmr!
love your tweets and thoughts. Let the critics unfollow...
Even for someone who cleans his apt regularly, once you move all your stuff out you find out how not clean your place actually was.
whats so crazy is that just yesterday me n was sayin how #Iggy is overrated! oops
Looks like California got some snow at low elevations. Reminds me of when I lived in Cleveland...hard to drive in the snow...I forget.
Amber was a sensuous lover, and she's rumored to have later become a stripper. I've always picked 'em right!
Wanting somebody to twt me so bad. Somebody??plweasssseeeee *Bretana*
Great movie! OK. Here is what you should do: 1) Keep watching that movie. 2) Move to DC. Yes?
Let's be Klout friends!
thanks for the love sister! Xoxo
have an awesome week!
im at work right now...
Just got engaged? I'm your future wedding photographer! 2011 weddings are booking!
That's a good lookin' book, Eleanor. Congrats!
"s/he" is to "he or she" as ______ is to "click or tap"
my phone is racist, it finishes any thing ni to nigga and not allowed to and minorities popped in. dam you microsoft!!
. Hadn't heard of the E. T. Very interesting to think of how much more challenging that would be.
#WhileInARelationship don't rush the little moments&enjoy every single day w/ your loved one.Even falling asleep while reading is priceless.
Feels great going back to the gym.
Word up! RT : "If you don't risk anything you risk even more." - Erica Jong
Men are the best cooks. Because with two eggs, one sausage and a little bit of milk, he can fill a girl's tummy for nine months.
thank you for the RT :)
Im bout to start cookin again this fast food taste worse every time..
Thank 2 everyone who came out last night a lot of love and support 4 ur Boi Dj paul X
Am I missing a tooth?
When your room décor is just a little too boring, try adding a funky lamp or switching your lampshade for something colorful and textured!
(signing off...) [recap later] thx for listening
And spandex
I will have two grilled cheese waiting for both of you on the 7th. Maybe a side salad with ranch hah
I gotta get on my A game...don't matter how it happens
has anyone seen Apollo 18? Is the film worth watching ?
Thanks I was really worried about this issue (panera) and now I can focus on my day because I am informed :-) Ha!
Today on #HealthfulIndianFlavorsWithAlamelu, Shrimp in Eggplant Sauce and a versatile Potato Masala. On at 12:30PM on MPTV 10.
this app is kinda wierd lol i'm going to get used to it later though :)
RT TheOzPrinciple: What you are getting is what you create accountability for.
Please place statements on your products encouraging youth to stay in school, do better, and graduate.
NEW ICON(:
Love the fact all questions Starbucks in office get directed 2 me... Wondering if my Starbucks status is getting as godly as 's?
Delayed #FF follow // Great advice for staying healthy from ppl who truly care about others.
#uwmgec1 first startup workshop class at UW-Milwaukee launches next week - launching more companies!
#wordoftheday Foible (n) a minor weakness or an idiosyncrasy in someone's character. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm
Any producers looking for a hit record? I placed my submission to Blazetrak weeks ago & still have yet to hear back.
watching it in my hotel room. Tough break should have won in regulation.
I NEED A BF
I love being happy!< 3 (:
omg I had a glorious feast there once, when it was like a 4-course meal for $15...it had unlimited cheddar biscuits
Had my mom french braid my hair... Its been a while since the last time she did my hair
it does for now, until my superhuman strength destroys it once more. will do =)
He was great in front of their coaches last week in Vegas! “: Princeton has offered 2013 Hunter Myers of Nevada Wolverines
Hieber’s Pharmacy compounds effective medications for Fibromyalgia and Myofascial Pain – call if your treatment isn’t working!
“He that divines the secret of my music is freed from the unhappiness that haunts the whole world of men.” Beethoven (1770-1827)
Everyone please google "do a barrel roll" ... enjoy!!!!
Maya Rudolph just added 10 years when she got dressed. Maybe 20.
GO FOLLOW HE FOLLOWS BACK 100% :) ;)
come over tomorrow!
There is a Japanese girl in front of me in line wearing a shirt that says "everybody loves an Irish girl." I don't buy it.
Haha, he's in a big black suburban
great, I'm really glad to hear it.
Go Tyler!!
you better! :)
Unfortunately, we are not taught the five principles of healthy relationships instead they are learned by trial and error
Did you know Benjamin Franklin, Isaac Newton, Charles Dickens and Winston Churchill all suffered from insomnia?
The aesthetic of the ancient Greeks is a technological sublime that is not afraid to include failure in its "calculations."
Wednesdays, 5-10pm, $15 select wines! Can't finish your bottle? No worries! #MD let's you recork & take home :)
I'm really curious how she knows me and why she's stalking me lol
On this date in 1962 ‘Mashed Potato Time by Dee Dee Sharp was #1 on the charts. We <3 anything food related ;)
Had a really great night last night and then today sucked and I did way too much. why cant anything go right
thanks for playing virtual may day. *ring* here is your basket of tulips
Just made my first chevre, can't wait for it to be done. Thanks for the great class
Kate Upton is beautiful!
Emily is here the rest of the night. We'd love to see you!
video idea: young women in the woods with weird voices in urban outfitters couture maybe a horse or mystery ritual or mystery language text
Tanning and pizza retrieval! Going to be a good night :)
Live within your means. That goes for anything in life.
Working on some new paintings today...I hope.
Feeling horrible
LOL. Excuse you. He is dead. And the doesn't explain why there can't be a trend about him..
Hockey rivalries are the best simply because the teams can beat each other's faces in.
"Thanks so much. Hope you're well, Whitney!! : happy happy bday hope you have a great one"
hey according to you we go back to the Ottoman Empire right - oh thats right the Turks took over land-maybe we go back to
Omg. Beauty Bar. DJ Red Eye. My fave Saturday nights ever. Just beginning.
Ah, the joys of sitting on a Detroit runway for an hour
What to wear to tonight's Évocateur: The Morton Downey Jr. Movie premiere? Tuxedo? Chewbacca costume? Decisions.
Happening on former Guthrie site?
Could use your votes in the Best of the Inlander Contest....
sure thing babe! (: Would you follow me back though?
but why do all the Harry potter fans have to hate on twilight?
Tonight was such an amazing night! I met jaja, and emilio! Love the choreos! It was really chalenging! :D
you better feel my anger...yo behind was going to leave me without a goodbye or nothing hmf!
: my life lacks sparkles without you in it T_T
Want to get your #BOOST your followers?
#njdevils hockey against their bitter rivals. Going to be so fucking intense tonight
following the #rsac #botnet session from Redmond
I know what it means you don't hear it everyday
My whole back is red <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
Tomorrow wasn't promised today I'm bout a dollar
What kind of sick cruel person put SALT in my vitamin water D:
Congrats to SPIN's client, Furbish Co., for its SmartSlope product being named 1 of the Top Ten Green Building Products of 2011
Just found a country version of We Love Like Vampires. That's rad.
We r excited! MT : in Apr I'll transition fr to work w to set up UK Centre for Justice Innovation
Hey I love your pizza, calzones and salads and would love to see what kind of new additions u could add 2 the menu!
The Reds traded him bc they had little invested, scared of relapse, and thought they were robbing Tx.
u do to
"NBA suspends World Peace 7 games for elbow" ... I think this was the real reason he changed his name.
You are so fake. Even without my contacts in. Your blurry smile is still fake.
Just found out my cousin spread some of my Uncle's ashes on the finish line at Suffolk Downs. It beats a boring eternity in the graveyard
not quite, Zusi scored the first, but close
lol i only spoke the truth
dropping off car at shop..like i have $ to fix it now
I've been watching since episode one, but watch it at work on the low, lol! #Huck went #Huckrazy! LOL!
More de Looz: "Intuition is something everybody has & meditation (TM) is a great way to develop it."
Night to all my followers
It worked! I am so creeped out right now!
In "History Museums Are Not Art Museums: Discuss"
using for the first time and having a great experience! Love it that i'm able to just ping the engineers of a product to ask a q :)
Why ask a stupid question, & get mad when you get a smart answer?
"one whined-up metal peacock:" object description found by our coll mgr on some old loan forms. Good laugh for a Friday afternoon
About to do so Hott digity snow boarding. Heck yes
This Sh*t Is Irritating My Dude Im Tryna Make This Work.. But You Dont Care
CC is 16-2 Lifetime vs. O's !!! Marc I think you could catch him tonight & he'd win.
that's awesome/ and the best description I've heard in the past few days!
Yoo-hoooo! #350. It's a great place to be!
Anytime buddy ..
taking couple photos for amber and vaaron
ISO: Graphic Designer (unpaid position, great opportunity to be of a great start-up community project), please pass this info along
Morning! Life's good here. Ran a half marathon on Sun. and now getting back to my writing. How have you been?
Thx very much for the #FollowNow!
you getting a,car?
Battering ram RT": Tough yards right there for Ricky Williams."
Mountaineer love in section 18, row S, seat 5!
People ask me: "How do you get 9,000 volunteers?!" My advice is... Never underestimate the value of a T-shirt... - Fred Lebow
sounds like a plan! - on the plus side, who doesn't like extra sleep?
Im a tired pregnant bitch ! Goodnight #proudmommy <3333
Seeing the shy girl from class hammered dancing on the bar...
thnx chinkarino i actually look good in a pic for once
I'm a rude bitch, and I simply don't give a fuck.
really?! omg, thats great :) ! and what city you are coming in poland? <U+2665>
yup, at the end of the day, family is what is always there for you (and family-like friends).
16? yea yea
Of course, sorry. I wasn't clear. I was more asking what is driving the difference. Channel, league, time slot, etc.
Not to eaves drop but...CINCINNATI is SO excited! Loved The Way!
I hate 8am classes. I seriously cannot wake up before a certain time.
Honorary degree,Doctorate of Humane Letters goes to Dr. Virgil Wood, civil rights activist who worked with Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
oh no! finals?? said hes gone for the next 2 weekends :( well hafta get em first weekend in june!
Let me clarify. Often I feel training does not encourage or help facilitate actual learning. When I think of CPD, I think of ppl
Follow me lol
MUSIC & MOVIES
hatch out of your egg and update your profile pic!
must I think of everything?!
Nobody really understands that McGee is #shitty lol
Ack! I clearly didn't do my homework before responding to that. Cheers!
A BIG Happy Birthday to my best buddy have a great one
I love how the solution to cities having no fiscal authority is to give them less.
Check out Victoria's Secret's sexually suggestive Toronto Blue Jays–branded ... - Toronto Life (blog)
wow rich folks even take cheating to another level, no FB or Twitter trolls for them lol
Enjoyed sleeping in this morning!
Crushing Malbec & Cab Franc today.
Follow my fam and producer makes ANTHEMS
Follow & read his new book In the Arms of Nightmares. I am looking forward to it. Follow if you like serial killer genre!
You are not Google's user you are Google's product being served up to advertisers.
hope you like it! Thanks again!
How does one see a miracle manifest in their life?
Weekends are the worst because all I do is work :/
Amarillo Slim Still Alive and ‘Fighting Hard’: Brunson Says His “Goodbye”
Well, that does it for the night. King loses to S.A. Churchill 3-1. That series resumes at 4 p.m. Saturday at Cabaniss Field.
I'm so tired. I just want to sleep.
Id b like, i saw it first!! Lol
No, you're hilarious. ;)
Got nothing better to do right now than tweet..
How's everyone's #NaPoWriMo going? My last three poems were about Facebook, Jersey Shore, and Jewel songs. It's NaPo -- get crazy, y'all!
what celebrity would you most like to see ?
How do you know what 12-year old boys do in the shower? Naughty.
“ #Taurus won't beat around the bush, they will trample right through it.”
well it's a great country! (where my family is originally from) but maybe not for fans. it's on iTunes Europe and amazon
I will be providing you with more info tomorrow. do well by doing Good
chilling with my familyy
Future comin to the town tho
If Melibee #interns r any indication of what the future of #intled is like, dang, we got this covered! They WOW me, hourly!
Sheesh I can't catch a break. Gardner, Ellsbury, Morse and now Jennigns all on my DL.
Dear #HopsandChops -- where are you people? - Signed, Brazen yet Shy Newbie
The career politicians tried to stop Herman's momentum tonight, and it didn't happen - he came out stronger.
Worst week as a sports fan continues. Not only PSU fiasco but 4got about Thurs night NFL...Tolbert in, Denarius Moore on the bench...DAGGER
Gotta love a Tuesday night slump buster!!
Uhtred is getting a little old to be retaking Bebbanburg
Day 1 under way #VisionExpo Booth LP7554, stop by and say hello.
I like broccoli I just choose not to eat it :)
Works going by so quick,
Hey Chris, what dinosaur are you the most afraid of?
Two-thirds of the world's executions occur in China. #odd facts
Dr. Sonjia, author of #SexOnSouthBeach, joins in studio to talk about her book & provide her wisdom right now on 640 Sports.
Want a free copy of our EP "Fail Yourself" and some other goodies? RT this for your chance to win. We will be selecting 3 winners at 5pm.
apparently we have a lot to catch up on.....
Courtesy of : "If you aren’t scared, then you aren’t learning anything new." - Anne Sweeney What are you learning today? ;)
I'm, both, hung & hungover this morning. Does that mean I win?
I only just now discovered the show "Up All Night!" I haven't laughed that hard since Seinfeld and Friends.....
What about treadmill runs? I hate that I can't record those now since I am using the N+ app and not the chip.
Housing finance changes likely to mean less government backing for some buyers
Cut the Mullet!
that's so last year #GetOnMyLevel <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
better text message
Don't you go to a different school? Stay outta of Ben Davis Swag
You can't wait for life to hand you things. It doesn't work like that. Anything worth having is worth fighting for.
"sorry im not like you (said in a girl voice) oh hi im judy kegley i go to school with jumpers on" -chris hahahaha
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who just cant stay in a relationship long ! lol
Tip #191: There is always more to learn.Turn off all distractions & pay attention. You will discover something to help you chip up.
Asked middle school kids what's the name of the 1st spanish lady on supreme court. One boy yells out, "Jennifer Lopez!!" Ah, our youth!
Premature Wicket Loss is no laughing matter. PWL strikes suddenly and inexorably. The only known risk factor is shit batting.
Even with an amazing Pediatric Dentist, my 8 year old daughter, who has #Downsyndrome & #autism flips out every.single.time.
bow skitch I'm off this
Random Thought: Never let your heart take you so far that common sense can't get you out...
What a year this has been! We're very happy to hear that things are starting to pick up again. We're hoping for the best in 2012!
Check out this new bargain website! www.ideeli.com/invite/specialoffer They have great daily specials like Groupon but for clothing & such!
Did they just show a BBVA commercial promoting the beginning of the NBA season?
Hungryy. Breakfast is calling!
The wizard forgives you Im sure of it
should have the t-shirt that says: "Don't MAKE me make you ask your heart." Cuz she said that & she loves fiercely.
I just want a job for the summer.
Trane sounds amazing on A Blowin' Session. Just now noticing...
no tweets about the game? Your either a. in the fetal position on the floor or b. biting nails so can't type...
yup! DM me your cell or email so I can send them.They are real good condition, you could always put a cover on them if u wanted
Well done, Jen! RT "I personally think everyone should jump on Twitter and compliment "
Strategy time: Which of the location do you think will be least crowded? & thanks for the grasshopper tip
Yay Perla is making one too ;D
nice one. Should mention Sleepytime Gorilla Museum too
#WhatDreamsAreMadeOf Usually too much to drink unless Leonardo Dicaprio is incepting something.
these are great Charlie! thanks for send us these.
i wanna smoke them nowww<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Looking forward to it! “: So excited to have talking about Jockey's PR at the #SMMS!
Ha, I did say 3-1
Shxt always happen b4 my bday ugh.
I think he made his account private, which would explain being unable to read his tweets.
Check out Los Angeles Groupon for today! Los Angeles County Museum of Art 1 year memebership!! p://www.groupon.com/r/uu3783546
None of the guys that I have dated have seen or heard me cry...#don'tlike showing emotions.
Mark Cuban just said that he has a company policy that if anyone that works for the Mavericks tries to start the wave, they are fired!
Adrian Dom Srs taught English to immigrants at a card table. This year Aquinas Ctr Chgo celebrates 15 yrs of free ESL
Congrats! Will do. MT : My American Unhappiness" is now in stores and on-line. Purchasing would make YOU my favorite person.
You have #SWAG ;) And an AMAZING voice<33 I hope you notice me someday....<3
Lucky you! I went there as part of a cruise many many years ago. When you going?
most boring saturday night ever! i hate when my weekend plans dont go as planned shit pisses me off
When you finally get comfortable in bed. BUT THEN: Fml, gotta pee
When did "based off of" replace "based on"? Because the shift has definitely happened, as surely as Grimm's Law.
I just put Carmen Miranda and Celia Cruz on my letters. Remember those?
Nothing better then eating an ice cream during class. ð<U+009F><U+0091>
Like u got it going on girl<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
y'all probably end up coaching aau in 10 years! Lol
I Think I Gotta Fetish.... For Getting BlowJob Type Shit
Darren Collison had 15 points in this fourth quarter
are those fosters' kids?
oh no! You caught me. #WorldsWorstSubtweeter haha :)
The more time you spend worrying about what other people think of you, the less time you spend on bettering yourself !
Goodmorning... Now its time for breakfast # HeadInBed
davvvvviddddd you should guest list me for your show in okc the 20th I'll even walk to the show if I have to
I'd ask my mom to hide it in one of her buns
You can find me playing outside. With Singing "Call Me Maybe." Oh hey.
I agree with that you need an etsy shop!
for now, that's correct.
I do mixing and mastering hmu if you need anything
#Barnard2012 waiting for Noel b-f to graduate!
We've kicked around the idea but nothing formal on the roadmap today...I'll let you know if we roll out something...
Liz found a recipe that just calls to mix the broccoli in olive oil, salt & pep, and then lemon juice after roasting. Baller.
we've known each other SO long&dont see each other offen but we talk (:
Hey.. kinda love you<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>;D
Rain Rain go away, come back on some other Convention day...oh well, better than 10 inches of snow today?
Me too!! What you cooking me for dinner? :)
enjoying my day!
what are your thoughts on OVWs new working relationship with TNA?
Secret to grilling a great steak? A great cut of meat. Look for steaks that contain marbling for great flavor, cut 1-1 1/2 inches thick.
Why can't I just be a regular American and buy a car and live in the suburbs?
#SCHOLAR Top Of The Morn'n G
Love is just aah four letter word , until you qive it meaninqq
Looking up "frat boy" songs for work.
Find a guy who calls you beautiful instead of hot, who texts you day or night, rain or shine
Bookclub tip 4;For variety, pick a topic and have each member read a different book.
My bad i spelt his name wrong
of curse :)
please follow me! It'd mean the world<3
I'm good, I was sleeping when you tweeted me! haha
You're most welcome, enjoy! RT Pumpkin Soup almost done. Thanks
Cant sleep... ->KimBeezy<-
screw everyone and come to Baylor
Funny how alot of you guys changed from a 'belieber' to 'directioner'
I think I'm on the Asian side of the library
My grandma is here from Mexico, cnt wait to see her! <U+E306><U+E106>
I love my new northface jackets there both so cute and comfy :)
There is still time to enjoy get your ticket to the BINGO extravaganza! Up to $2,450 in prizes. You may even see Peter Cottontail come...
for #SuperBowl commercial photography
Love you too!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I know! Isn't it? Glad you're liking it!
lmao...so true. He is good I agree. But not on Lee, weaver, verlander level
#ItMakesMeReallyHappyWhen i make someone's day :)
no I haven't
yup, I have gotten it many times
Good tip! RT : Quick Fitness Tip. Take at least 1 day off a wk from fitness to recover.
Exciting! I'm going to try to make it.
Welp I have a final at 945 and a presentation at 1045... Which one to study for!?
You should hammer your iron when it is glowing hot.
I saw that! Crazy 4th quarter. #lakers seemed out of it until then. Why a great game!
hahahaahahaha no no i lost it way back when..before they graced us with their presence
Everything I do on my iPhone is based on how it best compliments my Twitter. "That's a tweet right there."
it was a glow stick I had in my hand lol
9/11 memorial in Eden Prairie moved and inspired me. My son then got a spectacular fire apparatus tour by , EPFD. THANK YOU!.
Want to hug Meaghan for her hard work today! It paid off in spades! I'm so thankful to have you on the team! YOU ARE MY HERO!
Yes definitely wanting an exotic closet. I liked the one that was all open. Of course you have to be super...
@ Real Estate School! Then time to Tan and start my friday :)
It's Christopher :p
Pleasure chatting at length with ya, man. Please look me up if you ever find yourself in NYC. We'll drag out
“: Always good to catch up with the bro! Miss you ” miss you too sis! Better find some time so come up next quarter!
I wish Junior could have felt the amount of love for him in his community. He gave a lot.. He deserved to feel it back.
LOL it would be illegal for AT&T to tell you they have 4G if they didn't...
Happy New Year Big E
Fitting end to 12 hour travel day. Rental car desks close at midnight. We landed at 1am. (sigh)
oh happy birthday cuzz
Welcome to the team our new Art Department Manager Suzanne Burley!
If you haven't heard of Balkan Beat Box then you're missing out. Catch their live performance at Speakeasy tomorrow at 12:45am
New beginning... new day
Thanks for adding me to your list :)
Finding music for my show isn't easy! Any suggestions?
My Saturday ..... Wasted !
Headed to the hills for camping and meteor shower watching. If the #supermoon isn't too bright to see them!
I lead worship at church and with an org called Tres Dias. All volunteer! How to make any sort of living, a great mystery.
STARTED REHEARSALS ON NEW ALBUM YESTERDAY
A Sid without Geno is hardly a Sid at all:)
Another day, another formal modeling paper.
..incredibly gifted, I concur however..
Need to redo my profile might do that tommmorow somepoint
Had the county jail call you to post my bail... Can't believe you didn't have my back...
considering hunkering down and getting a real job some day.
Shheesshh. Don't have a hernia!
she had that whole place in a daze, didn't she?? All the fellas stopped dead in their tracks.
Damnit... this game has me a little stressed
Two thousand dollars for ice? I can get an Eskimo for two hundred dollars and make my own ice. ~ Horse Feathers
Just....wtf RT : One in 5,000 babies are born without an anus.
Steak n Shake cookie dough blizzard>>>>
theres always that moment when u just feel like u want to break down and desperately need a hug but at the same time u feel so alone :(
why can't the day look like sunset or sunrise for the whole day, it's so pretty out! ^__^
Your obviously none too happy with the speaker.
Anyone watching early games tomorrow?
Doc Rivers: "I thought ten different times [Ray Allen] was hurt again [tonight]."
My jokes come from a dark place, but then again I am often locked in a cellar
Be True to your Self in 2012!
I love being able to say, "my office". Let's see how long that lasts.
I come before her
Amazing thanks for asking! How about your's?!
now lets get the a #lowertown stadium
Best of luck at the bloggers conference with all the fab designer who's who! Can't wait to hear the details- Shine on!
I knew I left my receipt lying around somewhere.
wait what?
I can imagine! Our office is in love with our tea kettle.
i started Hip Hop Dance Classes! Can i get a good luck?
Okay so we can have goats on the quad but not puppies because they're a "liability"?
Ritz murda dat beat! I feel like I'm at a giddha show everytime I hear that track.
They cancelled Lie to Me? :(
“: Qdoba in Nashville great deal tonight-2 full meals + chips and Queso = $15” double meat?
Never stop learning; knowledge doubles every fourteen months.
.kitsch (from <nettime>)
i live in LA i think i seen chloe in a car before
Don't let school get in the way of your education.
i followed :)
Moonlighting on the morning shift and producing live at noon today with Tune in for lots of news mixed with some fun!
Glad you ladies enjoyed #QBM11. Thanks for coming!
Thank you so much! I read SLEEPING IN VELVET when it came out. ;-) oxoA
Just saw commercial for Chernobly Diaries- intrigued. This Priceline ad with the nun looks pretty good too. I've been drinking.
": Thinking about new boobs by the fall. Don't think u need them at all! Ur perfect.
haha yeah I'm gonna scare them
We all want the same shit. It's just how we achieve at getting that shit.
not me. Straight up on the floor, using my backpack as a pillow. Need. Sleep. Soon...
Watched J.J. Abrams TED just now, and I can't really tell where Spielberg ends and he begins. And, I don't care, really.
Something new very soon in early 2012. Stay tuned to all Rainline sites
Just found out that is coming to FL and it made my day!!! :)
The #Celtics r the X-Men of the NBA, 2011/12! U heard it here 1st. Retweet if U believe.
RT : I realize I don't believe anything I read in the media anymore. Except you guys. I believe everything you say.
Happy Monday! An exciting week starts with a happy smile. :)
Cream of Mushroom with Brandy and Goat Cheese?! Yeah, we've got that...come and get it!
thanks for sharing Callahan!!
I gotta take a shit
Douglasville and Atlanta
Finally out of work plus im off the rest of the week spring break will feel the wrath of cpope
find a bootleg copy on the street!!! It's the same experience with people walking across the screen!!!!
#HardRockRising Battle of the bands come #seetheshow as round 2 2nite 4 bands 9pm 21+ Donation at door for Make-A-Wish
I still have my Kings "Beat LA" shirt from playoffs 6 years ago. Good times!
Me too!
Congrats to on his recent signing to Check out his latest single "Say it's so" feat. on iTunes
Tav--thanks for showing me how great espresso can really be...Good luck in the future!
Built on Flash, really this IS 2012.
dud yoi don't even know! I was insane. I'll have to get it all written down so people can read it
The fact that George Carlin was the voice of Thomas The Train, makes me hate Thomas a little less.
Anyone else having problems posting to twitter? For some reasons it doesn't want to work for me today
Im good! Im check cuz I can feel things sometimes. Reach out any time u'd like.... :)
today's the big day my mans!!!!
how do people help/contribute?
yay! I love new bff's!!!!
Working on our new intro! Hopefully will be ready for the Club 156 show!
Georgetown advances in the NAIA playoffs after a 21-7 win over visiting Benedictine College.
Don't be annoyed at the book... be annoyed at your Kindle.
dear ru, will be devastated if Sharon Needles doesnt win :'(
- for sure. Have you heard anything about a new record from them?
If I had a button that if pressed, would kill everyone but also turn all of the pretzels in this ice cream into cookie dough, you'd be dead.
I finished "Journey to the Center of the Earth" on my ride to work and am going to start an autobiography of Cheetah from the Tarzan series.
what gloomy weather here in LA reminds me of my hometown. #missing Europe so much right now
Hey guys! Wish a happy birthday!
- they refused to honor the $25 slot play if the item was out of stock
Emotionally you can't hear that someone doesn't love you BUT in your head you know it.
Thanks Guys!
Holy crap, Jason's movie won Best Short at the HP Lovecraft Film Festival!!!
Ever got the chance to meet Whitney Houston, & what's ur favorite Whitney song?
I know:)
End of the day
If the internet slowed down cause everyone in Vancouver simultaneously decided to download ALL the gay porn on the internet that'd be fine
DEVIL'S DUE: A cave rescue team fights to escape a collapsing abandoned mine stalked by inhuman ghouls who can mimic victims.
Buildings with Libraries: A Soft-Spoken Amenity Developers of residential buildings are finding that providing an in-house library is a l
If you couldn't get your Shredded Beef or Carne Adovada fix this week...TONIGHT IS YOUR NIGHT! Open tonight from 4-8:30pm!!!
LETS MEET
You can only fake being happy for so long.
Celebrating favorable employment gains frightened insider, , puts #Florida taxpayers on the hook for a new shrine.
#birthcontrol debate lets #Germans think Americans are crazy. Some explaining to do for
i hope you feel better =)
Hey that's great! Bet you feel awesome. Running is such an important part of my life; w/o it, everything feels off-balance!
Come try one of our Award Winning Sauces! Don't know which meat to put the sauce on? Just ask, we'll help you out! (24th & San Antonio St.)
Giant panda gorilla dub squad :)
Filling the voids in your soul with stuff doesn't work. Believe me. I just bought myself a power drill and an electric pencil sharpener.
I screwed up so much
Back from #pickupsoccer on a chilly but sunny fall morning at the lakefront. Now enjoying cereal with raspberries, nectarine, and banana.
How about dunking?? RT cant wait to teach a young girl in Miami how to properly shoot a jump shot.
Direct msg tom felton and please tell him to follow me can you please
I was assigned someone to kill so I have to kill them. Someone is on the prowl for me right now too!
you guys should be working
"I have found that if you love life, life will love you back." - Arthur Rubenstein
That's how we roll.
I need some rice cakes
The future looks brighter then past
RT : Amazeballs, new Giuliana & Bill 2night! Style Network at 8/7c! Retweet to win signed copy of our book & gift from my ...
I have 1 tomato growing in my garden
Out of school early #YEE <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
here here but u said might. U are, take it claim it
Not a restaurant! I'm semi-retired, chef-wise, so it's envisioned as a pop-up dinner series. Less overhead & stress. :)
I'm so tired of seeing so many tweets about one direction! I don't care!
i think, and then i think about what i'm thinking...just gets into this crazy russian doll situation
welcome to the twitterverse.
Back in the home office from my first self-employed-non-paid-vacation-week-off but all is good; got a check in the mail on Saturday!
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
thanks, and ! I thought 145 was a bit low, what an odd recipe! Put it back in to 160 and all was well! Er...medium!
And there you have it! Jones for the win!
He has great music ->
Starting the day walking my kids to school.We had a great conversation this morning! I Luv those little people.
so what led you to use steroids?
Important news about the event on October 1st for all TFT members! Free and upgraded accounts are all invited.
140 characters can not explain whats on my mind twitter. You should think more about changing that so people have enough room to speak.
im doing my hair haha plus my phone is like dead im useing my ipod
is that the same aide who works on etch a sketch????? :)
The homie is talking lots of French up in here.
RIP Helen Keller
haha. Shopping. Abercrombie and Fitch is closed for another freakin hour so randomly buying clothes. Hahaha
Ok so every class I catch this boy looking at me! And it's so awkward! So today he smiles at me! *slowly turns head* <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
My flat ass chest >>>> Gwen
me fuckin too!
Hoping can pull off his 8th win in Monte Carlo this weekend. Suerte!
Good luck to our partners for tonight's #NFLDraft. We can't wait to see the pick come off at #28!
If you like to connect with people making a difference check out
Thanks for the RT ! Hope you are having a productive Marketing Monday
you guys were awesome!!! thanks for coming out & supporting us!
Curled up in my jammies waiting for the premiere of Mad Men season 3.
thank you and happy mothers day to you too
Jim always has kinda looked like a Luke. It only seems fair.
Theres a white homeless lady telling all the mexicans to fuck off. im just laughin.c:
"You said I gave you butterflies then you flew out of my life."
hello Alex (:
I'm looking for an #OFL calligraphic Devanagari font. Can anyone out there in the Twittersphere help?
what are you saying? Did you get a job??
see also: College Football
Girl , ya lien
My Dad is expressing interest in getting an iPhone. Oh boy!
this is so true, let's be real would be thrilled
I could use some donuts!!!!
To celebrate I bought Coke (with a capital C, ), and a lot of cheese and wine.
RT : The soul would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears. But it still feels good to soak up the sun's rays like a Lizard.
we dont use pesticides in our sound booth :D
Four weeks is a long time. Tomorrow before i might have to make that trip over there. Ill be happy after that. ;)
giving people jobs always makes me happy
I don't need any more inspiration for my senior project other than graduation.!
Yesterday I tweeted that I missed my team: How could I forget ?
Don't blow your mind with why.
Yes, they are and their Commander-In-Chief ain't no slouch either !!!
Just bumped into Tiger at the range. Seems confident, said he "likes where his game is right now". He looked good and reeked from pussy
Yes sir! staying
Stepped on a fucking tack barefoot. -_- Thug!
Talking to on my drive home made me miss her all the more!! Can't wait to see you!!!
Agreed! "Housing first" model's very gratifying all around.
All theses bandwagon nd dumb heat fans are funny af but owell it is what it is lol
What the hell is this place
Politics? // Maybe... after all, you're from Cuba! Welcome to the States! :)
I hate being alone! :(
I made a twitter... just to follow xD
This time next week some of our tutors are going to get a surprise visit from... (Hey- I said its a surprise!)
's GOLD COLLECTION 05.01.12 hope you're all as stoked as we are!
imm so fuckinn pissed rite noww i wanna mak her happy as she can be
There a more followers than leaders naturally but theres no need to #bitemystyle !!!foreal!!!
I know I miss you too babe #nohomo Jk totally homo..
I'm pretty excited... Claus is now following me on Twitter. Hope he comes to the Fashion Attic to buy some gifts!
Hope u had a better day today
what's the funniest thing that has ever happened to you? :)
my mixtape went from chicago to atlanta an rick ross's producer has my tape so he sent me hella beats to listen
La Vita e Bella ;)
how u know he ain't followin u
Mord Fustang tonight @ Neon in Phoenix....this guy IS electro!
Shifman: We must collaborate, collaborate, collaborate.
I hate long mrt rides actually
Made the soccer cheer and basketball team Yussssssss of too teach kids DANCE ah DJMS Rocks
I think ic
Don't forget to sign up for Friday's user group ft. CampusHelp Financial aid! Email to sign up!
I am a king
Thank you for your wonderful review...I love the points you made regarding Greek history!
Getting the showers water temp right is one of the hardest things to do but When it happens it's one of the best
Mrs. Ship is very cute! Hope she enjoys her Floridian concoction.
haha i was creepinon your tweets and someones got a lover.
RT : Photo: via : JUST RELEASED: The 2012 season of Midsummer Night Swing has been announced! The......
Come check out Happy Hour at Oz! $3.50 cocktail specials and our famous Soju Cocktail for just a little bit more! 5:30-close!
Come in today and get a therapeutic massage to start your weekend off right. Go to www.massagedc.com 4 your $10 off coupon.
Blood Drive tomorrow...
Nice! What drive did you choose?
or because people don't buy concentration of power in the hands of one person?
Hopefully tickets won't be sold out before I get a chance to buy them!
Two more days of work then off to the lake for some bass fishing... don't forget beer and wings!
heard anything back about Ian and the contest?? The pic was soo cute!
Thanks for sharing! Yes, we agree. Powerful.
The first requisite of success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem without growing weary.~Thomas Edison
Though many are at the Tech Center, don't forget that Paley library is open 24 hours through Dec 16.
It says it's still being processed :(
I knew I forgot something! I'll grab some tomorrow!
Hearing Rick Pitino and Richard Pitino to the #Knicks - always trying to 1-up Calipari
When your at lunch and you don't know anybody so you can't sit anywhere without feeling awkward.
We take the Risk and Liability off your family or your company... Available 24/7/365 - Free Estimates - Crime & Trauma Scene Cleaners
Dear Mississippi... Where The Fu*k Is Starbucks???
DON'T THINK LIKE THAT!! Stay positive! There's a lot more rejection then anything in this business so you have to stay strong &
understandable, too busy making delicious tacos & too busy eating them! :)
yes, ma'am! (See you in MIA)
Are you going too?? :D
Follow back? :) <3
Thanks! We're glad you like it.
RT : Lunchtime Question: Best burgers and fries in Chicago? (or your city)
Dear drivers of route 3, Prepare for more misery than ever starting May 8th. Sincerely, VDOT
Whenever I get back from Portland I buy a flight to Portland, it's kind of sick
Thanks for the RT!
searched polamalu /10 2011 and put in highest first
. meet RT What charity would come and pick up some stuff i want to give away today?
For revision I'm just recopying notes atm for a few sections to refresh my memory and then maybe some xtra readings frm syllabus
But I agree that not having to have a password is good on a site. My fav ecomm total experience is Crate & Barrel!
Everytime I see an Ethiopian cafe I go "a that's why they're starving all their food is over here"
I Think it time for a new profile picture what do you think??
is still hot on the trail of PT gigs in Baltimore/DC/SATRAD. Your tips are greatly appreciated at .
what are you thinking of getting her? :-)
Yo I'm so sore, it's not even funny!
Goodnight ...keep on rockin' the
Washington fans are bitter. Terrence Jones is getting booed every time he touches the ball.
as soon as I know some dates I'll let you know.
I'm toast and it's only 7am
The obvious and proper choice rain.
put up pictures! I just realized how much we've accomplished and how far we've come in a year!
I'm glad everyone feels the need to make me feel like crap!
Bout to go straighten my ratcher hair
is working on CFPs:
I'm a bad girl and my friends are bad too. I have that swag sauce, yeah, I'm dripping Swagu.
I owe you a phone call! I haven't forgotten. Tonight?
: Me, are joining friends this #Sunday for a souplantation/#Titanic3D date. Sounds like a perfect combo to me!
She is adorable!
Obama said the ground has shifted under the feet of the stalwarts...
#tastemakersKS Very simple.Look at Apple.Great products, that work. Music= meaningful, melodic! MTV/vh1/ Radio sell ads, not music.
mutton bustin' (no G, Aaron) is basically the best thing ever. We're seeing Reba on Friday. I'm p-p-p-p-pumped.
quater of my life gone by and i met all my friends online. im awesome.
Expresion of your soul requires many ...... It's time ......!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt -
constraints are now understood. Will see you on Sunday.
Joss Whedon is the man now! move aside James Cameron
TRON! lets go
lol I see what ya did there <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Wow. I am amazed daily
We hope you found the dress of your dreams! :) Enjoy your prom!
Dont commit suicide, if you need someone to chat with i'll be a friend at hand. kids taking their own lives and shit smh
Any chance he replaces Bick as your go too whipping boy?
When people can't cheer me up, music does <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
I need to get back on the wagon... but the Burgers wagon is so much more fun LOL
no clowns? You've really slipped now!
The Good Life! Hands down!
Thx for the opportunity - so much fun! (and the pic wasn't so terrible ;) -CV
I need a girl that's gonna stay with me through thick & thin . I dnt wanna b single mane
Wow its a beautiful night:)!!!<$$
Love it! Bring it on please! lol
Can you imagine Paul Martin playing for the Rangers? Think he would have kept up with the rest of their team tonight?
cheer loud and eat some banditos for me
: Congrats on going 1 and 1 with
apple didn't do that ftr - it's open source. So yes, my point stands
Hey road Cauldron, keep rocking it, we can hear you on the broadcast as loud as their supporters. (I dont expect the same in Portland) :)
Where are you hiding? I'm on 5th Floor in Mount Diablo.
We Got Our Pads Today , Once Again My Pads Is Huge !
Congrats to on their 5th anniversary. Great peeps, great party, and live, to boot.
Thanks for the tutorial! I have now officially passed level 1 in new catalog searching.
at the bucks game
I have a huge test tomorrow and I haven't studied once
Off of work but so much to do.
No of course not why would you say that?
In 1908, the FBI was known only as the BI. It is headquartered in Washington, D.C. and has 56 field offices & 400 satellite offices.
I'm kind of hoping that Sham 69 reunion hits Chicago. I'm also hoping it has nothing to do with Riot Fest.
#fridayreads - 'Sexing the Cherry' by Jeanette Winterson. "No safety without risk, and what you risk reveals what you value."
Making Flash banners for people to click on and make me money.....$$$$$
Kun Aguero NEEDS TO PASS THAT F'''KING BALL!!
Our books showed up today
#marcfail is broader than issues that are MARC's fault in popular usage
when was the last time the #Mets and #Yankees were both PP due to weather in the same day/different cities
When gangster bros tell you how cute your dog is, you know he's kinda adorable haha
"No man can become rich without himself enriching others." — Andrew Carnegie: Today is the day to enrich someone!
Just walk away man, walk away.
How do you know the meeting is happening? Do you know when?
ill show you what wasnt!
UPC, one of Ireland's largest internet providers, will not have to cut off illegal downloaders, the High Court has ruled.
#BornThisWaySlaysExpressYourself #Madonna is the grandma of pop so go kill yo self bitch is the QUEEN of POP bow down to the best
Thanks for all the RT's and Twitter love! Hope to be back in #TheBean this summer :-)
I love a challenge
Great leadership is trainable.
se que :D
I'm still under Facebook suspension/probation apparently.
Rt “: be around." Fam, I'm in the clouds!
keep your head up giz just 2 more months! And smile cause you look more beautiful with a smile:)
Where they do that at ;
ohnoo. im already your Soulja Girl. (;
I found a hickey on my mom's neck. seriously, wtf?
I like the way you think. This is a good idea too.
still amazed how many companies illegally hire freelancers.
thanks for the welcome home!!! Xoxo. I am hearing the song play "I Love LA", but I do miss etc!
We've got my man Greg Porn doing an AMA on tomorrow at 1:00pm EST. I'll link when we're live.
NEW INFORMATION: It appears that the suspicious package was a bag containing clothes. The scene is expected to be cleared shortly.
No way! I might ask what product they used, but you just don't grab random people's hair!
Periodontal disease is an #infection, and much like other infections can cause your blood sugar levels to rise
ur so mean dude hahahhaa what the hell you love me
my universities seems to think the same thing. I JUST GRADUATED, people! No job yet, no money yet
my mom keep talkin bout jake from state farm. lmfao I said she was funny and she says "im like jake from statefarms wife" wtf
seriously, I got to see him twice last year
hm ill go for the WWE tittle then
Of Fire and Brimstone and Buckshot comes to the Kindle this Friday. Check it out.
"I have a Dream..." to give you Buy One Get Free Deluxe Box Lunches all day today!
matter of fact, it would be a good one for one of those teens u were tlkn about
So sad I can never become a rapper because Birdman stole my rapper name :(
Don't miss Scouting for Girls headline in Lincoln on 3 Sept with Glee inspired G*Mania performing amongst others too!
hahaha Yea nd i saw u asked fur help on facebook !! LAMO
Ah, but I didn't write that post. did that one.
I know the president, I can put in a good word for the Bay Area.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
On an unrelated note: I realized today that this past summer I dated the daughter of a business prospect I met with two years ago.
Christian Venier's Cab Franc & Laboure's Chard were phenom! C U @
It's very sad.
so does the homer, guys that can't quickly get off the ground are athletic persona.
CHAD. Ah, now I understand. What Historic Pittsburgh Bars are you thinking about? Start at Oyster House?
so..much..frosting!
nostalgia settling in?
joe moe we gonna get loose tonight boi
lol. I might as well ask too lol. How y'all know each other?
I'd be scared to share too many of those thoughts. LOL
RT : Today! Catch me hosting The Epidemic: Freestyle Battle 6PM LBJ Amphitheatre!! (Shouts to Monster Energy & Google +) #HH ...
blessed to have you a part of the Jags!!!
Those are some of my guys. Divine, with the dreads, is being released in June. Such a woop will go up!
Like ur site. Much food for the soul
State bound tomorrow yay
Wanna see a movie for FREE? of course you do, Show this tweet, get a pass for two to a preview of Wahlberg's new movie CONTRABAND, Jan 10th
Mass Effect 3 Fans Stage &#39;On/Off&#39; Campaign
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow urself 2 B made a victim. Accept no one's definition of ur life, but define urself H.S. Firestone
for most trips Long Beach is much better..
Sometimes Architects don't get design respect either. Aren't all dry FAR calcs & fire codes.
the #chiefs draft A guy with the 11th overall pick that wasnt even on his 1st team all conference team, 2nd team conf. Usa.
days like this change the way I look at love. No guarantees & not usually very fair. But God is still good. And always will be.
Welcome to the C+S team !
He Better Suck Some Balls Andd` Make The Call 312-1000 Lmfaoo
Just enrolled our first of many Kenyans to come into OnlineRehabClinic.com. Father Thomas O' Hearn is helping the suffering in Nairobi.
Make every effort to never, ever use 5 Shades Templates inc - products do work nor does tech support. Pls RT so others won't lose $$
and it is one of my many FAV. PHOTOGS... how are you buddy?
hey buddy, anytime! Get at me soon we'll drink it up!
It's official. Totally in love with Adam Schoenberg's music. Bravo on his world premiere!
Putting together a plan to build a new website for A & A Safe, Lock & Door. They need a platform that properly structures page URL's.
Or worse yet, Detroit.
...and has a tremendous hairline...
They gave AP the money that would have paid for the roof, bring a jacket!
oh god!! it's okay boo ugh I wanna die too
ROFLMAO! #Bottenjols If you aren't already following, you have to follow NINTCMAD!!!!
shlankin like you thought i would
RT : Agreed! I love getting tested and love knowing that my partners are clean and free to explore. :)
Friedrich that is
OH NO, you're only 99.9999% perfect now ;)
He's bringing me lunch now I know it's real lol
On da way to Canton Jones birthday party,lets go
Clippers say they will match any offer given to DeAndre Jordan! I can't say I blame them. The guy averaged almost 2 blocks per game.
Julius, The Baby of the World by Kevin Henkes: Step off--only I can talk noise about my little brother!
Ah! a sunny day!The snow is bright in 4- 5' drifts. I'm inside sipping organogold green tea. it increases brain power, we all need that.
my twitter is nothing but seth Rogan thanks to you. hah
hey i was at the presentation too!
voice over's for video...gonna be HOT!!!
GAH! One time I was in a stall at the theatre and one crawled out of the floor drain. YEAH, I DIED.
Prepping for a talk next week. Excited to share our Footprints vision with everyone!
They say that when u dream about someone they went to bed thinkin about u so why have u been thinkin about me the past week! ;)
miniature art by famed S.A. Noory www.zanbeelart.com
hope you had a fun time!(:
Im not gob stress if we're not friends
#nowsinging "Boyfriend" by to my boyfriend lol
Why are we watching trailers?
": what does it take to be #1?" how the hell would he know?
Someone should web cast the Cap'n Jazz show tonight so I can get snacks together and watch it. So, work on that for me Chicago.
RT : thanks everybody for the warm words re my new position as co-editor of RWW / we
Mood for a shower
This is still the place that we all call HOME! Great job man. I believe every word of that song!
Good night of Djing now have to get some shut eye and be up by 6am to set up and Dj the triathlon here on Campus
I wish you would stop tweeting things about me would be nice !
so sad...I never have nor ever will cheat on someone I'm in a relationship with.
if you can make me laugh with cheesy jokes, that makes you 100000000% more attractive!
Awww. Miss you too! And we'll try and be good but no promises. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> haha
u ok?
What do you think? Did Madeline Albright convert to Judaism purely for the jokes?
In musty Seattle production office, waiting on tequila, next to pretty, funny women, prepping to kick ass on Guitar Hero Aerosmith. yay.
What #cooking utensil can you not live without? I love my Henckels knives!
no problem! Glad to hear you dig our stuff. Play it loud!!
'young adult' was good “: Any great movies out now that we should try to see today (adults and/or teens)?”
Nothing I hate more than dirty kids
#nsta12 #edtech #scichat #edchat I have a few complaints about nsta, but you should present. It is awesome. San antonio 2013
I'm seriously going to punch him in the face.
best food so far in France - #India and #Pakistan restaurant... delicious
i think its so cute when a guy just holds your butt perfectly when he's sleeping.
cleaning my room (: how Bout you!? Btw I'm Nolan :)
So sad. Ever see the movie Idiocracy? Getting truer every day.
cheers to getting accepted into the #Groundlings. I am proud of myself.
RT : . Thanks for the follow. I really enjoyed listening to your new composition for the HBO sports trailer....
can u please overnight it? ;)
I can't thank you guys enough. Very helpful.
So Cal grocery workers in mediation today! Do what you can to support them
Thinking about life
Call For Free Estimates!! (702) 582-9795 Licensed, Insured & Bonded Family Owned & Operated Company We Are Compliance With HAZARDOUS WASTE
Not even going to lie... Been laying in my floor naked for 10 minutes now y'all.
me your email, but as a direct message, don't just post it. I don't remember if the one you gave me works or not,
#attachment PlayStation Move Shooting Attachment
true. I just want there to be opportunity for retail, services, and restaurants, not only the latter.
Yeah, I dunno, think this track is kind of a mess! Like the beat, Ye's verse, and 2 Chainz, but the rest doesn't do it for me.
Say somethin' baby don't be shy<U+2665>
#ripMCA my thoughts and prayers go out to your family and the Beastie Boys!
Blog is up regarding Cru De Gra participants line ups and schedules.
Haha. I can't wait until they make their Twitter accounts. Haha. It's going to be great.
Looks like it's gonna be Romney . . or, to put it another way, "And then there were None."
Headphones + Drum and Bass + Observing a group of jungalist pigeons
I know are you going tomorrow
RT : Congrats Geoffrey Mutai! A New Course Record!
"The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort & convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge & c ...
that's what we call winning.
#howrace How blazes brighter than the lights of Times Square
Kelley busy searching for my birth certificateKOIN Local 6 News
Funding Roundtable in a little over an hour! 7:30 pm in Leavey Club Room. Come join the conversation!
I hate safety stories on TV cause they're often preachy. After a series of deadly ATV accidents, I hope we struck the right balance at 10.
Ain't no shame....he is a great
#ff the cohost of and sports guru
who do you think has the best predictions?
255. Don't get it twisted. 7 catches
#Imweakfor southern accents ;D
lol I will so make it on my bucket list -- but we all have to do really fun things
Free Google Local Map listing with each new website, up to 2 pages. Contact us at (949) 407-6253
Just watched Poupoupidou Film So good! Highly recommended.
This AP test today<<<
cool i got u ... i got this cuzzo
I don't get why sketchers feels the need to copy toms
Actually wearing my Jeter shirt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Congratulations to Julia Kern who just booked her very first commercial! Nice job, JK and I am not jk! :)
Have an #angrybirds band-aid on my forehead.
Looking forward to hearing about the result. Will be a #GreaterThanMoment!
My hands and arm are still covered in blood from last night's performance.
I'm 2700 :+D RT : RT : I'm only 9 followers from 2700. Can u help a girl out and rt this? Thanks :)
You're welcome! Make sure you go to facebook.com/GoodbyeCoastline & check them out! RT : Thanks For following me :)
Spring Break...BEST invention EVER!!! Have a great Tuesday PLN!
My parents don't let me go out,yet the house is fucking boring.
you're going to hate me tomorrow.
the power of #love is much more greater than d power of
San Fran warped tour. That's the one we r going to together, correct
a couple mistakes tonight though. Not as good as Erin.
With Tampa passing on Kuechly, looks like it is now down to Buffalo or KC. I wonder where wants him to go?
Giants aren't winning today- and the cowboys have a bye do I can't watch them lose- no sense of satisfaction this Sunday.
" Allow yourself to be inspired. Allow yourself to succeed. Dare to excel. "
Do you people have such bad cases of ADHD that see need to do the wave and Journey sing-alongs while they set up the fireworks?
like by briggadoon a lil bit!:)
to do something productive...
What did they say? Can't touich it.
Alright alright I'm up.....
you're welcome (: x
Working!!!! That's it. Where have you been? I have some new software I wanna try on your site. You still in Houston.
what is life
": Well said well said!" Thanks Kyle. We're definitely gonna miss you.
Justin Bieber Hangs Out With Lil Wayne [PHOTOS] -
I heard a rumor is playing #TheWantedInWisconsin while directing #WISN12 newscast. I should play it down at the desk
#followmedylan I would be SO happy I'd you followed me! :)
Unfortunately the #royals also have to pitch too #hochevarmeltdown , good to see the offense turn it on though
Oh rain you can stop anytime!
Rock on! We welcome back as a sponsor for the Spring 2012 season of ! Top scorers will win 2 tix each week!
I agree
I think I'm the funniest person I know.
Welcome to my dear Miss Amy! Family rocks! : ) Love you!
#sacscoc Many students have difficulty retaining what they read. (Does your mind wander when you read?)
hope you had as great a day yesterday as we did!!
Being a writer seemed like a good gig. You don't have to talk to people or wear clothes. -
Day 2 being a vegetarian this is fucking rough
We have the new re-issue copies of Modern Primitives available now! $25 soft back, $50 hard back, only 2 hard back left!
Canadian magician James Dimmare has been awarded "Stage Magician of the Year" twice by the American Academy of Magical Arts in Hollywood.
Bayern Munich v Real Madrid in 30 min on Fearless prediction: 2-1 Madrid
I would divulge into that topic but fear of being labeled a hater has forced me to digress.
Got a good look at what it's like to be #backstage today
So Tarzan swing from the veins in her jungle
unbelievable. a tower of strength and a shining inspiration to us all
I know. It's almost as if he thinks that cultural heritage has something to with actual human beings.
Thanks for the #FF!!
in twisted spoke
Ann Powers of NPR Music: panelists represent global city and defy genre categorization.
ambition gets me goin
Avengers was sold out. Damn. Seeing Dark Shadows instead. Hahahah.
Huntsman: What govt does needs to be recognized. Taxpayers should get their money's worth.
That's it. If I don't hear back from the peeps who made the magento file uploader plugin in 30min., I am hacking it myself.
How will you help the planet today? Help someone else? Work for a just cause? Smile at people you meet? Lots of options.
Taking our son to school with
Starbucks, oh how I love thee.
Gold coast 17U looking strong
I got so much sun today
Maybe it's time to burn some bridges...
#random but I need giordanos, tgI fridays, hooters, & chicagos added to my schedule soon
in what ways has your life changed since your video by Greyskale went viral on the Internet?
It's hard to keep on trucking when you ride a moped
I love your tweets!(:
Thank you for the follow. From your website it looks like you rep bold and exciting artists!!!
What's better than couple business ventures? Sibling business ventures. Hitting up later today
he's a guy, he doesn't really know what he's talking about
my giants are going to win. Also big shout out to my main man for running the NYC marathon. We'll spar soon
Forgetting your headphones is probably one of the worst things to do.
more like when a guy leaves a league and the first place team vultures his best player (cuz league owns team)
My pawpaw is the scariest diver <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Wow it's almost 2012!!
forgot its sunday relaxed but bored i wanna chill wit sum one
Seniors are also comforted and feel at ease knowing that a caring,experienced caregiver will be there to assist any time, day or night
Ain't no way around it
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Go Kentucky!
Big things have small beginnings.
Vanessa L. Williams: "I never thought of myself as beautiful." (Essence, May 2012) Whaaa... How does that happen?
Ok! I will(: Bye
hahaha that's just
It's always a good day for Panda Express
Great to hear, we loved being apart! How long did it keep your coffee warm for?
This is worth about a million bucks....already thinking about several items! What do you think about the cart?
RT : Don't forget to stop by 1500 N. Delaware St. on your way home! Eat, think, drink and talk!
Same here. Found out we did chat about a QR code that wasn't working for me just didn't know it was you. Next time for sure!
My mother f'en irritates me!
RT : Fuck Star Wars & Avengers, we lost a Beastie Boy today, people. RIP MCA
Good morning tweeps
The mark of Bain
Hey, don't diss a man's dog. That's not right.
I'll find a way
Your welcome! ;) And that's so cool! :D
“: Lovin watching the bucks on Espn. Bucks v Bulls playoff series would be sweet. #bucks” nice!
d'aw thanks :3 check out that other thingy i just made!
Thank you! We think so too:)
Very excited to be presenting to the Junior League of Seattle this Thursday.
what? Why is sbux taking pitches?
Interesting ideas this morning on libraries, archives & museums collaborating.
Updating my online bios. It's that time of the year! How do others distill themselves into 4 or 5 sentences?
Whenever you like baby doll, after 5:20pm.
Thanks! One of those pastors is on IWJ's Board of directors!
#FF Great Volunteer Tweeps to follow:
How was ur day everyone
When A&M secedes, when Peyton returns
I know :((( lets just say, she might have stood on a spinning computer chair and fell at work haha
Drinks Americas has reported $1.8m sales revenue for the quarter ended 30 April 2012, a 54% rise from the prior period.
Dazed and Confused.
Newt Gingrich says he'll end his run for president next week. In other news, Newt Gingrich was still running for president.
Good Morning all. May God look upon you all and bless you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Bob calms my soul.
I am literally stunned..I've verified it..thx for the info
We're on it! Will share it on Facebook & Twitter shortly!
He probably only appears to the human eye when there's bad karma;
Thanks Leigh!
Approx 20,000 ppl involved in planning from volunteers to handcrafters to city officials to many more!
My love life is your highest priority? Honored Mrs. Horan, honored indeed <3
I thinking every playground built for kids they should build one for grown ups right next to it!
Amazing. Traditional humans have taboo about eating carrion. Probably because we kill and eat whatever we want.
Agree! Finale was amazing! Really looking forward to next season! I love this series. Truly a gem!
yeah! :D
Would love to do this fall if we could get venue nailed down in the next couple weeks...if not, May/June 2012.
The Rockies & Braves are playing a 1pm game... Come grab some lunch and watch a little bit of America's pasttime.
Riding my bike to work makes me feel so smug. And if you know me at all, you know that's my favorite emotion.
Nathaniel Emmons~ Just definitions either prevent or put an end to a dispute.
Thanks for making the game today Ashley!
Yo Buss,Do you have a contact for producers?
Happy Mothers Day to all the teen Moms. I wish you the best, and know that you aren't alone. God bless you always.
Going thru the TL and I'm sick about D-Rose and ROTL at all the tweets about how "good" NY v Miami is gonna be
I LOVE MORE THAN BOTH OF THEM.
thanks for the support. It's tough no matter what to pursue your DREAM. Our benefit is that we have fans and supporters like you
thank you!!! It's the 2 glasses of wine I've had!!! :-D
thanks for the follow Dani
Relationships Start With "Can We Talk?" And End In "We Need To Talk"
He's just reminding the rest of us who really deserves to worship them! You were right, you totally blew it up tonight babe! :)
“: i've got photos in the following magazines this month Guitar Player Vintage Guitar ” awesome!!
Any word from Ronkonkoma Patch?
Germany -.- But i live in Georgia until 2 years :D I just LOVE America. *.*
Hot day today in Orlando FlORIDA havin a good time in Daytona beach Wanna get a tan but im good rightnow
Between 14" of snow here and Internet blackout day, it's gonna be a quiet day today. . .
Good Morning World, let's make dreams reality!
I'm so excited! Thank you. I love works :-D
thanks for the follow jason
Ha! I will accept your apology when album #2 comes out. :D
what time r u umpiring tomorrow
It seems industry related press has rated Simon Dylan Ian Xander Thunder aC+List Celeb.2make B/A List I have2accept music/film/tv offers!Lol
Hi my fucking name is Aviel and I'm a rageaholic. Fuck you for trying to autocorrect that iPhone. And fuxk that capitalization. FUCK
happy Easter to you too I miss our jam sessions
Really enjoying the Daily News!
got ya. You know any designers?
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 69F MOSTLY CLOUDY
Grandma is in the hospital #pleasepray </3
Your home?
I second this: “: another idea - City North? Lots of vacant space currently.”
RT : Q0) We begin w/ the weekly #lrnchat welcome: Introduce yourself. Where are you from? What have you learned this week?
Almost time to kill this packed room of ivy leaguers. Get ready Princeton University. Hope you brought your roller skates. Fuckers.
His career...incredible, but in two races I've attended Mike Smith either went too hard early (Bodemeister) or waited too long (Zenyatta).
RT As much as 20 percent of your heating and AC costs can be lost through the ductwork. Are your ducts properly...
Alrighty, back to movies & treats. Yay! :D
RT : News:Fukushima announced that they'll start check & rescue animals left inside 20km zone
Sometimes I think I became too nice of a person....
Ah. Actual information.
I have succombed to the allure of the Iphone.
I wanna ride on the back of a chopper with Daryl
Playing some MW3! Fuck this game. I will soon have a video of me smashing MW3~
Love this collective effort to help non-profits! I just referred you to a new rescue in Chicago!
MISSING GIRL INFO: Abagail, 5'4" 140lbs, 13, white. Walked away from Wright Middle School 90 min ago (Fish Hatch/Belt area)
got our letter from KO - Dante was selected!!!!!!!!!!!! Yayyyyy.
GoodMorning.... Any plans for today? <AB
This quarterback mentoring segment on SportsCenter is awful. The classroom acting bull is distracting, moronic, and unnecessary.
Has there been an episode of The Simpsons where Homer buys a pair of toe shoes?
So because some people wanna hate on the jacuzzi pix of me thats up here on Facebook. Im going to start a smash or pass album.
Congrats to the players and coaches of NIU! Amazing comeback
Tday is the day! Crazy release party tnite, single supposed to hit some outlets at 12 am, video going live even earlier at 10:30 pm est
don't get shanked dude.
Getting setup for the Orlando Food and Wine Fest @ Lake Eola Downtown Today and Sunday from Noon to 9pm! Come enjoy a beautiful weekend!
I've seen most of them....every week.
"Who ties their dog to a pole, like a stripper?"
This 84 InTouch mag is amazing-Basically gay porn but w/ articles about LA punx, Black Flag, Sisters of Mercy, Pete Burns, Cocteau Twins
nice work, let the digital cartography via Google commence.
Fire alarm went off. All clear, everyone returning. Nothing to see here.
AWESOME show today! You all kicked ass!
just satisfied an intense & sudden craving for root beer.
Ops!!! Forget to set the emergency breaks!
May or may throw up during this final. May the ATOC gods be in my favor.
Quote "There are two ways to live your life: One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is." Albert Einstein
Days 17, 18 & 19 of #missingmilwaukee go (of course) to the amazing #c21nonhuman conference and my home this year,
I got 2 styrofoam cups & guess what's in it? Well I ain't gotta tell ya, you gon find out in a minute.
what kind of sunglasses was Eddie wearing in the Vegas limo ride?
Shower Got Me Feeling Good<U+30C4>
I. Love. Ender.
Thanks! I was going to make a longer & more formal comment, but in the end, I decided just to cut to the chase.
lol just lost a follower. byebye
Aida Kouyoumjian has recently released the second edition of her book "Between the Two Rivers". Available at the WSHERC's library soon!
Hi Kathy- Ann sent me the link for proposals for the B2B Forum- looks like i missed date- any chance i can submit?
RT : WIN 2 nights in Vegas at The Platinum Hotel! To enter, click on the link below or the "Win 2 Nights" tab on the left....
Almost finished with Into Thin Air. Need to decide on my next book for my #NonfictionAugust. Torn between The Wave and Escaping North Korea.
You need education.
and Ustream wont download on my phone. this sucks:(. Tell me how it is:DD
Yay just followed me now I just need Robert Alex Austin
I knew he was a crack head
The Republicans have a "Tiger by the Tail" and can't let go. They still think she is a "pussycat".
Relaxing. It hasn't happened often this week.
People go see live! Stickam
It was a solemn honor to gather in memory of Nassau Police Officers Michael J. Califano. and name his hometown street in his honor.
it was brutal lol
"Programmers think better in code." I think I just found a good reason for using #cucumber to force people outside their comfort zone
RT : Ohio State was ranked 4th in social media savvy by Student Advisor. Kudos to our ahead-of-the-curve communicators....
#JustHeard on NBC-5 Chicago commercial: "Rod Blagojevich has a new job in prison"
LMAO!! I'm just trying to get like you!!!
My thoughts exactly. RT Seriously, we're talking about Coachella again already?
#9 im trying to get curves before the summer . shhhh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I'm never going to forgive myself if I hurt you.
Happy to announce is now Interviews Editor at
Miley Is Not A Bad Girl
nice! looking forward to it.
So pumped for the return of Amezaga!
Good day at #SDLFF: "Io Don Giovanni" (now that's the way to enjoy opera!), "Libertador Morales", "Cosas Insignificantes", & "Birdwatchers".
Att: Randy Barone... worked with you in Detroit (WXYZ) early 80s - Barbara Warshaw Kenig (Baby Dell) says hi!
Advertising may be described as the science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it.
relax, still navy but separated
IM TRYING AH!
“: just text me. Please.” will do.
Thank you Morgan! Don't worry, is just as sassy as me. Maybe even moreso?
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday. Don Marquis
I'm totally used to it by now. I mean, I've lived here 4 years!!!
Never get comfortable in a relationship cuz it could end as quiccly as it began...
You've got your hands up, you're rocking in my truck; you've got the radio on, you're singing every song.<3
#iGetRealMadWhen people stick their noses in other people's business
World Chefs: Playful Aduriz masters culinary mind games
We just passed a Christmas tree farm. I legit freaked out.
and I feel like we are in a horror movie cause we are driving through a forest and listening to a song that made us feel like
somebody call me this phone...this phone is wildly out of control
Good luck and hope you're feeling okay!
I love Austin more then I love food. And if you know me like my friends do, you'll know that I love food alot :)
Go Donald Lee...#86 Lives On!
Bedlam in World’s Tallest Building!
Monroe adds a run and leads Edgewood 3-1 in the top of the sixth
Did all the Thunder fans go to bed early?
Ordering extra pickles @ Roscoe diner. They're great!
Psyched for launch of Slant of Light by , which joins The Samaritan by & Dancing with Gravity by
what the hell are you on twitter for and what the hell is up with your name! I'm kickin your ass and tellin your mom
you bringing clothes to change into?
All Aussie directioners on my timeline are like 'HARRY'S NAKED!' and I'm sitting here watching spongebob... Because ayitm ISNT ON HERE
Sunday night Dj night 9pm No cover $3 JUMBO Long Islands. (different DJ each week).
#ReasonsToGetNaked to take a shower lol
Hey Day9 I just got my first casted game up on league, where else should I go to advertise (I tweeted and posted the league forums)?
Good to have some days off. Tomorrow back to the real world though.....
Thanks! I've seen him a couple times before and there's nothing like an evening with
: Hey could you make me one? I cant PM you.... It wont let me
Blinked and gas prices went up 10 cents.
Laying down some tracks? RT : We're looking for studio space in the Chicagoland area...
I don't say this enough but I truly love and appreciate all you. Be safe and have a great weekend.
y'all don't quit do you. He's more American than the whole lot of you obsessive Obama haters. If he's Canadian or Kenyan idnc
“: Problems are only as big as you make them to be.”
I'll be in the gym in 7 hours with Jon to help him cut weight for his Pro Boxing debut
Storyteller Anne Shimojima is driving from Chicago to Indianapolis today. We will have dinner together.
more importantly, the pictures you sent me. I love you baby.
aww thank u. im very blessed(:<3
You too, again thank you!
You are welcome! I've seen better days but at least me and my girl are great! Happy day to you and yours!
Everybody deserves someone who makes them look forward to tomorrow.
It is the surmounting of difficulties that make heroes. Louis Kossuth
RT RT : Stop whining. Start shining. Stop complaining. Start completing.
Wonder when will notice me??? -anna
Had a great day learning new things and adapting new projects. On my way to better things
I didnt get to go visit MY FAMILY because, i didnt take 4 tests in two days.
Here come the Brittany Griner dunk tweets
He Hanging Up And Shit.
Guys these days are starting to be very difficult!!:/ ughh get over yourself
my bad Stillwater,OK wrong Oklahoma team haha. But Stillwater is way more hostile
Dirt Cheap Auto Rental?
WHOA SHUT UP #HIMYM #alwayskeepingmeguessing! Can it be next season yet?!
Listening to Say Somethin before school. Proud Mahomie<3
Campaign for clean energy data centers MT : #Greenpeace Shames #Apple With Fake Window Washing (via )
just got back from Delirium Cafe in Brussels..2,004 beers! and they're all so delicious
are you serious?
Not the stuff you guys did. We're just overwhelmed. Again. Send reinforcements. ;-)
Okay, Internet. You're on your own for the next week. Don't do anything I wouldn't do.
Vanessa Hudgens must be hating her life after seeing Zac in this movie.
On the way to kings island
Cleaning the room while my Hubby cleans our fish tank. :)
Why must my flight this morning be So. F'ing. Early?
2 exams down, one more to go, and move out.. Then summer!!!
because some people are cunts?
deal dun sun
.....am I the only one who hates Christina Aguilera...?
What do you mean chicken isn't vegetarian? :)
Pirates vs. Astros is the free game of the day over at MLB.tv I'd register and watch but the Pirates have all of 1 hit through 5 innings.
Im starting to get piss at twitter.
You said "no they don't." ... no they don't what?
Happiness is worth more after you experience pain.... Because you appreciate it more.
Whoa! 100% pure Alpaca wool yarn!
This isn't an office. It's hell with fluorescent lighting.
obviously your not looking in the right places!
What I've just said. Things have changed in 2 minutes: S and D? No. B and C? Neither...
thought we were already friends D?
I really want it to be summer.
To celebrate #U2 playing in Baltimore tonite, how about #U2lyrics that apply to #print and #marketing? Use hashtag
What are the Best and Worst Aspects of your job?
when is the big day?
enjoy high school while it lasts #goesfasterthanyouthink little cousin
OMG 7th Guest is FREE in the AppStore. Who remembers that game?
Road trip? Where you headed this summer? -PT
"my salsa makes all the girls dance" is the male version of "my milkshake brings all the boys to the yard" <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0085>
Spending the day editing everyone's photos!
Hey Niall (: Good morning from U.S <U+263A>
Okay so clearly I forgot it was friday. Oops:/ but follow these studs pleaaaaaseee And everyone else:)
I make a mean oatmeal.
they need landing intructions on the outside of the baggy
I've been up! Lol salon thuggin and running errands
Wait do you mean the state or the street??I live near that street too!!:)
No <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> for the wicked he he he
I hate our mom.
needs to come to Memphis or Little Rock sometime!! Everyone would be too excited
crying because won't follow me ;(
Deciding if I should run a 6k tomorrow. Downside: meh distance & $35. Upside: $ goes 2 charity, it'll get me up, & new distance so auto PR
Hi Tim! How was lunch today at Kittichai? Hope you enjoyed!
With my windows open, all my neighbors get to enjoy my music. You're welcome, guys!
J Medicine Hat tonight, to go or not to go is the question???
This is our decision to live fast&die young. We've got the vision, now let's have some fun. ;)
Getting a haircut. Finally.
New Artists "pianobydave" has just joined SoloPiano.com!
Excited to play w/ Joanna Pascale, Madison Rast, Mike Kennedy, and Dan Monaghan today. Private event but will be fun.
I'm pretty sure moths are trying to take over the world!
Looking at latest radar: I think snow will end between 1-2am most areas. Until then...let it snow!
can I get a follow and a retweet from the best hall of fame ever?!
Thanks for the mention in Smart Marketers Daily ! ...sry 4 the late response (on vaca & disconnected) looking fwd 2 your insights
Make a wish and hope it's good cause we don't always get the second wish or that second chance
Q from senior to #Zimbabwe youth: "What will you pursue for your future? Would you be interested in coming to the US?"
Shut the hell up
White knuckling it thru a snowstorm on the way 2 msp
Still not sure why anyone would feed pigeons.
15 minutes until the webinar begins with and ! Feel free to use #ContentQs for all questions
Finally off wrk.
you are welcome dude!
We are curious to know if any of you have had success getting your message to your clients through Twitter or is it a waste of time?
Nick may not be on the roster today.but, Will always be a Packer, + has friends on team.I'm sure. Not a hater
aw why?!
Black Documentary for the day "Unchained Memories: Readings from the Slave Narratives."
And...SLP IS FINISHED!!!
Calling nizooooww! RT : needs to call me this morning when his ass wakes up!
Watching Courage the Cowardly Dog. <3
Award: , producing concerts for kids that will include pre-concert learning activities.
Cause most are gold diggers RT : Pretty girls be stuck up AF. Why tho? SMH.
Getting a massage is a great way to nurture, rejuvenate and heal yourself! This applies to guys as well ..
so your deleting or no?!?!
The rain up here will NOT prevent my mom from having a good day! I'll make sure of it! Happy Mother's Day to all the moms in the world!
#ItsHardTo act like you don't exsist
I want tot see a sack on Favre and I want to see it HURT him!
I just auditioned for Jmcasting
Helluva half boys, duplicate them shits!!
People who think they know everything are very annoying to those of us who do.
"the law firm" has been the top back in New England for a couple years.
In the city you go home. In the country you are home.
congrats ladies!!! Xo
Terrible customer service at #southfield #bestbuy. Only 1 employee who know anything about camcorders and he is tied up. HELP
Man! These pretzels are making me thirsty!!
Less talking. More making. My mantra for 2012.
*with lol I spelled it wrong damnit.
that was the most misleading title ever
I just want to wear 5 panels with you and pit.
What new FB friend?
update 2.0: [ ] knew what dime was
talks in third person.
hahaha! Why did I think you were coming home later than you are?
Done! :) “: Follow me please? Or have you already gone over the limit? :(”
Didn't get the hype with Spotify. It didn't seem to do anything Pandora or last.fm didn't do already.
look at that girl with the daisy dukes on.. i want you to, look at that girl with the daisy dukes on! everybody.. lol
Oops, I emailed you but looks like we already have something booked. :/ Sorry about that!
you guys were amazing tonight! And you guys are so sweet:)thanks for coming out after the show & saying hi & taking pictures
Fantastic visit with Liz Garton Scanlon today. New book coming in the spring!
photographing two offices of engineers this week before thanksgiving
I am queen of the stark white bedroom! ;) Loved the color & texture you added & the tips for quick change ups!
Off to the store, nobody else sue the Big East before I get back.
Yes. This. RT Hardest question in a relationship, "What do you feel like eating?"
Woke up in what appears to be a jalapeño chip graveyard.
Happiness Rule #3 - Live simply...be thankful...
Watching St. Elmo's on TV for the hundreth time. Love it like the first. Also a MD Alum so love the football scene at frat row.
thank you very much
Dear Fox, I now retroactively forgive you for ALL crappy programming you have ever aired. The slate is clean
Wednesday night in Oklahoma City, we'll find out if one West Semifinal series has any intention of going longer than five games.
honey badger don't care!
aawww its my birthday and me and my boyfreinds one month annaversarry :3
Girl fuck u no one press lmao
Huh! I was the opposite. I'd hole up at a table or quiet room w/ my ibook, or I would read journals to kill time between classes.
u have to follow me first, u can't direct message people who don't follow u.
Live meeting new creatives!
Babcock on Nick ” he's too good to quit”
Thank you Kofenya!!
God damn it cinco de mayo
any chance of a middle school health and physical education conference?
hey sister! Crazy as always. How r u? How is galley?
This teacher what he hell are we watching????????????
man u crazy for dat video keep up man first 50cent now dondria u da man
Sorry for the spam this am, DON"T click link from earlier tweet, my twitter account was hacked. Sue
Your list can create returns greater than real-estate, stocks, etc. Learn to feed your following.
im afraid to ask what the best 2 are
We just got the Williams-Sonoma Xmas catalog. Now I really want to make a bunch of candy. That's normal, right? ;)
I sent you a text. Well, if you have the same # as you use to. Lol
Man.... This is about to be a close one. Lets go Lakers!
Has anyone gotten their tickets for the upcoming tour? If not, go get it!
Its ready! Now we wait to see if anyone shows up...
I hate that people think I'm mean and they never even got to know me! Maybe I should smile more! Cause I'm really nice! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
thanks Jay! Happy St Pats!
not sure - not my kitteh :-/
i really want those 2nd row tickets for 700 hmm.
Do you mean it will become an actual threat, or a really funny threat? Or both?
Goal tomorrow: Make a dish with leeks. Never had leeks or cooked with them.
Thanks for the plug!
Hey, girl! Miss you too. May's almost here, and that means it's 500 time!
I wish I could sleep.
Never follow someone who can't see further than you. #vision never killed anyone
after seeing your profile pic for the first time just now, I'm surprised u only have one stalker.. haha
wait...what?
lolololololol !!!!! Leave me alone ! >.>
Hey what is wrong with
oh :/ I didn't knew that >.< and well don't worry I'll meet new people in your town just to take you out to a party :D lol
Thanks! And I'm glad you had a great time. I know I did.
Thank you for the mention.
Thank you so much! I'll see you soon!
Get your GREEN products for some St Pattys love!
Do it now! MOVE! I think that works for the Marines... =) Is there anything I can do to help?
Baby you're not like the rest.
love the profile pic :)
I got some beats for you that a str8 FIRE big homie!
THOSE IDIOTS
Time for dinner's soup & sandwiches
kill'm tonight, woo woo !!!
Always be smarter than the people who hire you
They're both bad with the bat, but you can't compare their gloves. Gonzo is tremendous in the field.
just turned it on, thanks for the reminder.
Don't you worry your pretty little mind; people throw rocks at things that shine. ;*
We're welcoming a few more bands to our roster very soon! Your band should be one of them! Please check it out at DebbieDownerEnt.com
TOTALLY jealous. Can't wait to hear the analysis!!!
how have you been doing sexy momma
If today was perfect there would be no need for tomorrow.
Old faces returning to the shop! Little Melissa is coming back to replace me! Yay! Say hi to her tonight and grab a cup. 258 E Eau Gallie
OMG WHEN HE COMES HER 4 TOUR IM GOING TO KIDNAP HIM AND THEN I WILL TELL U 4 WE CAN RAPE HIM ;)
I just hope all this attention doesn't stoke the curiosity of the fire and building inspectors! gulp
I also love it when twitter freezes my computer!
I was watching the History channel (space related) and fell asleep.
Tools like make it easy to stagger your social media posts.
Sounds about right! :) RT : Finally made it to Probably going to sleep shortly
RT : Heads up! Literally... there will be a B-2 Bomber Flyover today ! It's happening at 3:40pm!
Weather is Fabulous Today for a Rooftop Happy Hour at Eden Lounge. Join Carl & Zita for the best Grown & Sexy happy hour. Doors open at 5pm
5 hours until our deadline! Gah!!!
Stressed like I have money on this game. Come on #Nuggets, only cause I hate the
oh ouch.
Good advice for certain. We have a staging environment that mostly mirrors production and allows for direct collab. Very useful.
Every time that Angels commercial comes on I wanna shoot the tv.
i still wont let it show.
Just saw Ken's tweet about the book. Sounds fascinating.
OH at #lidigital: "I don't think about the devices or the platform, I just live my life and get things done." #HigherEDU needs 2 do the same
do you ever use the neti pot or do sinus rinses? They help tremendously.
Hahahaha I hate bugs.):
have to read paper, but dubious of statements such as "Cockroaches do not like to be left alone" when referring to eating poop!
got the butterflies come on lakers
i mean some people.... have short term memory loss.... those signs were put in there for people like me !!
just a quick chat (skype?) to get your perspective on the site. do you consider yourself a fan?
My theories were pretty close to that!
I'm so insecure.
It depends how fast you drink ; ).
I guess I can live without it for a bit. RT": You don't need that ol box. "
Aw if only McDonald's had delivery ..
John Calipari is currently in Pittsburgh watching Andrew and Aaron Harrison (2013) in the Hoop Group Jam Fest.
just placed my first Facebook ad. Hopefully it'll attract some new clients!
u suck :p
I love metallic inks and cool coatings - UV's, varnishes
@ sunset grille in St.Augustine yummy
ok, good to know. Would you be up for a brainstorming conversation?
probably but I can't afford that haha
Yo Georgie!! We are both officially twits! :)
I saw The Select on Saturday. Staging and sound effects were exquisite, acting was stellar. Hope you enjoy it!
I'm at a strange follower/following ratio, so if i don't follow you back right away, don't get upset...I'll catch up!
awesome!! Good luck:) send some my way!
All my new followers.. Whats good? get at me bout whatever...yup.
we are back in the A T L!
Seriously Irving PD is awful, and whoever called the cops on him was profiling him based on his ethnicity & his tats!! Just WRONG!!
#RAIDERNATION What up?
so happy to see you! wish we could have lunch breaks more often :)
Everyone should get back to the basics and start creating original content. Maybe then we'll have a new story to tell.
Our pleasure, wish I could it make it over but will be tied up here! Next time....
Sign up for private acting classes now..a few of our best are offering...www.yatkids.org. 317-614-5057
I'll be your host over at WFNY this weekend. so if any of you sports writers have links that need linking, you let me know.
i did the same thang lol
I don't think I would either. Maybe they should come out with lickable wallpaper for kids rooms. :0)
The path to success is to take massive, determined action. ~ Tony Robbins
Twistii funded Wedding, Beachwear,Swimsuit shoot in Hawaii in August on the black sand beaches & lava flows. Looking for designer partners
The high today ppl is 89.........perfect pool weather....
I think mad at me...but watch. she'll call back in the next 24 hrs..
well thank you(;
I live in denver with my husband of six years this sat. And my 31/2 yr old daughter hayley. I love the avs.
My tape has sent. It's the first one I ever made. Hope you enjoy. Thanks:)
En route to Minneapolis to host a college readiness workshop at the American Indian Science & Engineering Society Conference tomorrow
We got to witness a Jonesy HOME RUN in person today!!! Wooohooo!! :D
I was right. Beer consumed yesterday = 40+ min 5 miler. Shit.....It was worth it!
Good morning
Thank you everyone who came out to the NY show last night! So much fun to be so close to Staten Island!
OH THE HUMANITY
I love when company's websites are down for maintenance + they give you a coupon code for the inconvenience! I always go back!
Know a low-income person who needs a cell phone? Send them to our workshop March 15! Contact us for info.
Follow me? (:
the bathtub is filled with blankets >.<
Hour outside Vegas.
I drink Champagne when I win, to celebrate…and I drink Champagne when I lose, to console myself. ~ Napoleon Bonaparte
it's in the VS bag on your bed
Totally! Must be something in that Scientology stuff.
Does anybody remember the Colts before Peyton Manning? .............. didn't think so
thank you :(
DBacks seem like the mega underdog this year. I'm thinking it goes to Philly, but I'm rooting for the Yanks.
Hubby has a roaring fire going and the Keurig is heating up so we can have hot apple ciders after we shovel! Inspiration to get it done.
I arrived tonight in Tucson. I look forward to a wide-ranging discussion of leadership with a very impressive group on Friday.
Over thinking ruins everything.
Preparing to stay up for ustream tonight! Got my Nutella Monsters and Popcorn
Thanks for following ... might also be interested in ... cheers ~Mark
offers three frame bevel options to ensure the right fit with existing window frames & Marvin’s Ultimate Insert Double Hung.
Well, I just got yelled at, at work. Oh Joy!
always a day late - I'm working on getting things together! Cheers, Berndaette! You're an inspiration!
FOLLOW ME AND I FOLLOW ASAP :) FOR SURE :)
lol this will be the death of me
Good btc's get rewarded freak hoe's get fuck !
Will do, knew something was a little suspicious.
wow, i now have 900 followers on twitter. do i get a prize or something? :)
expecialy in a nice quiet room
ctfu shut up!!!! When u comin back
We are counting down the days until our next show! Please hit us up for a $5 ticket!
thanks for the follow :)
Sorry we didn't get more of a chance to talk. Company in town.
ha ha. Good one! Buddy the crack whore!
Some people just will not change and that is terrible.
The fact that we share the same birthday September 27th ;)
What group-friendly attraction do you like in New York City? Tweet us at
Well let me know, I'll come to the show!
Hello Ms Lady! I'd like to make a cake for you. Can you please make some time for me? LOL
Haven't been on twitter for a few days.. what did i miss D:
Thank u to that special someone who took my mind off everything last night. I havent sweated on dance floor w someone in a longtime hm...
Legend of Kora? What? Idek anymore.
FYI - The #BREWERS racing sausages are on State St. in #madison by Brats if anyone is interested in a photo op.
Stands to reason that Universities would become far "Whiter" because the HS graduation rate for blacks are headed lower.
“: "Get the London look." no thanks. I like my teeth without the gap.” LOLOLOL OMG
I have been obsessed with Stina for about four years now. She's amazing.
tag me
How much better it would be if I were outside right now! SO BEAUTIFUL here in
Starving but too tired to get up.... all nighters are not good for you.
Yeah, I know rt. LOL But actually it was Chris Matthews who said it when talkg abt the POTUS. Arne dnt say it. RT :
Anyone have a 9V? Battery died during last live shot.
Jez just called Diablo Cody Ferrari Del Forte and couldn't tell why I didn't know who it was
so what u sayin isSOME women hoes and SOME women bitches....got u....good lookin out
Sunday pitching can't miss: Weaver vs. Verlander
RT : Pisses me off more than anything when people KNOW we close at 12 and they BS around... It's 12:15. I should be at home
Great article in Parade today! You should have talked more about your favorite salads!
My phone is acting like a stupid cunt. The battery died & it won't turn on even when it's on the charger.
Realtors & Lenders... Help your clients save money on insurance and be better protected while filling up your gas tank on us... Call me for…
Why be a man when you can be a success?
Its Monday Morning. Forgive me if I grunt excessively.
has relish always been part of "the works" on your burgers?
i want to learn how to play bass! someone teach me
OMG I LOVEYOU GUYS SO MUCH. PLEASE FOLLOW ME <333
Defending champ Dallas Mavericks in trouble
second GROW47 committee meeting last night. Great ideas and lots of progress. Another announcement coming tomorrow!
Don't be bitter. Never pays off. Trust me. Dealing with that now.
lol hahaha if its not too much to ask could plz ask for arianna to follw me..... yea
Thanks for the support!
Talk on coleg suddenly switched from civilunions to Lobato, not a good sign IMHO. Nothing from nic or Eli.
Phil Galfond Wins $400K in Less Than 7 Days
I try to tolerate your show, but your comments on the environment / global warming today are just too ignorant / selfish!!!
hey Mick!
Only teacher imma miss is mr. Crawford and maybe mrs. Stonge her noisy ass lol.
Shaq came to Houston and got rocked like base... man we don't play
The Gospel is not being preached correctly until my hands are moving as much as my lips.
:-X (continuing to hold in naughty comments) :)
I can't thank SBD enough for a great 4 years. Excited to join Summit -- new Twitter account is Thanks to all.
ha! either way, you guys have fun Over There.
Fisher doin' a couple of good things at OKC and LAL is pist
does it really matter if were going out were just bestfriends.......? <3
kale rules but now I'm going to have to check out wheat berries.
I get startin Estrada he deserves the chance hopefully this won't mess them both up, since their flip flopped (Peralta in relief)
Wishing a happy 1st day on set. Break a leg, good lookin'! cc:
RT : 8:10 pm ET: Scott J. Brown will discuss the potential economic impact of the earthquake and tsunami on CNBC
Freaking mad my effing dog stepped all over the shirt and messed it up.. Well maybe next time
I have no hw tonight but I can't even sleep -______________-
but, much as i like supporting artists / creators, there's only so much sexist & idiotic crap i can stand watching 1x, let alone 20x
We share this concern on the strategy team. Also balancing that with a desire to keep the conversation going
I'm a guy and I'm gay
A big thanks this morning to
Well you of course, Joe! RT happy hour question: if you could have a pint - with anyone in portland - who would it be?
Thanks for the RT
My favorite Pareto optimal SCOTUS conference rule: Nobody speaks twice until everybody speaks once.
well I like 2 go places all around the world :)
Anytime lady!
is king of the #. Far from sneaky.
From South Grove Tap meeting: "The culture of our building has changed. Much more discussion about quality instruction."
TRAK Records and Library now has a Twitter page! Follow for the latest updates!
So they made a 20 foot musical score set piece?
3 year old niece playing with my hair
impromptu writing date in 7 min? Sunday night, you’re just full of win aren’t you?
It makes me sad knowing that Austin didn't get to go to his prom. He's given up a LOT for us. So don't say that he hasn't.
Thanks, I did check it out!!
BREAKING: The Cutting Edge is streaming on Netflix. Great date movie without leaving the house.
We have this info for you. Will shoot you an email w/ the recap :) cc:
yeah buddy! Great to hear from ya!
There has been a change of plans in my life
#3wordsforyou pack a bowl
Badidos was so
oh i will! I'll hang it on my wall. Hahah
#NeverSayNever when you are living your your dreams no matter what obstacles u face or what people say or think
As do we. RT Do you have a flag that needs cleaning before Memorial Day? We clean American flags free of charge everyday
sounds interesting, I'll check out ur site. I see ur son has talent too maybe we'll link up sometime
oh ok!
no problem :) les meto una chinga just tell me who :b lol
welcome to Jacksonville, the city of two Navy bases!
Of course, I do now, Not dat much of a rookie tho
Goodnight big lip :P
Next goal. A new 15 minute set for next Friday.
My sister thinks she is about to get me to watch the entire Twilight series..we'll see how that works out for her..
Please DM me if you would like to volunteer to help support in her campaign. Thank you!
If your dog or cat is vomiting frequently bring in for exam.
I did. I battled hook, found tiger lilly, rescued windy, even walked the plank.
what the BUCK!
All you have to do is mention the word "walk" and Bella's running towards the door.
She will LOVE a Canyon Group chenille robe for Mother's Day! www.rosegardenboutique.com
YOU'RE UP ALREADY?!?!? Good Morning Sunshine(: .
RT : Most of the shows on MTV should really be called "Why you should go to college."
After helping you make the playoffs last year and you have to hate...RT : I love all these Os fans now diggin themselves too!"
Haha ;-) Why arent you at the Lucia libre show at the dome??
Are you and Austin coming to visit San Antonio? Cause I have a birthday party for y'all to come too<3
good luck to the whole gang this week with your practice runs! Can't wait to see the place for myself!
I wish I still had a camera that required me to develop the film... I miss my 110... (advancing film noise)
I hate my fucking life, but when I make that announcement, my hero calls my phone, just to put that in doubt then.
RT - What pro team is the greatest franchise noned to people today A Boston celtics B la lakers C ny Yankees D n...
I once was an ice cream binging Jenny Craig diet counselor. Seriously.
love you too best friend.
What the shit is a super moon?
Exercised 4 times last werk and on purpose! Plus swam today! I'm so proud of me. Hope to start losing weight:-)
I'll drink to that. Having some Pinot Grigio. Early Sunday supper in my Midwest home.
At #ATT texting rates, sending a CD worth of data would cost you $97,500
did... you eat it delanie? ewwwwww you cat poop eater!
Shaq & Chuck off the rip
You know what say it is. . . Twitter day! Follow me
potty mouth
I hate immature women, GROW THE FUCK UP.
Should I include a reference from I Maccabees? I'm getting along with everyone at my new church. Then again, the text is useful
RT : To die would be an awful big adventure.
let's keep it that way and not mess with stripper laws.
I hate waiting on people!
Free Edge/Pole Pad up to $299 Value PLUS $300 Off Signature Series GoalSetter Basketball- sale ends 2/24 in #Cincinnati or #Powell locations
Wow. So did I! :) (dob Feb 6, '84) Great list, thank you for sharing. Best of luck making it all happen as you move forward.
Reading an article in American Archivist related to digital preservation and the cited URL I need is dead. Um.
#Ilovemymombecause to me she's been a mother and a father
Ha...well I tried.
look stunning I love Kimberley's dress <U+2764>
Without #PR at the table to provide ethical counsel in a crisis, "It's the CEO, an accountant, a lawyer and God help you."
Come on 3
I don't play video games anymore because depression and lack of a social life prohibit me from taking any enjoyment from it
U/D Cordelia - Fire under control.
Thanks. Just having fun while on radio . They say I have a face for it
just blow this game
I can help you out if you ever have questions. Sounds like a good class. Who's teaching it?
Thanks for the kind mentions!
Washing down vitamins with a Red Bull. Yeah, it's going to be that kind of day.
We are ending the year with the student/teacher talent show.
RT : RT : Dear "cool people", They didn't name a candy after you, did they? Sincerely, Nerds
- What type of lock are you looking for? Let us know how we can help!
Oops. Meant Results OF my poll.....
Tonight, HEAVY w/'The Wizard' Brian Coxx, That Kid Chris, Oscar P & more. 35 E. 13th Street (), NYC. RSVP to RED
Earthquakes in San Francisco are like riding a big wave surfing.
Register today-Lofty Dog Halloween Fashound Show-Proceeds benefit local area rescues. Need a costume? We got em! www.austinbarkitecture.com
#IndieMusic MP3: New Beard – “Doom”
I'd like to connect with you about my work.
I would be too if I wasn't here!
“: Tonight on #Conan, and I have a civilized interview. And then one of us smashes Andy in the face."
I think you bring up an excellent point, southern.
I have a Promzilla on my hands. That is all.
Did someone say hybrid?
your parents sound very cool
RNG just blew me away
Additional nuggets not nuggest...
happy mothers day Cynthia
I can't believe I'm at moondogs.
Today Monday means work potluck... Sounds good to me!
anyone see Dragon Tatoo this weekend? how was it?
You are most welcome.
"He who laughs last didn't get it"
Anyone from JLM familiar with a bus to TLV that leaves from the Tchernokofski area? Looking for alternatives from the central bus station.
me neither.
Also, every time I type "sharing" I'm afraid I'm accidentally going to type "sharting"
Wow. That sounds like tasty potassium death. Am jealous! (BTW, we just polished off the amazing cranberry marmalade!)
you guys are still engaged right? :)
We are doing triage on the network. Thanks for the patience. #hack4reno start prototyping locally!
Lakers getting schooled like Delinquents! I said Kobe was gonna do it! Just not necessarily today!
Headed all da way back to work for a safety briefing while I drive bk in da rain, ain't that sum ishhhh
how are ya?<3
My sister saw it and said it was cute. RT : Has anyone seen Young Adult? The wife and I r thinking of seeing a movie tonight
You can watch the game, you can play the game, or you can change the way the game is played...be a Gamechanger!
Last night I sang the high F above the staff. It was an easy awesome feeling. Cheers to learning!
hey jacob, how is your christmas going? Hope it goes well :)
Pretty over the top, don't know how it could be all that tasty!
But I guess IDAHAT wasn't as snappy an abbreviation.
TY for retweet on this- that's 2x today. I must be on my game! :)
And that ON MY MAMA
awesome idea Llyod! I hope you'll make other areas part of your travels. Either way goodluck! I hope to enjoy one soon
Van Halen w/David Lee Roth perform in #SanDiego in June. Opening act: Kool & The Gang. Who's in?
Time to get my #Zumba on
Breakfast, workout then work..... Bawse
I think you've just been living in sugarland too long
Lol. That sucks though! I hate when I have sleepless nights, I couldn't imagine all the time or at least real often
I'm watching on justintv, just saying though
They straight played me on this SAT test
I already follow her.....Does that count? Haha
Shatter every window till it's all blown away.
Lost boys make for bad lovers and good liars
omg. I got them flip phones
Thanks for the #FF. Have a great weekend. Hope you're doing well.
It's crazy how I'm zipping through the songs on my iPod and when I come across a 1D song I just can't skip it.... #onedirection <3
is such a pussy. Why don't you go AWOL on
I think none of the #nicar12 attendants appreciated the "show-me"state and now it's punishing us with wind in NYC.Or maybe just me?
yeah, when are you available? Sunday brunch?
Good season #Lions .. Sure as shit hope u "learned" this year.. Next year i expect a Superbowl victory!!
don't worry i have something to say
I am the master of Irish goodbyes
#wordoftheday I'm all agog to find out which of my favorite songs made the Top 500 Songs. -Thanks Michelle
my neighbor is selfish. He uses the front of my house as a personal parking lot by moving one car & parking another. Its terrible!
#MM Preferred Profs to follow
I didn't feel no shaking... Wait... Maybe cause I'm to drunk! Lol!
I would like to reccomend Nicholas:The Fantastic Origin of Santa Claus by
<--- Beyond LIVID
Going to #NY tomorrow for the #Artexpo fair! Who is going? Will be there Thurs-Fri.
just wanted to wish you a happy Friday! Thanks for all the twitter support for both me and :)
This is funny! Hey, guys. What's the score of the g...aw shit...”
trying your roasted squash seeds recipe tonight!
My sister bit my cousin.. so I bit my sister back XD She probably won't be biting ever again.
Damn. The cowboy bar that used to visit for a good laugh went out of business. Now where do I go while she gets her nails did?
#Stronger should be number one this week
This girl is damn lying, Idgaf what she says toe anymore. She could just take her ass home
Sal, know you must be very sad today - hope HS lets you talk about Beastie Boys Monday.
So glad I finally got to see
Nice work. You're welcome to stop by for the pic as well! ;)
Since I'm done it's time to party !
However I did have a good laugh when I arrived in Midland, lol!
I want a dog
Aint Feelin Lyk Myself Right Now For Some Reason
We all have that friend who nevr has a clue what is going on
Bitches think they doing sum when they say no filter on instagram.. lol!
you look lost Cody,haha(not to be mean)
Thank you!
is too cool to text me. whatever.
Good morning peeps! ROCK the week!
you mean, like people and machines? whoa, dude.
Women & men! Do you think more media/public images of breastfeeding women would help normalize it? Now breasts just=sex.
Sick of sentimental #CivilWar stories? Read GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan. $2.99 AmazonKindle. Gritty tale of women in Hooker's camp.
That awkward moment when girls pictures on twitter arent really them, but they have guys telling them their gorgeous. LOL, gtfo.
It depends on the type of procedure. Today most all sx spine procedures can be done using a minimally invasive approach.
falling asleep to rain> #heavenlyy<U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
#ImagineMahone you and Austin having a snow ball fight he hits you on the side of your face by accident he rushes over and kisses it better
I so need a DMB fix right now!!! Pick me up love~EVERYDAY!!! ;p
This makes me feel good. :) RT : RT : #Mariners beat the #Yankees 6-2.
That's some shit talking to yo fam not knowing he dead .... Until you look over
Wish we could... life on the road - ya know?
congratulations on the schools first post season win. Great Job!!
pretty good (: u?
Thanks for the tip! We'll keep you posted on the next one! you in?
I've been following you,can you follow me
don't you think needs to be with next Wednesday?
#YesArmy How are we feeling out there?
pretty good(: u?
make it 3
Thank go tomorrow is friday -.-
Wow seriouslly that is messed up? So did she ask 4 a kiss from him? Or did she want to kiss his cheek?
love the fact that your not ashamed to admit your love for the lord!!
#YouKnowYouLookLikeATwat when you get half way through your day at work and realise your jumper is inside out!
Prediction: Santorum will win the Kentucky primary May 22nd. The headline "Santorum takes KY" and we'll all have a good chuckle.
Cards baseball up 5
Time to switch over to the Thunder game. is doin the damn thing
I COMPLETELY understand! I would just love to see u kill it on stage, I was too YOUNG when u were performing years ago!
Four heartbreaks in three years for the Raider Nation.God I hope the Raiders don't let this chance slip away with another 5-11 or worse.
may have been a goat in another life, considering all the garbage I've consumed today.
Cops are already stationed around Yale Park!
You're really boosting my ego with all these favorites
i cant go to ur photoshoot/: my parents wouldnt take me );
Irondequoit and Sodus locations will be open Saturday if you need us. Have a great weekend everyone!
would not have thought that
RT : RT : Good lord, Favre rules.
I'm leavin tomorrow ASAP ): but I'm sure we'll see you over the summer!
If you have a business and are interested in promoting your product to 1,000's per day. Please email
Enjoying a good local beer in
yay! Next up, retirement.
I love the people in my life. Thanks for all the support guys!
Most dont even know the names RT : Fmr MLBPA GC Dick Moss gets #SLA12 Award. athl owe gratitude/$$ to Moss, M. Miller & C Flood
Avoid payin dues and youre bound to pay, Grind too much get Ground Away
YOU BET!!! are doing some amazing work here in Chicago! ;) Thanks, in part, to the Summit and Training.
David DeCastro will be the Starting Left Guard for
i know!
When me and know we can get through shit >>>
Radioactive water leaks from Tepco plant.
It feels nice to call you mine <3
Mom chill its juss my bed thats not made
- thanks for the follow
#thescript's song nothing is so beautiful!!!
Thanks again man. I can't wait for the weekend of the 16th!
Investors wanted! Great income properties, 40-60% below market value! Several with financing in place and 0 down!! Call me today!!
So tired & my feet are killing me.
how's it hanging man?
YEAH BABY!!!
Who currently holds assit. record?
Happy valentines day to my fellow fitness people! Create something memorable today :)
I still love watching all the old Bob Ross Joy of Painting shows on !
for the record I'm drunk so my tweets shouldn't be taken seriously
Thats absurd. We will make sue you are refunded. They must have been extremely busy with the bad weather. Sorry man.
Rick Ross - "McDonalds"
Only if AMC Stubs gave me points for all the advanced screenings I attend there! Haha.
got asked if I went anywhere over spring break because I got darker and have a great tan... Haven't I always been tanned?
I officially hate cooking
I can tell ur busy so whenever ur ready to talk to me im here luvz hope all goes well with ur show 2morro wish I was there !
's birthday gift would come the day after I see her. Off to the post office!
"Golden slumbers fill your eyes. Smiles awake you when you rise." ::the beatles::golden slumbers::
Holiday Party tip:Watch the beverages, especially alcohol, they have high calorie counts.Drink water and have a natural high.
yeah I didn't mean you(: your an exception haha!
See You Tmrw At School(: Txt Me In The Morning..... I Domt Like School Its #BORING You Just Read && Do Work
Mark, I'm wondering if there's something we could do with the new hymns project with missionaries (to encourage them)?
It's coming soon my dude. Thank you for blessing it my man...
i don't see anything now so just say what you wanna say. its kinda funny how I'm not listening anywaaayyyyyy
oh please! Lol
Thank you for shining a light text mining, an often-overlooked part of data mining.
hello my long lost tweeter. How have u been?
I think you have to look at it long term, and use it as a point of differentiation. It would certainly benefit turnover.
#Android market comment for the new game CandySwipe FREE: "Pretty neat game.. pass time at work" by Crystal
Catching up on "celebrity apprentice"
As long as injustice abounds in the workplace, no salad is safe!
so much to do in such little time.
Four innings complete here in Monroe and the Cheese lead 2-1 v Edgewood in softball
make sure you put the link for those who aren't ;)
Of course why would my power point project that i worked on for over a month wana send or even work?!
did you know your the Swagmaster from Doncaster cause your fablouis!
#PositiveTweet “: When life gives you lemonade... add VODKA!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>”
Good morning #Pasco! What's happening around the #tampabay area today?
Up early as hell on the way to slang studios
I seriously love college.
Many Royals have done so, most recently Joe Randa. Less common now, with such crazy money they can have two homes.
Why aint go to school ?
Day of the underdogs. Wow.
I like it too. I love doing research, and this allows me to do it in bite-size pieces ... although it's easy to gorge!
Beware Rose will be tweeting soon too... RT: Hey Bry hope you are having a fun Xmas Eve!
yuh got one of those messages from you, change your password or some shit
Families Fighting Flu! RT : What are some of your favorite charities for year end donations?
Happy Halloween from all of us here at Long Beach Hydrobikes!
that only means one thing: Ron Paul should join Swamp People.
": fight weekend.....first weekend in May...:-)"can't may 3rd is my daughters birthday
My dad F's up all my plans too man. sorry:(
"When it is dark enough, you can see the stars." ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Wow! Clippers and grizzlies showed good sportsmanship before the game!
Tickets bought! The lil' man was adamant about it this morning. Looking forward to a great night out <3
You know an author is good when you finish their book and you instantly want to read something else by them.
You bet, looking forward to your tweets!
if ever on the look out for custom furniture in any Benjamin Moore color. Please let us help. Heard good things about you.
4 months without phone service. No follow up. Still getting bills. On my 8th call about it.
I will build the collection today and send a link via Twitter. Then we choose one to start with, schedule a call and record away!
The man who has no imagination has no wings
#ImThatPersonWho will forgive you depending on what you did
My luv for people who talk loudly on their cell phones in public and the harmonious sounds of tambourines are in my mind... synonymous...
Where did I put that hand sanitizer?
good for you!
"Iceberg lettuce has no nutritional value" But its the best kind :'(
#Burlesque www.mondaynighttease.com/mnt/Sept_12th.html Isn't it about time you came? They will Trip the Light Fantastic Tonight!
is that a dare?
If You Love Me i would know
BREAKING: Tim Tebow is now a NY JET!!!
WOW the youtube awards, send me a link
#schematics is just that new word...like a 3 syllabled
run run run. run tegan and sara lol
May the best of your past be the worst of your future.
When I will be doing the interview, I'll be sure to let your guys know
have fun Chica!
happy birthday!!!
I'm cool with the Pacers haters on the TL now (cough cough). But I can't stomach the LeBron fans. How do you root for him?
Interesting, but I'm not sure if you mean the book's quotes are meant to be aimed at me or others :-)
madee a 95 on my first AP exam thouu
Holy shit! It's beautiful in Seattle.
enjoyed this tweet; would read again.
haha no... Im trying to not make fun of your hair any more but we could start saying roo?
Today is gonna be a good day
Hey can you believe that told me that I am not allowed to wear a hood while I work out... hm No sweat here
that would be awesome! I would be there taking pics and vids.
are you guys still gonna be in vegas this weekend? :) im going this weekend!
1st meeting of ARCHE Sustainability Committee today. Look for collaboration around green purchasing, info sharing, student research, more.
was it from Chipotle? Id like you to get her name please.
Our website server is being flaky still. Working on it...
West side front train full. Back train has room.
is starting to like hockey a little to much.
We hope everyone has a safe trip home and a very Merry Christmas with their family and friends!! Oh & Happy New Year!!!!
not really something I should be advocating, but it's who I am. Fuck it. At least I aren't as bad as the other guy.
has finally changed her avi after about 2 years everyone! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
#saito austere. Lots of text. Assume it's readable on the poster.
Spending the day with fellow WV Dems. Women's Luncheon at the Gov Mansion then to the JJ Dinner to hear Al Franken. Sure to see many of u.
So bored and i wish i can go walking to my house
Royale has the O Brother soundtrack on shuffle with a bunch of other stuff. Just waiting for Ralph Stanley's "O Death." Can wait all day.
Every man dies - not every man really lives. - William Wallace -
"SUPER" Saturday lineup: #SuperBowl control cntr training, then teammate pep rally , finishing with #mibor ball! So excited
My bf out here looking like a bum...
I mean, hey, I think he's hot...I'm just saying...I wouldn't be shocked if it were true. lol
Return to the Lord..for he will abundantly pardon -Isaiah 55:7
Spring break about to be crazy once again
Swagat indian carryout FTW!
Get well soon, Baron!
“: I Love electronic/ house music a lot more now” Carla! Who do you listen to? Have you checked out sound cloud lately?
I hate weak ass niggas
Note to self: don't undo trousers while walking down the corridor to the toilets at work.
hahahaha true it is...
Ladies.. Hoes will NEVER admit they Hoes unless they Girlfriends tell her she a Hoe. Otherwise she gone think she just fine!
“This is our time to get back into Avenged Sevenfold, and I’m sure by next summer it’ll all be going again,” he explains.
Getting ready to hit the road.
Two, everyone thinks their problems are most important. So anti-white racism is "the real racism" when it's what you notice personally.
I've been thinking a lot about this lately. As in, do I want to be watched?
In the category of small world: The guy sitting next to me at a bar in Birmingham, Alabama is from my hometown of Jasper, Indiana!
nikki i look smokin hot! you can't compete with that!
Lol!!! The leading lady is quite cute, too!! Go Nick!!!!
is on board with Thai Chichen Salad cups, BBQ Pork sliders w/horseradish slaw AND... mini funnel cakes w/powdered sugar.
RT : A great list of design-related public good in 2011 by including AIGA Design for Good at
<3 haha i know that song by heart...along with all of the other ones XD
Al harrington look like a skinny ass debow of friday
Attending #NACCU today and tomorrow with Matt McDaniel of Great event for campus card users. Come say hi to me!
I long to alleviate the evil, but I cannot, And I too suffer
Good morning world :)
Crowdsourcing a memory lapse: what was the pre-collab course management system at UVA called?
- A modern Haiku. Built on medieval structure. Then do vice-versa.
zap zap zap zap zap zap zap zap zap
Tryin To Do It To The Limit And Love It Alot....
May you dream about cats and good travels, friends!
Life seems harder when you have a good heart. You help too much. You give too much. You trust too much. And most of all, you love too much.
....passing through the valley than to those who inhabit the mountain? - Kahlil Gibran
Warning 2 all New Yorkers: if I see you rocking head-to-toe Lakers gear, complete stranger or not, I will hug u in the middle of the street.
Perfect day for the air-conditioner to crap out! #notcool!
GOD IS AWESOME!
I stay in the portland Oregon area
it was the PA guy that energized them for the comeback!
im just curious but are you in a relationship whats your status i am single just looking for some love
Cool beans! Look forward to the feedback
Kershaw just got thrown out of a game. He was throwing a one hitter!
half of womens problems with men are their own faults because they hold us to unreachable standards.
The fact that is in the same city and time zone is comforting...can you just stay forever or come to woodland hills biatch!!
No Matter What !!!! We ain't got no strings attached !!!!
#liber2011 KB used statistical experts in creating the valuation model.
2nite Im fixing Buffalo Wings, Deviled Eggs, Garlic Mash Potatoes, and Bake Beans, Deliciousness Cometh!!!!
Titanic: "Nothing On Earth Could Come Between Them." Except Class. Jack Dawson is the 99%?
#GetAustinToPhilly I Need To Meet My Husband<3
This was the best day of my life with 2 special people! Had a great time ;)
Ouch! Selfishly glad you forgot about that. :) Awesome hanging w you and !
Last prom.. Dunzo. Senior year is so bittersweet. #OneMoreMonth :/
which one???
We gettin crazy , , , hope is ready for us!!
Thank u! RT Sweet Sunday LO<U+2665>E n J<U+263A>Y Tweetiepies
nothing much happening man. It's like the Glee flash mob, just angrier
no problem (:
CAN'T. STOP. LISTENING. to "Coming Up Strong"!! May 8th needs to get here faster so I can hear the rest of
RT when some1 annoys u it takes 42 muscles to frown, but it only takes 4 muscles to extend ur arm out and smack'em in the head
Madison! Double encore!?! Thank you!!
Hypnosis 4 Hiccups - Hard 2 do in a tweet, tho -
we cant great a break wtf!!!!
you said you wanted to spend the rest of your life with me
Another reason to be proud to have the IMA, see story
I was openly mocked for taking Aaron Rodgers in the first round of my fantasy draft. No one's mocking me now.
Applying antifungal cream on my eyeballs. TEE HEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#ThankYouCody for raising my standards for boys! I am looking for a gentleman! btw it's totally cool if he's Australian!
send me a shout out i really need followers get me to 45 and i will be SO HAPPY
'Co-opetition is the name of the new game.'
“: Let's be real, sick days are actually hungover days.”
Happy Birthday to my Baby Girl Bella! Seven years ago today my life changed forever. "No one loves you like your Daddy!"
Benchmarking of learning spaces- traditional vs. current trends
Blouse on yo life
Phantasy Star Online 2: MAG Fest: We traverse a future space forest in the closed beta of Sega's long awaited MMO...
You're welcome, hun :) Degrees are suppose to be mean something lol. Damn good jobs that is :D in the 80's? Whoa LOL That's the...
oh you're still in escuela ~_~ waiit, so when do you go to the gym? You go before school or something?
#HitDirectionersWithAShovelDay Yeah...no...
Holy cow! And I'm impressed with myself when I ride 24 miles (mostly flat.) Go Jes!
Do you live in #SWFL ? Do you feel like you have been #injured by an employer? NoonanLaw.com
Roses are red violets are blue i never knew what love was til the day i met you......love ya <3 =)
Welcome to SD Marathon! Swing by tonight to carbo load and relax before the big race! Happy Hour starts at 5pm.
Yes that was a serious quote lol
If a girl tells you to listen to a song pay attention to the lyrics
yes! Love Jonny!
seems not but I know where and when and I shall be there. I promise.
BINGO! That is the correct answer!
1) Never leave your passport in the back of a cab. 2) Thank God that there are still some honest people in NYC 3) I have the best friends.
“: So excited! I love shopping for my wife!!” I don't hate it either :)
My avengers movie ticket is secured. Now I play the waiting game
It's starting to feel like Florida weather. Eww.
Chris Wolf: EU privacy proposals at "dramatic--& perhaps draconian." National laws >> centralized privacy regulation & enforcement
My pleasure. I look forward to it every year!
We can be super seniors together! lol
Every day my work makes it clear that I really should start learning French.
and how are you if yhu tweetin???
Up up up up up up!:)
you're right im much funnier in real life 8-)
It's one of my favorite hats...dirr :) On or off, I'll still hold you accountable ;)
Good job guys! Google is a good get. wow, that was a lot of words with "g".
Got paint samples of possible colors for the kitchen remodel. Painted wall with one, found it exactly matches current paint.
M... Victor from Dance Moms is perfection. :)
1st Winning Pick - #NFL Week 13..Chargers/Browns (43)..#Take_The_Over...Chargers O is firing on all cylinders & Browns are starting to score
Today my buddy and I have been texting Eddie Murphy quotes back and forth.
Ha! Took my lunch break early for a rescheduled haircut :)
can you still be an environmentalist and still believe in paper towels?
i just came up. Bestbuy and amazon are following me.
The grand opening is on the 5th
I do find myself much more receptive to kitteh sloppy seconds =)
#ThingsIGetALot; "You're crazy, but I love you." (-:
First grand slam by a #Brewers position play since June 14, 2010 (Braun at LAA). Marcum had only grand slam last year (July 4 vs. Dbacks)
my family would have graduation party's in the front yard yeah i'm mexican :p
Yep, he'll be singing the blues in November!
u there???
grilled by #economicsummit students today, said teachers getting $2000 raise. Really. Neglected fact it's beginning teachers only
The helicopter move was bad ass!!! You look hot!
im tryna shoot a video
I always thought you and would make a cute couple. what do you think? LOL
I know. I'm with you. Just saying. Shove us on the badlands and expect us to shut up. (Oneida here).
Apparently, it's Ash Wednesday? Should've called out.
RT : RT : Just posted some of 's current open positions on 's job board. Great resource.
Fundamentals remain for gold to resume its bull run - CITY A.M.
Old school wisdom! RT : double can holes is mom science 101
we'll do our best.
Lol you right. It's only a month tho bruh!
i love you to!!!! <3 follow me someday please.
My Dad Drank a Little and Smoked but quit both when I was about 13 to set a Good example for me. Parenting 101 pls RT
loved your insights and the way you delivered them at #DBC2012. Can't wait to see what is pouring next year.
well said!
So true! RT A certain amount of opposition is of great help to a man. Kites rise against, not with the wind.
You have my vote sir. And my axe. But mostly my vote.
"There's just something about you"
Welcome to twitter !
To all our ROUTES attendees, Welcome! Share your ROUTES experience through Twitter by using the hashtag
Sparano is the OC. of the Jets.
It is better to bind your children to you by a feeling of respect and by gentleness, than by fear. Anonymous
My phone hates me :/
To help you get ready for #ISSMA State Solo/Ens, we're having an open "mic" day this Saturday! Come test drive your piece (con't)...
smut stand back and ctach my amazing graces
The last 6 people I saw walk up to the buffet just prevented me from getting seconds.
Ah. I just woke up! I got in trouble. I fell asleep with the tv on. 8 had a bad dream too. :(
Erykah Badu will be checking in with me. What do you want me to ask her?
very pretty......i just started following you
Yeah but Paul Martin can only take so much, and his trade value is low as it is...
Am I crazy or falling in love Is it real or just another crush Do you catch a breath
I've always said that if i could quit one bodily function, it would be sleeping.
I was taught to make shit like this motivate me
More sessions should incorporate music - Gen X session is hilarious and almost a support session
Family faces are magic mirrors. Looking at people who belong to us, we see the past, present, and future. ~Gail Lumet Buckley
"The U.S. Census Bureau reported Thursday that more minority children are being born in America than white children"
A cloud
These alerts always bring me back to 2003. ": Great Fire Update: 2000 acres 25% contained. #Great"
I'm having major #alcide withdrawls
not relevant. He stinks on Ice
Please sleep. Please sleep. Please sleep. Wait, the clowns will eat me.
you have cold feet
Working four hours at the Northwest branch today. Should be slow. This branch isn't known for it's large amount of patrons.
Have any leads on 1-2 #salesforce developers who want to help develop healthcare app at startup? # developer
Thanks for the mention!
who do we have to be to receive God's answer to our prayer?
Book Girl! About a girl who is a "book gobbler."
KG + a bag of redhots = poor man's fireball
The wife is Serving as the federal legal consultant for Mitt Romney's visit today, and I'm at home watching Trollhunter.
Game time!
glad im back in pittsburgh
so stop defending her & just enjoy her. U don't have to fight her battles lol. People think what they want. Don't waste ur energy.
My mother is drunk texting me telling me how fun being drunk is. She had one margarita.
So who thinks Vigneault is going back to Vancouver
All these fans that always complain about Melo will miss these days when he is gone. It will take a while till we have a player this caliber
Bon qui qui is just about the best thing ever
Grabbing sound bites from students for the video finale for #expeditionhewitt "I love working with students in diff grades"
lol yea, I'll be at school tommorow thou
Bon Iver's Hinnom, TX sounds so good live i wanna cry
Awesome video! It's a must watch, for sure. What day are you guys playing Sasquatch?
Ready 4 the weekend!
Rant Sports is looking to hire NBA fans to blog about their favorite teams, send a direct message if interested in a paid blogger position
Started reading The Hunger Games last night. Finished it. Yes, it's that good. Can't wait to read the next one!
frankie edgar ftw.
whoever is worth my time
my god flipboard is like crack!
y u mad at me
still has to prove it, but read context, all he said was "I think I'm the best" 95 percent of players have same mindset.
what's this guy's deal?
Still can't breathe and think at the same time
Ha, yes that makes more sense. I'd assumed there was some bizarre physics term at play - 'Giant Rat Atom' eg
Thanks Have a great day at Destination ImagiNation tournaments!
Stricker got hot from the free throw line. Nice call
ok I'll keep an eye out for it.
I wish I could mute U.
omg yes heres another one I love!
Selling out again for #PlayItAgainSam !
Headed to the northwest side of Dupont Circle sometime soon?
#ThatAwkwardMoment when ur mom r dad gives u a talk .
Honestly, its my body and my cleavage is none of ya business.
I'm looking for some guest bloggers for Anyone interested?
I have plenty of clothes. It's the expectation that they should actually *match* that's the problem.
Let's talk about how jealous I am that I don't live in Europe and didn't get to watch Luxury Comedy last night...
": your face !" Is Beautiful. Thanks hun, tell it again.
aren't you coming home for easter?
Peace out Ebanks.
Gross ass bitch!
same here my friend
The student manning the room where I accompanied an All-State solo was also auditioning on piano, violin, and voice. Mini Me or just Asian?
There's **
Having a last hurrah brunch at cocotte. Oh so good mary and rabbit hash. [drools]
We're gamer geeks here too... When the publishing world gets to be too much, it's time to fire up the Xbox....
It's Derby Day. I need to sound like an expert on horse racing. help me out!
Nice to meet you guys on Saturday ! Cheers!
My back is feeling better, weeded this morning and can't wait to bike today! One of the best medicines for sore muscles is to use them!
place in the Art Institute building?
wait, you're not on the 53, are you?
Tami tryin to forget her past
Fusion had a good 1st trip to the Kick It 3v3 World Championship. Girls learned how to prepare and compete on the big stage! LifeLongLessons
Awesome race, it's good to see Helio climbing the fence again.
ATL has a lot of good music & people, it would be a pleasure to visit again! :) RT : Come back to ATL soon! I...
Finding treasure with Nicolas cage
I SMELL LIKE DONUTS
RT : Let's go Marquette <-we love and let's go
dude remember when we was at johns funeral and yuu.hugged me when I was crien? Idk what made me think about that but I miss you!!!
They're basically trying to turn into a Huff Post clone. Sucks.
good morning ;)
thanks for the #FF!
Happy Hump Day! What gets you through the day... red bull? Office pranks?
oh yeah, I'm thinking of something WAY bitchier than than that. like...I'm talkin' bit-CHAY!
So, today I'm in a cab to Soho and the driver in broken English says: "I'm new. Could you tell me the streets to take?" What THE?!!!
At the rusty bucket jus ate a sandwich :)
I need to go to the mall
Reverbnation.com/unknownakajondoe listen n vote for ' n my cadillac' ft maxima
I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver.— MAYA ANGELOU
on tumblr and tired!
its been god
Thanx, how are you? (:
#6wordstories Love is like a tortured flower.
Happy Birthday today to Quarterbacks Matt Leinart and Steve Bono!
Thank you! :)
gross, I hate bug but it's funny howl you screamed the song instead of ah
No. no. I have NO words... The first thing I thought of when I woke up is---no-- we lost. DARKNESS .
Looking for calibration for a Samsung S27A650D.. Magictune not compatible NVIDIA GeForce GT 545 Graphics card installed
FAV Ladies! RT : Great talking to you ! is going to sell out on for sure..Break a leg!
RT : First Date If you've ever been on a first date- see it. If you've never been on a first date- it'll prepare you
Prepping for podcast at 7:30pm. Talking about Emerging Tech in Special Collections Outreach.
Melon seems to be a very popular color this spring. Seen a lot of women in melon-colored short dresses/rompers lately.
Huh this is cutting in my shopping time
is failing doing our work for us.
Haven't been tweeting in a while, but I'm back!
Only trust thyself, and another shall not betray thee. - William Penn
whoop whoop
We Are Proud Of Gaga
why don't I talk to you?
Indeed. What a fun time! RT : , and know how to throw *quite* the Mad Men party!
www.jennifernangle.com Be there or be square!
RT : #klout there's good bad & hope they can get it right. ://zite.to/JMGrmB spot on article.
I enjoyed it and thought others would too
Blasting my music while picking up my sia from work and some white people just like to stare haha xDD
That's it!! Lawyer-ry!!
The median income for single black women is $5 compared to $42k for their white counterparts.
follow back plz :D im fans of u :D Punk'd is Funny :D ahah 5
Love how Tony just pulled a Ron Burgandy!!!
as always, we'd appreciate any Retweets and mentions. More than anything we want to converse with out audience. So let us know if you have ?
My tweets are public for a reason #enjoy <3
THINGS ARE NOT ALWAYS WHAT THEY SEEM... These 2 little dogs have given me a much deep understanding... Continued next tweet
sorry i didnt get it to you sooner :(
6 costumer service reps & 2 hours of being on the phone, the situation was finally resolved. That is still a #fail for
We are in Circus Mashimus. I am not there but drop on by! Having fun yet?
dang…lucky girl
Thanks for the #R.T.Tash. I hereby appoint you associate director of marketing. :0)
Those folks in 1912 were hip as hell then!
HELLO WORLD!
Walked into a diner for a coffee and Paramores "Riot" album was on blast.
just got on . Went to the CBS site your looking at . This could be a very short window for the video . Get them in
oh , did you guys win ?
The consciousness behind skynet? RT : I think 's twitter feed has become self-aware
Haha that's awesome. I'm heading out for a practice session today and am gonna see if I can jump on a team for a local series
The nicest compliment a faculty board can pay to an editor like me is asking if my acquisitions represent an attempt at world domination.
7 BILLION PEOPLE ON EARTH
me too! <3
CONGRESS, let's compromise on SOPA. Let us keep our online piracy, and we'll let you stop traditional ocean piracy.
I Need A Birthday Present
Thank you for the RT!
People fail forward to success. Ash, Mary Kay
#ThatEx who has a girlfriend who has also talked to one of my exes , #SmallWorld -_-
#SweetNightmares Bummy it was great today when we hung out !*)
My hubby and I are out drinking a Fat Gary and a Big Hop. East End rules.
I got my Griffins in Paris, and they goin' gorillas.
Wow! That's great! Big congrats!
#TroyDavis #FreedomFighter You may not have won this battle but you made waves!" Change is coming..RIP
umm hello....hey
Am ridiculously pleased with #USPSforever stamps I just ordered: Indy 500, AmScientists, Owney, Disney, Ships, Edward Hopper-just awesome!
Proud to have just pimped to the crew #SXSW - "Lay-n-go is a must have"
do it
so lucky!
is back at the tonight to take #Athens by storm! Where my #dawgs at?
besides any fan that cheers for anyone but Houston is no friend of mine. LA is rubbish and so are their fans&players
Flip on Live at 11 this am to see an incredible performance w and talkin bout his piano!
I'm scared to leave the apartment now. That lady in the glaucoma shades outside The Mansion looked really pissed with me.
I love driving<3
I want to eat something delicious, I just can't pin point what that is.
Last night in Oxford...
changingg my number
So excited to pick Robbie up from the airport today! I see Mime and Dance being integrated into the next week ;)
The problem is being away from the computer all day now I feel I must catch up or something
MEETING THIS THURSDAY IN D419! come sign up for your show or stop by for some key info going on in the station.
Reed Between The Lines was #wronglyconvicted!! What a shame here in NH!! #RIP Kassidy Bortner. #Justice is on its way!!
waiting for egg noodles to boil
Looking forward to starting my Internet Marketing fundamentals class with at Northeastern University next Thursday.
I hope I win a t-shirt
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JONGHYUNIEE<U+2665>
I swear I wore that stuff all the time through out elementary school lol.
Omg you made my day. I thought I was the only one who found others showers confusing..lol
I had my first fried pickle tonight. Thanks Great addition to the menu!!
What great praise - thank you! RT : Doing the most for our youth-Proud the PDX community benefits from your work!
who is this
I knew would never let us down
Quarterback Chris Forcier will participate in Pro Day at Furman University tomorrow.
A busy night at SBN as aero-refugees file in to wait out storm.
well made their YouTube debut today with their own branded channel. Good to see new pubs putting free content on social sites.
ha ha I do too! I'll look for you tomorrow.
Happy Valentine's Day from !
Are you following me?
My prayers are with Rev. Al Sharpton who will be delivering the eulogy @ his mother's funeral on tomorrow.
I suspect if we followed the diet from about 1000AD we'd probably be quite skinny
Switzerland is definitely the greatest nation humankind has ever known
Oh, sorry. Well. Have a safe flight to New York. Good morning. Just got up.
Hehe. Perhaps. Lots of slippery shadows on the island... Have you ever been here?
Playing Charades with the girl I like... Picked 'Sex & the City'... super awkward!
I've never bought a magazine at the supermarket. Then again, I've never seen a magazine with #kateupton on the cover.
check dms kenny
It's always nice to know that there are other people out there in the same postion and you're not the only one.
yes so true
Sounds like a recipe for a great date! can host us! :)
you should have ran it dick head.
New curator
(step two in a little bit =)
What do you think about Lance Lynn?
Thorstein Veblen~ The outcome of any serious research can only be to make two questions grow where only one grew before.
For sure - after January 10th (end of CES). Until then, no time to kick back with the JD. Must focus...
I heard that the #Knicks have messed up their series with the #Heat so bad, the #NBA is letting the #Bucks finish it for them
Didn't take my own advice, forgot extra flash battery. Had to use LCD manual focus & click out to shoot. Images were clear.
Wow. That's f'n awesome.
Today I was in met museum with grandkids J and R.
getting up early to pass out these kitty flyers
Enjoyin this Texas brisket my dad sent me back in December lol
Not going to lie. This weather is like Vegas and Stockton mixed. Hot and wet!
I miss cleveland
In Romo's 5 full seasons as a starter, 2 NFC East titles. Zero losing seasons.
when was this hill billy~!??
Would you like to work from home? To help pets? To help people? www.PeoplePlanetPetsBiz.com
#10ThingsIHate dumb bitches...
Nutgrabber69 just got a triple word score... in my heart.
At Bar 82 mystery Edgar week reading. Room packed and electrified for a thrilling evening
Let's Go Jets!
I wish I would have found SourceTree a long time ago. Great Git management app!
Love your video and your message. Please follow so that we can talk more about your music! :) thanks
didn't lose because of Granger though..gotta make adjustments on D. PNR feat. Nelson/Anderson & maybe want to locate
New York placements for the Sept 2011 intake hits the 100 mark this week! And counting!
Charged with trying to kill his ex-girlfriend and her boyfriend. The new drug charges against a boulder cop. Live @ 5.
space shuttle launches never cease to amaze me. after about only a minute - 4000 mph, 55 miles in altitude
I am Shady's son
sick as anything, again :/ home sick for me..
don't talk bout LaLa big head sis
thank you! :)
"What are your surroundings?" Lmao!
Yeah and then I got home and I'd promised to help my sister with a tree mural for her daughter's birthday.
"Great souls have wills; feeble ones have only wishes."- Chinese Proverb
yay for the wakeup text! Have a great Friday!
-Pens D need to at Least show up for 1/2 the game-And if Sid and Geno r 2 gether on a line 2 nite, Geno will score- thoughts?
Good morning, Switzerland!
Weep & Groan; Bawl & Moan watching
Actually , I don't like this but I like this !
Instead of saying "shut up"...I say "please talk with your mouth closed"
Hell no bitch dont tell me to shut up!
Cushing Academy get rid of all their books: replaces them with ereaders. Headmaster likens books to scrolls.
Equine herpesvirus case confirmed in Colorado Affected horse euthanized; facility placed under quarantine.
trying to figure out how to summarize the conference for a trip report. off to clinic for ear ache.
could be
#Fundraising kiss of death: A #donor who tells u s/he is just not that interested in what your org is doing.
thanks bro
Been listening to Robert Glasper Experiment's "Black Radio" on Rdio at work this morning. It is awesome--I highly reccomend it!
Why we can't have nice things. RT In order to quash the anti-transit funding groundswell, we have to quash the anti-tax mentality.
just wanna cuddle and watch across the universe #toomuchwork :l
YAY to dinner parties!! Have a blast! XOXO
Satire comes in many flavors. Happy green eggs and birthday cake to Laraine Newman, Tom Wolfe and Dr. Seuss today.
ima just talk to to 10 or less
Didn't realize I had so many soccer fans on my list! Just so you all know, last night my friends and I organized a game of indoor soccer!
Sad that the miners can't even get any action now. Chile has strict laws about having sex with minors.
Day 2 Summer Meetings taking place currently, talking about trainers, insurance, and organizational charts
Happy New Years my fellow Rochesterarians May 2012 be a prosperous one for you!
I can't stop singing "She Will Be Loved." I'm going to have to do this one as my next cover video sorry guys. The Lazy Song will come after!
are you a pisces?
even for wildcard cities?
you big baby :)
dancing in my basement with Tiffani, Ellen, and Josh you?
Just as we are "getting out" of Iraq a court rules Iran was the reason for 911. Yeah right OK sure buddy. Have fun storming the castle.
Hope you all had a nice weekend.
Yes he built a studio in his house and produces, engineers many talents. Thanks for the retweet.
I've taken more notes for free online classes than irl classes that I've paid for.
The lights keep flickering but the power is still holding strong
except Sendak's books were published, and marketted, as children's books. That one grows up, dies not usually mean outgrowing
don't be too sad. We'll have the video up on the site after the conference!
The Flyers have no mojo left. They maxed it out in the Pens series.
M... Coffee
Unless your wife's' name is Grace and your not with Grace
ok school now bye
The great man is he who does not lose his child's heart
There are some girls on this train whose outfits Claire Huxtable most definitely would not tolerate.
GO FOLLOW FOR 5 SOLO SHOUTOUTS :D
Thanks for the RT yesterday !
hey bro. You back in town?
I actually like getting my teeth cleaned at the dentist, now that I have my excellent one back. I don't think I'm in fetish-land w/ it, tho.
I want to know if sex can cure a headache.
cool man... photography is a cool gig... well worth the studies and learning theory behind the art...
Big 2nd half for the Bears!!! Let's do this!
I want a drink :)
So far wordpress has been good to me. I am not Tech savvy and it is easy.
That moment when everyone keeps seeing your ex thing with his new girl and tells me how big of a down grade she is... Loll
Rip Donna Summers
We've been testing it out for the Pushtape music distribution. Really slick indeed!
Wow it's Tiny Tower with vampires and zombies!!
and We dislike chicks with dusty dreads.....LOL!?
you hang up when you call me...ok
good bout to have sex make sum morw kids anniversary cumin
#3WordsForYou Please Follow Me ?!<U+2764>
#justsoyouknow I love and support Mindless Behavior with all my heart <3!
Going to the gym to get my skinny on
Favorite Line From #CoolMorning. LOL OMG OK. When Austin's like "IT'S TIME TO MILK THE COW."
In the studio downloading plugin presets for the console computer....yay fun....O_o
That awkward moment when its December 5th and its 70 degress
exactly, it's easy to get caught up and think with your cock not your brain. You have a good head on your shoulders, use it.
thanks so much!! Hope you have a great weekend :)
They are not answering the question get em Jim
Rest. When you are struggling with your mind the most important remedy is increased rest
"Rollie Pollie Ollie" and "Bear in the Big Blue House" is what I'm watching on Youtube. I loved those shows so much! :D
One shot in and I'm feeling it. Yes!
Your conversations.
I do what I can.
you are welcome!
Ew. Im already all sweaty. Thanks to my mom for not wanting to give me a ride -.- love you!
Happy Birthday
Tip: To darken brows realistically fill them in with a pencil that matches your brow color and comb them with an eyebrow brush.
Thanks for the Love :) We also have cake plates, servers, dessert trays, and cupcake stands! #Weddings &
Freeking beach -.- I'm peeling everywhere now. Fml
hahaha we get the exact same punishment XD
how all yuh find her
hahaahaha at first i thought u said "realy nigga no wifi" aha i was like.....is she still hacked aha
Does Tim Tebow have to submit photos of his feet for Rex Ryan's approval?
wat do u type in to watch austin and alex hatting on youtube?! Plzz help---mara(:
realizing your capacity limitations can suck. hopefully you realize them before they screw something up.
Thanks for the listen. And thanks for helping out with promotion!
boat was last night. Was big hit. Really amazing weather which made it better. Warm (70's) with gentle breeze. Awesome
We also have a t-shirt shop, mobile kitchen, tie-dye shop, skateboard design kit, hat design kit, bead kit, & more. afterschoolproducts.com
we'll have to come up with a relevant meeting for that!
the apps are probably on a regular computer or your phone too
finally got a twitter. How grand.
Yep. No more dsm.
Feel like dancing
Is looking for 3 Information Security Engineers for a three year contract with DHS in Springfield VA
“: "You never know if those guys could be lesbians or not." - ” -
yeah why not!?
My NY Architecture prof quotes Edith Wharton from memory as part of his lectures...love it
I see!!! I shuda put on my #hellokiffy jammas on hell!!! RT
Good point! Both Suffice 4 #Bacon Lovers. is the bacon on the pizza, or stand alone?
where do i go to see it...
He just happened to be the product of a beast ass line....like Grahm Harrell as Texas Tech's QB and them passing numbers
We hope everyone has a very happy #Thanksgiving!
Todays password "happy mother's day"
thanks for RTing hope you had a good Father's day honey goodnight & sweet dreams
People will judge you by your actions, not your intentions. You may have a heart of gold – but so does a hard-boiled egg.–Unknown
is learning all kinds of web 2.0 stuff.
If you are looking for power out of that group I'd roll JD Martinez or Smoak depending on your need at a position.
in btls. Only a couple of cases left.
“: no kids around :( i guess i get SUSHI .” SUUUUUSHIIIII
The last convo I had wit Los he said " WE R RISKTAKERS WE LIVE FAST AND WE GET MONEY HE SAID NEVER SECOND GUESS YOURSELF JUST DO IT
Yay! My hair actually likes me today.
i swear i don't like my sister boyfriend
Hahahaha lmao! What a good luck!! Why didn't you go?:]
You will never make a more important decision than the person you marry.
He got some long hair
who's Robert Griffin I?
hahaha now u just gotta except them two cuties <U+263A>
It's a great day to take photos outside:) its so nice outside.
well, I just got kindled. The darn thing is in the mail...
Nap time in fifth hour? I think so :)
Why are colored pants coming back?! I AM GOING TO #RAGE AND QUIT.
High heels and High ambition!
should I do a cover of somebody that I used to know? hm
Every girl wants to be swept off her feet.
let me know how the transfer is ... but clean up first.
Just not when trying to lose the initial weight.
My 5th great-granddad was a Hessian soldier, too! Became George Washington's personal bodyguard after the Hessians switched. :)
Keizer city officials plan to fine man who hoisted sign on top of his roof, telling his neighbor to (blank) himself for calling cops on him
Yes its Kent! You guys all guessed right! I mean seriously, who else would wear a bright yellow shirt about cornfields!? Love that kid haha
I knew you was gonna like him lol
Try Me Hoe
coffee, morning light, and the last official day of our hmoon. to goodwill we go! many treasures to find! i'm a happy samper.
tell to send me the good shit!!!
We would be happy to take a look at your tax return! Give us a cal!
$15.5 billion is sort of like the ultimate beer goggles, though.
Omfg my dad changed the channel and the first thing it said was "San Antonio" slfjodfpdlg I still think of Austin<3
My tweets have been really bitchy lately
Pathetic people are pathetic.
I empathize with cause daddy wants gin.
i never tweet cuz i feel like nobody cares
Sent an email but it bounced back! Is there another address through which I can contact you? (perhaps via DM) Thanks!
A guy I like doesn't like me and I think I love him.
#flashontap pics from the official photog and video will be up by the end of the week
RT : Thank you Chelsea
Let us know if it bounced again. Thanks!
I feel like you're not telling me everything traaav!
Most popular Garden Digging Spade auctions -
me to!! Yayayaya you gotta see flacheecha now! She's grown up!
Someone help me out--is it 1pm or 2pm CST?
Speakeeth of that.. must put some now.
1 year 1 championship. All doubts and 1 result! Picked 11 of 12= #1! One for all and all for #Buffs!
There’s no point in trying to summarize Inferno, because it’s a book written against summaries. It’s an anti-summary. The author of
2 ADDED PERFORMANCES of FIRST DATE! New: Thurs, May 3 & Wed, May 16 :30pm (late show 21+ only, drinks in the theatre night!)
noo lexii . Im not idc about that situation . I dont even know tbh . If im ugly them im ugly . Or nasty
I think it's great that there's really only one song you can shoot t shirt cannons to
I think all he needs is a defense, he can put points up without a problem, he needs a defense that can hold teams to 17 points
Yeah man some Mexican thugs from Detroit. People are crazy!
And I can't believe I haven't added your blog to my RSS feed. Fixing that right now.
Thanks! We appreciate your support and always support the strides you are making in your community as well!
That's a wrap! commercial/photo-shoot complete. FYI: This is the first time all 20+ #Arguelles models participate in a single shoot.
He dead.
Atta Boy! Feel better :)
go them
AWWW :) she's so pretty! :D
Slept with my windows open last night. Minnesota should always be like this!!!
#Trick you can be mad and I #Will get the last laugh
way to finally open your eyes..haha kidding but really he's good real good live too and he's a nice guy. i'll introduce you sometime
Chelsea Handler is my favorite celebrity.
I'm glad you feel good about it. It'll take me a few days to work my way through them.
Also, Para. 11: Thought Freese hit a triple in the 9th, not a double.
Bid on Game-Worn Warm-up Jerseys of & Ersan Ilyasova tonight Wives Save Lives Auction in East Lobby during the game!
masters off to plant. Jackets at printer. Promotional CD's pressing. PR rolling. Getting excited for remaindermen's release date
Hydration Specialists are hydrating the South Bay today! Be on the lookout for ice cold Coconut Water!
It can be an incredible challenge to effectively communicate something new to someone who doesn’t see it.
How about him calling Nancy Pelosi "Princess Nancy"? He has no respect for anybody! What's wrong with the Amer people? NO CAIN!
Did you get a chance to see Alvin Ailey's Rehearsal Director Matthew Rushing at Clark Atlanta University yesterday?
Yikes, watch out for zombies tonight!! BewareThe
yup. Hawks don't need more of his inconsistencies
I was enchanted to meet you...
I definitely agree
Skipped class to play Hackey Sack..
I'm out and about today. Find me and scan me!!
Partying new years eve in LA!!! ...with mom and pop :/
what got a twitter???
Serious insomnia tonight will make for a challenging (and long) day tomorrow.
Fw: Child ID Flyer
Day 3 is a full rehearsal!!! Dont forget your shoes :) #HellWeek <3
Snow didn't stop the students or tutors from coming today. Glad to have 2nd semester in session!
thats a cute picture
thanks so much for the granola bar recipe! can't wait to make some!also really enjoyed the mcd's oatmeal post. -lisa
couldn't agree more! I'd like to know if anybody actually gets positive results from that...
“: S/O to I'll be trying to cop backstage passes to his concert one day!!!” only bc you passed me in soph English
right back at ya! RT Here's to 2012!! So happy to be back with
Thanks 4 the RTs and mentions this week:
just do ur thing. haha we woulda fought if that was 2 yrs ago.
#FumbleRecovery & fight...yeah we're playing the
Well, let's face it...most of the way we (pres, arch, etc.) talk about these & most buildings is inside baseball.
Thanks to everyone who rang in the New Year's with at Gator's Dallas! Happy New Year from StoneAge - Dave, John, Jon & John Michael!
Finally got a twitter, where the cuties at!!!!
I missed 2...count them TWO...Riffs with Dermot Hussey! That should be a lawsuit waiting to happen!!!
are you so kind as to single me out, when I am a foreigner?” 11Boaz said in reply, “I have been told of all that you did for #Torah 37/
Funday Monday: Poll Question - Would you rather train your upper body or your lower body?
Fair point! The direction is +/% jump is high BUT 18/500 is not nearly good enough!
Prefilled description. Also, Pinterest has been slow/down several times for me.
Whats up man! I'm coming out to shoot photos at Sutra tonight! Can't wait to cover your set.
Thanks to however pulled the fire alarm during this thunderstorm.
Chicken Salad. Yup.
Not ready to be back in class. I don't even feel like I had a
You called me bitch for short , i'll call you motherfucker for long ..
Uggie is here too! Will they ever give an Oscar for best animal in a film?
Live like Spongebob and Patrick, laugh out loud all day without any reason, and annoy the mean people with your happiness
Rest in peace, #DavyJones. You were my favorite Monkee.
I get that 2! Work stress, lots of stimulation on those poor little eyeballs. Take a break and shut them for a few min.
": At the end of the day either you join the revolution or you remain a part of the decaying old guard." #OWS is ageless, join!
hi! I blend fruits in season right now it's organic blueberries!
Wonder why hasn't invited "Think Like A Man" cast on to promote?
will wait for verification on Sat.
Broke down :( least its hot and I can get a tan.
can it be warped tour yet?
“: #BackWhenIWasLittle I never thought id turn out like I did, I use to hate the stuff ive been doing.”
Don't normally tweet about sweets, but do visit French Market for macaroons! Today & tomorrow.
Thank you for supporting
Both, in a Haley-Joel-Osment-slash-girl-from-Poltergeist way.
The dollar store needs to open some gas stations. $3.79 in Charlotte yo! Crazy!
Managed to get ninja cat to the vet. Her diabetes is under control with diet, no need for insulin! So glad I adopted this "wild" beast.
Happy Bastille Day and Vive la France. Creator of all things beautiful.
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: no accidents to report so far this morning
great Denise! And you? How goes life?
I met him a couple times:p
Mention Me
yoou just have to keep trying and never give up xo
Not me!!! I would love to see them both back!!! They are crucial parts of the amazing receiving group!
alrighty , will do. When can you come in ?
Brainstorming with about their #international program. Love programs that call for global collaboration
Somehow you will understand
I Ching~ The Creative knows the great beginnings. The Receptive completes the finished things.
My 3 year old nephew is going around checking people in this restaurant. Lol
I'm doing it and doing it and doing it well
Adele's Ex is at a bar drinking his life away while popping pills.. Lol
141 emails. I GIVE UP! woodmans. BO..
Honestly just wanna thank for running those laps with me, even though she shouldn't have had to.
RT - 2011 NFL Predictions: Jacksonville Jaguars Headed for Bottom of AFC South - Bleacher Report
haha!! You're smart!!! You will get it!
is writing but will he play out live soon? We hope and wait. In the meantime we listen to his music on the sound box.
To everyone who is sad, you deserve to smile. The earth loves you
been doing good just getting settled in to the new spot and you
"Be helpful" simple and practical advise to follow everyday
You shouldn't try to get over someone, by getting under someone else.
Thinking that immigration reform all starts with closing our southern border. But who has the cojones to do it?
RT : Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness.
RT : Need a fill inn -___-
CAUSE UH, I forget. Does it involve sanjaya.
My intro to Jameson was his "Reification" essay on God Father and Jaws. It is fun and a good way to ...
IS THE TRUTH!! James Brown has awaken & asked "Who dat singing James Brown ... & I'm James Brown?"
Ok usher has made it a bit better
2strong Ent. is checking me out! just got an email from them!!
?For many people, hell has already arrived
Brewers make a 10+ comeback
did you get a chance to go to Carnevor while in Milw? Best steak in the city. There isn't much to see in November in Milwaukee
sang to a guy as I was driving.. totally made his day lol
Had a SPECTACULAR time ! It's a terrific event, and I'm already looking forward to next year!
#jobcreators MT : Accd to Walker's new jobs #s did amazingly well in MKE. 96% of empls increased workforce
Was Obama homeless? It takes about as long to get a homeless person's birth certificate as it did for him..
THE MISSION is to nurture, cultivate, and promote art, music, culture, sustainability, community, and non-profits in Las Vegas. Join us!
Still in a New York state of mind.
So Kool and The Gang just opened for Van Halen. Is Kool really the last original member?
Great day at Be Well Walk yesterday! Thanks to all walkers and Michael & Susan Dell Foundation. Lovin' LadyBird Lake!
May contest still going on. All purchases are entered to win a free copy of MLB The Show '12. RT
Growing up with your friends an becoming the one that made it >>>
Wish it was socially acceptable to tell my family to shut the fuck up
At post office, pink Floyd playing, funny!
Nearly 20 years ago, an archaeologist told me that "stones do not move". The ancient animations prove that statement wrong.
it's friday!!!
Follow Back(:
Space Jam 2 - Coming to theaters Christmas 2012 (possibly)
LOL human garbage
You can't change people. Not everybody wants change. Focus on the change within yourself. No regrets. No looking back.
NYC what'd up?
Stop telling me how awesome Cabin in The Woods is already. I'll see it soon enough and the world will survive.
For it isn't enough to talk about peace. One must believe in it. It isn't enough to believe in it. One must work for it. ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
Im cold un this class
a strong black woman is a woman who has weathered many storms without losing the goodness of her character
who's the chick in your avi?? She's hot :)
Moderating tonight's discussion is founder and board member Dr. Ayoka Chenzira
I should have gone and crashed it today. I could just wait outside and see who's still around, but life was too busy.
and i didn't mean that in a "i hate myself for liking one direction" kind of way but in a "i hate myself for not listening to atl atm" way
Thank you! If I knew where that was... :)
happy early birthday!(;
it still says i dont have any followers..:(
I can do that.
Come down to Ashley's @ 1501 W. Center Street, or call us at 414-372-7666 for Delivery Anywhere in Milwaukee Co.
My Twit account has hit the 2000 limit so Twit is limiting my ability to follow back for now. Please be patient and I will follow back ASAP!
Barca aide Melanie Conklin reports that the police presence outside Assembly chambers just increased significantly.
Litigation Department of the Year
Sometimes I wonder why some of my tweets don't get 1,536 retweets.
Teenage boys are infinitely less dickish in YA novels than they are in real life.
Allentown native Susan Snyder wins Pulitzer Prize for Philadelphia Inquirer reporting
I've tried today's mainstream "rap" and i'm not gonna lie, they have good beats, but i feel disgusting if i try to rap along with them
"The Anointing" John P Kee
peace.<U+270C> punch.<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A> capt'n crunch.<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009D>
RT IF YOU NEVER MET GEORGE WASHINGTON! AND YOU AINT MEETING HIM!...
i need u, i want u, i must have u, u buy me everythng and i love spending time wth u shopping ........."MY MONEY"
For vip table reservations call 321.400.4789 or hit up
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
After the pledge of allegiance this morning in my 1st period, me and everyone said "Amen" lol!! =D
...Vivienne just responded to Victor. Just sayin'.
Of course, I understand completely, but it is also a fact that a lot of people want to keep a baseball team in PDX. Oh well...
kick some Ms South butt! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
That's Ben's thing too, huh?
I've heard great things! I'm seeing the show next weekend!
Thanks! Figured I'd let everyone know. Should be a lot of fun! It will be on archive if need be
My new tag line: "your facts remain woefully inadequate", then threaten to sue them. lol thanks Ronn for being you
Out with my boy :))
Dont let me get in my zone, dont let me get in my zone, dont let me get in my zone!Im so bored yet i have 60 pages of history to study.
Pretty solid birthday so far
Hey students- House GOP tries again to slash Pell Grants, so vital to your continued college education. Tell your reps NO!
RT Again folks, curious to know what wines pair well with the Super Bowl?
Congrats on becoming a big sister! That's really exciting!
tell me what you think when you see it
The Two Left Feet 2010 was excellent w hanger steak. But at 16% (!!), alcohol don't operate *anything* afterwards.
I miss you!
Have an hour for lunch? Come to 19th and K for a quick or long massage. Go to www.massagedc.com and get your $10 off coupon.
i would've gotten you the shack for first meal back, lt
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
Needs this to be a good day. Not great so far.
RT Lets come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today.
The Raven has been one of the best movies I've seen in a while! #Iverymuchenjoyedtonightsfestivities #avatartlatime c:
Whoa, reporting #bryanstow exonerated suspect #GiovanniRamirez at #DodgerOpeningDay in box seats behind home plate. Wow.
Nevada, Arizona, and Utah in 3 hours
There is 98% boys, 2% girls, & -98653% of chance we'll be best friends.
<-- Never had a flu shot. Never had the flu, either.
Yess ! I wondered where my sweetheart went :(
I don't care! I don't care anymowoah! (in my Phil Collins voice)
what happened??
I really am going to miss when we both go off to college, #RS!
In the Gym Wit My Dawg
I just read your blog! So cute!
We're a good vintage.
Mt Rainier, Paradise Inn: September 25th can't get here fast enough!
yeah! i really hope i win the contest. thats so awesome!
DID YOU KNOW: Drivers falling asleep in 2009 cost Americans $100 billion in damages and losses. Got Sleep?
thanks love.<3
“: Do you really think if someone...?” Bored and wanted to inquire about random sports rumors. Too lazy to check StumpTown.
What is your favorite Web 2.0 tool or software to to engage your students? Ready! Set! Go!
follow me back please(: 3
What a phenomenal game!! OMG it's incredible. People tune in. Tied bottom of 9th. Braves vs Phillies.
lol..so true!
NICE SAVE
Tbh I think the only reason why girls like Austin manhone is becuz of his looks Cuz he. Has no originality at all... but I agree he's cute!
Thanks for the RT!
Pretty accurate RT : If you looked up "grind-it-out" in the dictionary, there would be an entry about this Heat-Knicks game.
Hello "future" UK SLIS Alumni. I read on the list-serv a few Wildcats were heading down. Have a safe trip.
RT:Publishers need 2 digitally disrupt themselves to survive. Half the INMA room wnt survive McQuivey
ugh!!! Jealous I wa By it right
Only 4 weeks until summer!
On february 11 2011 the never say never movie will change my life:)<3
Bacon turned out fantastic, 2nd batch is on now. Pulled pork is almost done too! Contact us today to get your Re-heat and eat bbq.
I am not going to believe that Junior Seau is dead until national news outlets report it. Haven't seen anything official yet.
Little girl's clothing biggification ray. #sidebusiness idea from
thanks! I'll let you know. :)
Watching #geeklove Everyone needs someone!
Love the quote. Wish everyone at Sac State a happy and productive 2012!
I haven't needed a 4:30p coffee this badly for awhile. Thanks for your support
Just because it's a bad idea doesn't mean it's not an idea.
Home sweet home.
Booked a captain Morgan commercial today. Shoots in Mexico next week. Fun!
Hola! Thanks for following back and have a super weekend!
Come on boys, be nice. Too much drama with you 2!
By the looks of the picture, you might've wanted to turn on the windshield wipers
Hot Cheetos and mayo put together. M :)
Woman on top position helps women build confidence in bed
Just try and convince me this second-hand ZZ Top logo bodysuit is a lousy purchase. A dousing of Lysol makes everything good as new.
Damn your avi makes me weak as hell ! Lol
Waking up in the morning to dance crazy to a song the rest of the week. Why are me and my best friend so cool?
I love watching Go #snowboarders Andy and Tommy!
#3WordsOfAdvice Do no harm.
Happy Birthday shout out to !! <U+E312><U+E310><U+E112><U+E34B>
Have you taken time to laugh at Mac Miller today?
This is a HUGE topic - and really important. Some special issues for #gifted young people AWA what everyone must face
hard times make a nigga strong
and that's a damn shame
Jazz Brunch at Oro today ! 12pm. Free all day for kids.
Is our time slot good or did they bury us?
Having easter dinner at comfort zone bar b que restaurant in aurora il 37 w. New york st. All I have to say is... Oh.. My... Goodness!!
You guys look so cute together!! Follow? :)
Are we reuniting this week?
Great chevy spot. Highlight of the game.
Visited the wedding venue tonight for this Saturday, so excited!
just heard about you guys! Would love to get you on board!
hey there, I just submitted to Immortal Ink :)
Aye Batman Robbin needz your help I herd hez trapped in minor league football
if I got a team USA jersey, could I go to the Blue Line to get Johnson put on the back?
dare I ask which innovation you see? (or is it the ability to convince venture capitalists that there's money to make in fixing edu)
getting into Catherine the Great: Portrait of a Woman by Robert J. Massie - good narrative bio
you better do!!! I have your headphones! Lol
#TheAwkwardMoment when someone says they're fat, and they really are... so you don't know what to say.
WHAT UP DAWG!!!
I love watching the 3 season of The Vampire Diaries... My favorites actors are Ian Somerhalder and Nina Dobrev there cool and awesome! EHEHE
Hello, Dulles. It's been so long that I'd forgotten our night together until I was inside you again. Here's hoping I'm not here too long...
I see you ! Repping the BBN!
Good bro just werking!!!!!
SKC's Aurélien Collin is just a horrible, dirty player
That's correct
You know what maybe just go tweet your boy Patrick play grab ass with him !!!
thought about it but think I am going to hold off for now...
Should you trust your instincts?
Indie ArtHouse opening soon! Grand Ave and Roosevelt
Story Week will be fantastic. Sneed, Campbell and
RT: Kelsey:Guys I have gushers!!! Oops one feel!!Melissa:I will eat it off the effing floor!!!
r 2 of my #mustfollow people theyre amazing girls
#TeamFred RT : Have a safe & fun #Little500. Tweet us your favorite party animal for a chance to win 2 tickets to the race!
#Milwaukee #Police just talked the man down of the ledge of the #Hoanbridge!
Aww, well next week, we will ALL be back. And drugs?? Oh man! The excitement always happens when Im gone ;)
I love this guy named he has no idea that I exist! Someday he will notice me and make my day! #FollowMeAustin :)
well....NOW who do the #Packers take?
Nice one! How about "Super 8?" only missing the "1/2" but it's not the size that matters, right?.....RIGHT?! (j/k)
“ KIDS=PEOPLE. PEOPLE HAVE NEEDS. ATTACHMENT PARENTING FTW! HULK GROUNDED AND WELL-RESTED. HULK BABY OUTGOING AND JOYFUL.”
It's funny how adding extra x's to words containing an x make it so much more sexual like fox or tax
Huge #FoodFightMKE event happening in downtown #Milwaukee this Friday! Interested? DM us for the details!
We sure think so! RT : shows that the #Amerks have the best fans!
no! I though you was at the movies. I will let you get back you movies
lolol fuck you. I take it back, it's not worth it haha
The term "librarian" is steeped in a discourse of fear (Radford+Radford 2001), so how about "reference librarians" become "research tutors"?
Headed home. I hate the BPL just a little bit today.
#ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler If I had Deruler (If I had you)
Today I heard Norm Dicks will retire. I'm sad I'll miss the "E-Norm-US" and "No Dicks" signs, but I'm sadder I just thought of "Nom Dicks."
Thanks a lot! Keep tuning in!
Sweet. May 25th. Mark your calendar.
As they say, it's not about the destination it's about the journey. What a whirlwind travel day to #SXSWi with
Happy 1st Day of Spring!!
Yelp check-in not working, but im checking out one of these coney island restaurants that appear to be everywhere in dearborn. Whee!
can you give people to follow on tumblr? :) like your personaalll people not the 1D blogg
Worst bridge lift ever, I-5a mess- full half hour the decks were up. How about some warning on these lifts? Rant over. Story on KGW @ Noon
Sigh - change in policies - I will not be lecturing on Princess Lines until later next year. . .
RT PR peeps, this is a good week to send me Valentine's Day event releases. I am literally asking you for them!
No #drunktweets tonight sorry :( tired as shit and going to bed #letsgotowork in the AM #iamthe1percent lol
I'm down with that sucka
I really really really really wanna 3 legged dog. #S.mousePhan!
Hey man loved the cover for crash into me
RT You all should definitely consider following :)
Iverson pouts his way out of contract, will be a free agent by end of the week
New fav casting notice line: "tasteful nudity". Do I even want to know why it's tasteful?
Shop Diamonds & Pearls Couture (Buckhead)
LMAO u retard! I just saw this. HAHA!
If Nicks in Dallas and I bump into him i'll be saying that Loves him. :)
i was just thinking the same thing!
So proud of my wife She is an amazing wife friend mom nurse trng prtnr skin exprt and student Yes those r some hats she wears
At da wild place, getting rite before wrk...
What is the new blog?
I love food
I LOVE my backround!!!!!!!
Sometimes I dream of moving to San Francisco (& Paris!) but then I look at the rental prices & think I'd rather just visit more often!
Stay warm, buy a tee!
I hope that's your autocorrect kicking in. lol xo Miss you!
seen THG...when is golf?
Mangled Socialist-News Broadcasting Co. ( MSNBC, for those of you ) breaks journalistic mold by creating ALTERNATE REALITY
ur god damn right
guess who's my idol... ME ! ! YEAH !!! I'm dying 2 meet myself *looks in the mirror* OMG THERE I AM.... I really need to stop talkin 2 me
One dead in Christmas house fire - KOLD-TV One dead in Christmas house fire KOLD-TV AP Entertainment News Video TUCSON, AZ (KOLD) - A Chr
My birthday is tomarrow wish me a good one *1dayy<3*
Shake up the happiness!
Hey everyone go check out my YouTube channel the link is on my page
illegal, will you get thrown in vegan jail if you eat it?
Unless you were planning on staying that long,cause I was only plannin on like hour and a half like 11-1:30
OH BET UR ASS I IS!
For those of you not aware: I don't sleep. Like ever. I average 3 to 4 hours a night of restless,fitfull dozing. I'm also hyperactive.
Demi Lovato: Stay Strong. Justin Bieber: Never Say Never. Selena Gomez: Be yourself. Miley Cyrus: Radiate Love. <U+2665>
Made it in the xibus world orchestra but it's zoo expensive since im from Miami. Can't go :((((
Finally getting around to watching Florence at Radio City Music Hall on 1.5 hrs, commercial free!!
You cannot tell right now, but I am giving you a scowly face...
A nigga feelin kinda strong today did 4 push ups
I didn't tweet this, does this remind u of me? How's the new doggie? he looks precious, can't wait to meet him, see u in May!
I'm taking baby steps. By which I mean I stumble around, crap my pants, and cry until someone gives me a bottle.
San Fran needs touchdowns. Field goals at this point will be pointless.
Where in the world is Carmen Sandiego??
"I sensed an infinite #scream passing through nature," Munch printed on the original frame of his painting.
please follow me! #ProudToBeAMahomie =)
Signing up for Breath of Life walk in support of Jack's wonderful mother! So excited to do it this weekend!!
Get off your high horse and have the decency to look me in the eye and spell it out to me.
GIRL : If we become engaged will you give me a ring??BOY : Sure, what's your phone number??
Unfortunately I can't. Best of luck with it!
Sky rockets in flight, afternoon deeliiiight... Ahhhoo... I make fart noises with my mouth
Wasn't there one on advertising/marketing? I think I need to read that.
Omg !! Tell me more ?? You drunk lol
Cracking up at the numerous charges to "O Patio" on my credit card.
Hopefully the Groundhog is right. BTW Encore running Groundhog Day marathon. LOL!
Can't. Stop. Sneezing.
check stephen Heller. good music.
May Day! May Day!
Forecast for Today: Occasional showers with a slight chance of thunderstorms. Highs around 70. South winds 5 to 10...
Don't hold nothing back..... If uu got something to say then juss say it !!
If I managed social media for the Standard or the W or whatnot, I'd get you (or ) to man the Twitter.
Go Freddy Couples! -3 under at the turn. Great to see the legend still has it!
Crimes against English Language. #2 in series: "Imigrant,s Go Home" (Actual spelling and punctuation of graffiti on warehouse wall)
\(^_^) ": RT if you have an istagram I need followers :)"
Why is the gym more crowded at 1am than it is at 1pm!? Gotta love Harlem
Most adorable girl talking about science and Girl Scouts at Council.
BBQ Smoked Pork is 1of our tailgate faves! RT : Great day in #Seattle! Watching #UW #HuskyFootball spring practice...
I'm out. G'night. Sure we'll rap again soon.
"We. Do. Not. Have. People. Like. You. In. Our. Area" I saw an episode yesterday.
Its bs! she killed caylee! its not fair to let her out!
It's almost 2 oclock, chea! How will I spend tmrw's off day.....hm???
I haven't but thanks(:
lets get it fam
What? cookies? and you didn't share? , what's up with that?
Sorry for party rocking
We've separated in to our session groups. Tweet what you're up to!
Bruce Winter killed it again last night on At Night...Tunes so good I made a donation to Milwaukee Public Radio today
Thanks. I'm not too sure about anything recent. Takes a while for me to decide, but I put it up there anyway. :-)
Avast ye scurvy dogs, Happy talk like a pirate day!!! :) And thanks to for the reminder
alright then, like you really got me hot putting this on twitter, maybe we shouldn't told you how we felt dawg.
Death today of Stanford's Steve Schneider from heart attack a major blow to those who care about the earth, science, decency.
Please help. I need three WRs to start. D. Jackson, A. Boldin, V. Cruz, T. Smith, or D. Driver?
Obama - 1st sitting pres to support gay marriage > Romney - having to apologize for bullying a gay student in HS
Check out It's Amazing!
My son just corrected my grammar in polite conversation.
-see skydeck has become Mr.Number. If you can withstand a key dev leaving, CTO changing direction, etc. fine.
my bad, I love Tha Coolest nigga with his extra cool ass.! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0086><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Come on Man put a ring on it and give us, 86,87,& 88.
oh i got u hell yea bro lets do this!
Best hug-a-thon ever.
Really don't know how I should feel right now...
RT #helc12 Really looking forward to the Networking through Social Media presentation - tweet please! Had 2 make choice btwn 2!
I finally have a clean car <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Good Morning
Yay! Glad to hear it!
Just touched down at LAX
thanks for that beautiful article and for providing quality resources. Good to hear how different schools manage
Some class Is playing today was a good day
oh wow lmao
S/O to She's pretty funny! Follow her and enjoy. :)
Totes. Please. Profile pic looks like a close-up of a GI Joe doll.
worry about the IGNORANT who bear arms; not the dress code. Change the LAW; not the hoodie
No man should NEVER text back "k" especially to a MAN or a woman!!
Michael not a new option, our hospice used to do it years ago!
CAMERON | PACE Group Adds FUJIFILM to Strategic Alliance Program
Happy bday to me est Standard time
OK, you can mark the 27th in pen for the next Booze Camp, lemmings.
RT : Hard to find the words. The Beastie's have been such a huge part of the soundtrack of our lives.
Come play in the dirt on Saturday at Marion! We've got a mountain of soil to unload, weeds the need to be pulled and veggies to plant!
lol I'm cool with that
do we have licenses??
Captivating speech by president Lets see if it is more than words by the end of the year...
Miles Davis Reissue, 'Live in Europe 1967' #blowingmymind spacious precise and ferocious
Illinois has run out of cash earlier than usual for college fin aid, denying state assistance to tens of thousands of eligible students.
It's like you have to be strong for everybody else, but they forget to ask if you're okay.
oh that's crazy! Did I miss anything in the first rd?
I hope my shoes is there when I get home
I loved your advice on backstage why actors should join twitter its because of you that i joined!
I have to go with LSU tonight. LSU 28 Alabama 17 Go SEC!
I think we called it that too. I remember something back there would get blazing hot in the sun and we'd always burn ourselves.
back to Miami!!de regreso en miami!!!
we could trade but I think my customers will make you scared for humanity. They often don't know their own named.
WHAT MAKES YOU BEAUTIFUL IS ON Z100!!!!! AH
makes me so happy that twitter didnt exist in the 90`s.Made it harder for rappers to make a fool of themselves back then.
u know when a child c a toy theywant thats what its like waitin 4 your ep! Is it commin?
It's a Monday and we don't have a mtg? Immediate withdrawals!
lol i could tell!!! i even said to myself "she must be in the RT complaing stuff mood." lol
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRO can I get a SHOUTOUT FOR MY BEST FRIENDS BDAY PLZ
“: true story, but if you have to train then you have no choice but to make the most of it.” makes sense! Lots of other bikes?
You're killing me
Rad thanks! RT : Exclusive to Capitol Hill/CD, Epic Cookie No5... Smell Epic. Be epic.
there's nothing worse than tossing and turning all night, only to fall asleep in the last two hours you could possibly sleep...
Helton's going cow tipping after this if you're free... RT /starts warming up fingers to get ready for cap tipping
Been editing and tagging old blogs, adding images and upping to pinterest. Then twitters. Wheeeee. Impact? or just make-work?
Let me know how she is!
oh gosh..chem sucks/:
Too early to put it out there, but some exciting things are about to happen. Yesterday the texts were flying fast and furious.
As far as Im concerned any player that leaves the Packers is no longer a Packer He can be a Packer again after he retires for good.
ure the one who sings, its up to ya to decide, musical notes are ur world, so say out loud what's on ur mind. Haha
Just read up on that Kony thing. That's disgusting. Sometimes it's great to be informed about the world.
Real friends show me their......? ;) x
I just logged into the CMS I swore I'd never touch again: Serena Collage.
#youknowitshot WHEN ZAYN GRINDS THE AIR
At getting my eat and drink on for the first time with the wifey!
Also, Elaine Stritch needs her own hastag.
i do im at my gmas
I just read your article. You are very articulate. Hilarious! Can't wait to see you kick that ball!
Still officially winter but this weather has Milwaukee in a very good mood today! Patios full of outside diners in the !
I'm off tonight and tomorrow night. I really need it. Thank you God.
since when did it become okay to walk up to a girl you barely know and slap their ass? have some fucking respect.
I remember all y'all..
On my way to DC for #gradnation where I'm speaking on Tuesday.
#interviewtip DGE: if you are not told what to wear for your interview, always OVER-dress. It looks wayy better than being under-dressed!
If I ask my guy to get 1 item from the Grocery, he'll most often return with the wrong item.
#BecauseItsFriday im gonna get all fancy.
Yay for soccer! It didn't get canceled this time. Yay!
It's a beautiful night out & we are here to serve you until 10PM with hot drinks & Everything on SALE 10-50% OFF. Come on OUT, shop,...
oh jeeze D: i shoulda seen this coming, way to ruin my day:'( Now if i suck at states its all your fault :p
John Carter is what I'll watch....not to sure about this movie though.....
will teddy do anything for the pack in free agency, or wait for the draft like every other year?
Me too! I'm definitely not too nice ban you. RT : LET IT BE KNOWN CHEATERS, WE WILL FIND YOU AND YOU WILL BE BANNED.
is this an event or will it air on tv??
Having a right now and watching the padres look horrible....... its the beginning of the season right?
Design is not making beauty, beauty emerges from selection, affinities, integration, love.
Its Gone Be Live At Push TONIGHT BAM In The Building - DAMN!!!
Whoever started that 'Zac Effron' thing deserves a clap! :D
haha I know right. My dog beat me to seeing Europe lol
Since tomorrow my #birthday! Question of the day: What's the best or worst birthday present you've ever gotten?
I don't like people being down but For what ever reason you are special (: don't forget that you matter <33
#imaddicted to running!!!
I'd have to say yes, you do!!! RT #Random Do people really think I hate LeBron ?????????
#TakeMeBack && ( #Possibilities < in the car )
aiight bro ill chk it out!!
I know! I was very happy to discover this after I spent hours looking up stuff on Viva after the Lions Love screening.
John Lu dressing like a nerdy asian doesn't make you a hipster or in style. Just making it easier for racists
UI & UX are not synonyms of each other and should not be used interchangeably
Newt keeps calling the president a left wing radical and that he has been the most effective foodstamp president.
Omg!!! I'm going to epcot
My tumblr is so ugly #TeamDONTFOLLOW o.o
the jailbreak done fucked up my phone!
Hanging out at the show in Chicago! Come say hi!
we are so there!
RT if you saw do the sprinkler dance in America s Best Dance crew!!
when Evan Moore conducts us in band>
I only ever get money to get out of debt.
Q7: We don't have any fiction in my current library, but they were housed in general fiction at my undergrad library.
so happy for you guys!
RT : Nanopublications have Provenance and context ; a breakthrough for data sharing
And he shut down 14th Street for fifteen blocks during rush hour in the process...
swagged out today
whats up with your employer? A third time I had two interviews and no offer. We know I am quality so hay, why? I jest my friend
that is the lamest thing, possibly ever
I just mixed Chemical Brothers into the Spinners, but you weren't here, bummer.
I leave on saturday Morning, will be around Friday Night.
seriously! they are selling for 100$ already why
Correction- I think its tonight!
I just remembered that sold last time I was there. Never tried it. Hope to bring home a bag today.
show me what cha got girl make that ass pop
I want to go canoeing too!!!
would she take a sippy cup of (cow) milk instead of breast. I know milk at night isn't great, but just to get over hump
"If you Believe, it will Happen."
RT : Program will allow San Diegans to make donations to help homeless get off the streets in time for the holidays...
#avengers tonight!
. Oops RIP Donna Summer without the s at the end.
Agree, it's not the end point. We shouldn't do it, just to do it. Should have some edu value, right?
SNOOKI IS AN OOMPA LOOMPA FACTORY. So that's where they come from....
graveyard double feature - tonite at 4am. PORKY'S + MARS ATTACKS. join Larry Lava for movies, popcorn & mai tais. only at Frankie's
2 weeks of school left, but still tons of work? :( why?
Your work is a reflection of your personality, so the law must protect any distortions. -Obafemi Agaba
I wear socks OVER my flip flops. It makes my feet look all lumpy and mysterious. Which is what we all want from our feet.
Side note on near drowning in Willamette River: Guy who shot rescue wanted money for video. Guy who saved man wanted nothing.
Found a shirt and saw mall :)
Earlier this afternoon and I spoke with a class of students. Great dialogue, great questions and Great time!
GIMP: The Free Open Source PAIN IN THE ASS.
I believe so :) RT : is it all week? Teen jeopardy is the best.
I was watching it earlier. They were auctioning off creepy dolls.
please don't :(
just started season 2 of One Tree Hill!! so addicting
haha my day was kinda boring.
RT : RT Joliprint- can clip out what do not want to print (saves from wasting paper)
but everybody poops
a train, a plane or an automobile
booked a web designer! new site is go! (in a couple of weeks)
Marriage rights for all American Citizens is the only fair thing to do! I fought a war for your rights, can't I at least marry who i want?
Need a cup of tea, just instantly makes me warmer.
Back to Seattle late this weekend...
My head hurtz I was just fighting wuth my self
UTLA testimony: if school districts follow their own policies and the law, school safety would be strengthened.
Top that, New England and Denver!
lol thats cool and all but bottom line is, him tryin wont do a damn thing as long as the law makers hate him.
im appalled
aw me 2
Elektro killed it! #sick they met their challenge but I agree, step it up and I promise you they'll be ABDC <3
Shaunie O'Neal says the future of Basketball Wives will be more balanced. What do you think?
Come on #Seahawks!
Agreed! And my weekly #FF for who is a must follow if you care for theatre in the least.
You're the biggest liar. You'd even lie if the truth was better!
any with single payer systems?
Happy Ash Wed everyone!
come on dude, my response tweet was way better.
Come to the Bucks game tonight if you are ini town
Finally Raining after weeks of drought. Nice slow drenching rain. I feel rejuvenated myself after a scorching summer.
There's so much pressure for a good first tweet..Anyone notice that everyone loves ? Even the thugs from South Bronx love her
legit #Swag <U+2665> I should of just let you follow my normal twitter to save the hassle but I tweet a lot of Bieber stuff so....
so, polish parade huh?
that must be the avatar penis u was referring to. I'm good! Lol
More live music... Snow Patrol at The Paramount.
It's almost time! 3 O'Clock club offers a $50 gift card to Dinottos on North Ave for only $10!! www.3oclockclub.com/index.php what a steal!
just finished, should be on the way soon
superstition is the best.
Up early for a story on a husband and wife who are both olympians. (No pressure kids!)
yo JB loved you in THE TWENTIETH CENTURY with Carole Lombard. Put down that bottle you rascal!
He knows exactly what to say to make a huge smile on my face<U+2665>
agreed, especially American youth.
I bet Luther Campbell and Stuart Scott are bitter "Raise the Roof" didn't become a jock jam. I had the cassingle.
And I from you :)
you cant go! Omg!
I watched UK baseball against LSU all weekend... They ARE good! Louisville has their number for whatever reason...
“: I was just interviewed by for her morning radio show while keeping things under control at work.” Gangster!
agreed and agreed. MT Vastly more interested in Top Chef than Top Artist. &Every other flag sucks compared to the Texas Flag.
fakeness so ineffective
For those of you going to #ISTE12 I'll see you there and will have to add it to the list.
B'ldy Cow! Organic Breast Enhancement Products Research? #dfbpokal Jerome Kaino
lindsay got a twitter...
aw love youse more !so do i cant wait till next weekend :*
Thanks! We can photograph all the gorgeous Flavin light we want! Hope all is well with you....
My Grandad Was A Real Thug I Don't Care What Anyone Says... #RIP Ilove YOU...
oh hahah well I think a couple people know about you guys now! (:
twitter or facebook which one you like better
customers shouldn't sass me because I am not above sassing back
dumped dump dumped ha
Did everyone see the amazing on Jay Leno last night?!
you want to
Quench your thirst with on 05.03.12 at the In the Art of the City event
obligation smashion ;P
tbh :You &Ana Look Just Alike
thanks dude!
Never fear, corporate penal colonies will mine the moon for helium-3.
Taylor Green's batting song makes me want to dance
I give it hard for the ones that gotta live it hard
right on, brother.
I'm not sure I'd make a very good evangelist given that I've got a total of 266 tweets after 4+ years with this account.
.. I will see both of you in a few... Lol
MT : Abolitionist & suffragette Anna Elizabeth Dickinson b. 1842. 1st woman to speak before U.S. Congress.
have a little. Let me know if I can help.
Thanks for the follow. Have a blast on that solo record!
I have not met a guy directioner .
Ty Lawson and Aaron Afflalo about to put on a show!
I'm planning to move to New Hampshire soon! Anyone willing to give advice?
escorted to stage last year at the 3pm mark. #timeforanupdate?
Go Dodgers!!!
Not the biggest fan of Pacult. He charges 10.99 for his iwhiskey app and has not updated it for 2 Years. That's lame.
I've had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it.
you need some booze
Don't put curry in your oatmeal. It does not taste good.
Requiscat in Pace => May he rest in peace, abbreviated R.I.P.
#HowAboutWe just forget about each other?
and ima wear my b-day pin to
Lol a very excellent shirt.
We love your magazine! You should definitely add your "twitter" link to your FB profile! :) Glad to be in touch!
yes indeed. I needed a great concert workout. #insanity with
whoa, are there actually women who say this? and I mean women, not trashy girls. Trashy girls are disgusting
ya, and they gave me a dollar tip..... Haha
I saw a look a like of you at Starbucks tonight.
OTDIBH would be 100% more awesome if you included photos/videos.
great year!!
heading to to do some touch-up painting. I love
no. I have a dinner tonight.
Lovely day is ending with #HeavyRain and bad #storms. :( Ready to go home and have a hot cup of coffee & snuggle my blankie and read!
At an appt for my son then off to work...i hate mondays.
They're going to try to sell more at lower prices--on everything. That's what Amazon is about.
They keep saying the right person will come along, I seriously think mine got hit by a truck.
That banner gets a straight red from me.
As I was saying ...
InsideView Sees More Efficient Sales Compensation Management with Xactly
dance show performance tonight #upallnight #dance #breakaleg btw were doing the Nutcracker :)
What luck for rulers that men do not think. ~ Adolf Hitler
Come on down to the BOA Rink for Indie Arts Fest. Free roller derby bout: Robots vs. Zombies at 5:30 pm on 7/31!
guess just went live? our new interactive website gbwvision.com !
": With all my heart I praise the LORD! I will never forget how kind he has been. -Psalm 103:2"
": 4th HR allowed by Santiago in 6 1/3 innings". #whitesox need a closer. A double A pitcher won't do it. Next!
LOL. No, Lee's getting married and then Matty Matt's getting married in July. One by one they all fall...
Just downloaded our 1st unlimited access ebook onto mid.school FollettShelf! Lost in a River of Grass - IA Teen nominee.
: Thanks & we're grateful for the RT's! Looking forward to the fair as well.
Thank you very much!
hahaha indeed it is!
At the library signing you up and handing our wristbands! Come on by and make sure you don't miss out on the awesome game we've got planned!
No, it's the friend with that "beautiful, curly, really black hair."
We are filming this afternoon for 'The Wall' at a wall on Rhode Island NE! Thank you to all our supporters on for this piece!
So, how bad is UCONN gonna be next year? Especially considering they had 2 lottery picks & 1st rounder last year.
hey thanks! RT : The Boston Pops is SUCH a good show
Really excited for a 6 hour flight full of new music!!
I guess.... So freaking funny
If people say something about you, judge you... Do not get affected! Remember: "Dogs don't bark if they know the person!"
how many sacks you going for this year, bruh?
i miss you more sam .. you and julia should come visit me soon i have my own place now
Debuting the 60 second hoodie at the ISS SHOW IN Long Beach, CA
Might be coming to Chicago on her book tour and I think we should go.
Catch tonight on !
And I'm starving!
fake. fake. fake.
I have a feeling sophomore year is going to suck -_-
love isn't a plan. It doesn't have a certain beginning and it certainly has no end, or a visible finish line to those deeply in it.
Diplomatic Immunity?
sure! why not? we'd love to see your Top 8 reasons to join Swing. I think has started something. OLA!
hell u been at dawg
Why are web sites for churches usually awful?
Happy Cinco De Mayo!! Busy busy lunch!! looking forward to dinner and Happy hour today. Free Queso and $1.75 all beers.
"Mommy, may I please have some more juice?" LOL! We forget they need our help to choose the right words/tone
True story!! RT : Life is good. Music makes it better. Dancing with friends makes it the best.
Calling all folks in Brownsville... See Matt 'sLounge 2night at 7 to find out "Where Can You Go?" w/ the new Cans
Im gonna stay up just 2 watch 8 flazzzsss dance again
You know you're in the country when...a wild turkey casually walks across your driveway.
1st 2 picks- SEC defense. I'm in and I'm good.
Open Jam tonight starting @ 10pm...great drink specials all night!!! Call ahead to get on the JAM LIST.
On guidance: Everybody says they want to be free. Take the train off the tracks and it's free-- but it can't go anywhere. ~ Zig Ziglar
Vector Signal Image Processing Library; Open Architecture Radar Interface Specifications Initiated by OMG Members
Love Kiawah. Have fun!
Just got home, tired as a mofo
I wouldn't sell today. I still have several goals to accomplish.
I think I saw you there! I was the one with the fabulous food and staff!
9 Score and 11 years ago! My new song!
Party people San Diego! DJ All Night
Need me to bust some skulls? *cracks knuckles*
Couldnt find a sitter for #BumpItUp event at #Equinox tomorrow night? Well, they now have #FREE childcare! No excuses now!
"Is that a leash?" "No, its a child safety tether!" "No, that's a leash" hahahahahaha new modern family!!
Coolin with the bros at SigEp
feels that circles are more about sharing information w/ people who are interested and less about privacy.
that sucks :///
I'm excited for tomorrows Heat game though....on their way to a fucking sweep!
Damn PONYBOY I never knew you were a racist don't ever call me a fucking nugget again be a man and just say NIGGER!!!!! lmmbao
I AINT NO STUNT DOUBLE I DONT STUNT OR FRONT I KEEP IT REAL I LEARN NOT TO GIVE A FUCK ABOUT THOSES WHO OPPOSE IM S FOR SINCERE-YOUNG.S
Copps: ...If advertising no longer sustains investigative journalism, where should we look to sustain it?...
is u my real daddy? starring all the wayans
HAHAHA why you hope so? LOL
Happy day. May this be the absolute best Thursday ever.
I hope to see you back 0n the field, I miss you so much, your love hate attitude
www.youtube.com/180filmsnetwork or www.180films.com
Congrats to Denver and Tim Tebow! Not since OJ Simpson have people been so captivated by a white Bronco. (from )
she dreamed of paradise!!
thank you for sharing the info!
Magic tied 1 -1 with the Pacers
Nice jobs nuggets!
Your account has been hacked and is sending me spam DMs.
UK FINALLY WINS VS THE UGLY ORANGES
Rub those Dodger fans' faces in our victory, get your SF > LA t-shirts now at webegreater.com Free Shipping with code WSFever
Welcome back to #Milwaukee, Hank Aaron. commencement speaker was a great ballplayer, but is an even greater man.
Lessons from FIN- have adventures, come home and love somebody.
So much for a peaceful butter burger. Party with 20 kids just invaded Culver's!
Want to crawl right back into bed and stay there
Shout out to , , for a night of excitement, drama and waiting...and waiting....
Stand up tonight .....
<U+266B> I am listening to Call Me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsen #MP3MusicDownloader it's cool
I don't want to defend Rush Limbaugh again please stop making me
you know me all too well:)
Reading some boring book in english...
This whole conference was worth it just for this panel
that's so random! Lol
it's not my shower.... I don't have to clean it.
Twitter...fb....flour....&....ice describes me right now!
Just booked our return tickets- we'll be back next week! But first, Hong Kong....
Roses are red, Violets are blue. Please don't leave me, because I need you.
#Baltimore has a funky presence. A squalid degeneracy that gets transformed into an icon of subversive glamour. -Raoul Middleman
Common convo around the office --> Coworker: "Do you know <insert name>?" Me: "Oh yeah, of course! I know him/her from Twitter!"
I OH an HR convo today too. Best line: "...and you thought telling her that her butt was getting big was a coaching moment?!"
Sidney Poitier: "hope is more powerful than hate" in video at William Douglas dinner
watching #CNNdebate. Let's see how long I last...
Ford to build $760 million plant in China Ford, in a bid to catch up with GM and VW in the world's largest auto market, said it will buil
When people bring up that one mistake you'll always regret ;P
Hello how are you
If you forget all the things you’ve forgotten, you’ll never miss them.
Will that open the door for Rennie Curran at LB?
Greatest day! RT : Great Day, or Greatest Day?
One is a childish fantasy that often engenders a lifelong obsession with its unbelievable heroes, leading to an emotionally stunted... (+)
this shit boring and im going to prom and need get shit done lol
i remember when you just hit 1 million.
wooop !! can't wait to meet so many turtles!
RT : The safest way to use the internet is to assume that EVERYTHING you post online is public knowledge. Everything.
amen to that! #SameProblem!
Hi girls! The woman I'm meeting has not shown up, can I join yr group 2day? 610.513.7032
Are CA #chardonnay styles changing? I've actually tasted several recently that weren't oak-laden butterballs.
Being daddy to the sweetest little girl truly is the greatest thing in the world!! I love, love, love it!
like you guys that would do that for her! Sorry I couldn't have stayed longer. Love ya too Annely! Hope y'all made some money!
Just saw #myweekwithmarilyn - impressive performances and insight into Marilyn's life. Such a brilliant and sweet, but sad person.
“: Brian Williams needs to just write "I hate Republicans" on his forehead and be done with it. #nbcdebate” What a stupid remark
Loved your show !!! Amazing pieces.
Thankful today for all the love that has been added to my life in response to the love that has consumed my life.
A newyawka -- good! Be nice to each other...
Margaret Mead "Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. It's the only thing that ever has."
#LIVEfrombehind watching in Menomonee Falls WI, with 10 of my new best friends.
What's your favorite thing to do @ Daytona Beach Kennel Club & Poker Room? Watch the pups race & grab dinner? Play a poker game? Simulcast?
Always favoring my tweets lmao
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
Gorgeous weather in Huntsville, Alabama for the 1st day of National Symposium on Child Abuse. Maybe I'll offer to run my session outside.
LOVING my new agent! <3 MO Artist Agency!
Going to miss the married clowns. The wife and I giggled every time they showed their names and that moniker on TV.
Awesome! Cool looking Betta! I'm going to get some tonight, my one take is looking sad after my oscar died.
let me see your phone, cuz all these b*tches ratchet.
Drum roll, please.....Are you ready for my pick for scariest book of all time?
:you should find out experience it for yourself some time...lol...
this is about to get interesting..
must be nice! Good for you.
Getting ready to do our first ever podcast! Let's complete this test run first, then blogtalkradio here we come!
Thanks for book cover congrats!
FREE! TONIGHT :00pm Williams Jones College Prepatory School, IL Frank L. Menzies, Director
On hold with Comcast for 15min for them to spend literally 30sec telling me they'll reload the #OnDemand database in 45min.
wyd this weekend
Terrific essay on Looking for Etan Patz via
hehe he did at the concertt
people will forget what you say and do but they'll never forget how u made them feel
You ain't lying! This weather was NOT what I agreed to when I decided on USC // LOL
I have to assume that corn tortillas are completely in love with me, the way they always fall apart in my hands.
Holy moses. He has a flute player in his band. Didn't see that coming.
Holy crap, this guy has the voice that you do the impression of Will Farrell aping in some skit or movie or something!
Why are more websites controlling the type of password I use? My methodology has been used since 1997. No symbols = BS
When you scream at the top of your lungs when comes on the preview for hip hop squares <3
Homework for this class is absolutely pointless for me. Career Development my ass.
lol we can but I dont have money to pay for my ticket until friday
Currently watching Fat, Sick, & Nearly Dead. If you haven't yet, watch Forks Over Knives....
#WhenIWasLittle I dreamt of becoming an #artist and when the world told me I couldnt I went off to prove them wrong Now here I am
#badcamp session on education and #drupal is really good. exciting stuff
little rory is all grown up.
Chicago PMI Hits Lowest Level Since November 2009 - CNBC Business activity in the U.S. Midwest slowed more than expected in April, fallin
sure thats what they all say. nosa im just joking with you Lol
it's on again today!! We both are on till 8. will also be eliminated.
Tracy morgan RT : Ray Ray RT : Air Bud RT Somebody tell me who the killer is on scream 4
of course for shaving silly. LOL
Let's get wild tonight!!
sngl ladies 21+ tomorrow is your last day 2 win a Valentines Day date w email your pic and why we shld pick u 2
Get ur Gertrude Hawk $1 choc. bars here @ the library! Profits support the ACL Teen Leadership Committee and the programs they sponsor.
My little brother has a death grip,I'm losing circulation in finger D:
Won't be much to follow since you said he died before getting a RT from Vargas!
ha! Good friends. And 3 big bottles from duty free, not helping.
Next up: Gayatri Gopinath (NYU, Social and Cultural Analysis)
Baby I just need some motivation
so you aren't on UK warped?
Could be worse.
My timeline is full of fan GIRLING girls <3 :D
“the enemies of #freedom” are here – not in #Iraq, #Afghanistan or #Iran. Saddam Hussein did not take away my 4th and 5th Amendment rights."
Brewers aren't that early anymore. 1/8 of season done. Getting little nervous.
Scoreboard has uofl with no timeouts
Finished PERDIDO STREET STATION. Loved it! On to the next in the series, THE SCAR.
Is reading "Making a Living Without a Job: Winning Ways for Creating Work That You Love" and hoping to be inspired!
help for the 2011 #stuffabus 3 locations #canton #royaloak & #ClintonTownship help us fill school buses with toys
yea I kno shit hurts too, lol Courtney came with me too, I was chilling @ Jcp earlier today, its then changed for real
I´m to lazy today... What else LOL
Happy Saturday--Thanks for the RT, Remind me...you either sacrifice speed, quality or ? I forget the third element
sounds good buddy
HE'S BACK. RT : Crazy to think that 10 years ago I signed my letter of intent to go to Butte Community College
My grandma might go into surgery tonight. I'm praying it goes well.
i don't really give a fuck and my excuse is that I'm young <U+2764>
Best sightings in the media center so far, Shannon Sharpe and Kurt Warner.
Sex Equation: Me plus you, minus your clothes, divide your legs and lets multiply!
Just saw willie north pole
About to cause some well deserved chaos.
This fog reminds me of a scary movie. Def hiding under the covers tonight
You sure?
People throw rocks at things that shine...
Our thoughts are with all who were affected by the weather today. Please stay safe out there.
Speed matters - e.g. Google Instant which delivers rapid, meaningful search results as you type
my stomach needs to get back to houston soon for a vacation from my vacation.
Almost to #Seattle -- I'm kind of loving that #Amtrak now has free wifi!
Golic dont b a jerk, some of us lowly fans don't get a chance at big game tickets. Put best players on floor!
Awe! I hate you too! Let's die together! :3 ^-^
": lol I know smh"I guess we can say dat was like a piss test #random lol
Father John Misty show befuddled me (in a good way). Thoughts to come tomorrow.
What do u think about Bryce's Bam Bam nickname
Thanks lady!!
DREAMers have feetintwoworlds.org. Send your 2-3 min video stories to
No long walks for us today. Our trips outside are all business when it's this hot.
Restaurant Week starts tomorrow! We're excited to have you come by and enjoy the menu we've put together for you!
Just release my 9 point plan go2 winwithwarren.com 2download it as well as more detail on my pension plan to put Jacksonville back to work
I'm so immature. I laugh everything my phone has 69 percent battery...
Flowers must fascinate insects, and books must fascinate readers, in order to survive.
shopping for you?
Back when crocs were big.
How is everyone??:)
#mayrmayr Roy is wearing angry glasses.
: When a girl says "whatever", she really means: "I hope you get shot, fall off a bridge, and then get eaten by a shark!"
hmu one you get it
really got schooled on I almost felt sorry for him as he tried to crawl away from the fact that 999 screws 99%.
Just watched do a tribute to Amy on a foreign award show's live stream. Pretty sure it's German. Sorry. But it was AMAZING.
tell me about it
Another aftershock in Fluvanna County Virginia from last August's earthquake. Windows rattled. Egads.
Hi sexy ;)
If you skip 1 - 3 period do they call your parents?
THE FUCK BRAHH ??? u like never tweet anymore :(
That's a long boat trip!
i really hope you get tickets. You never know, you could still meet them.
Yup, formatting meeting is even worse than I thought.
well deserved
I don't understand how you stop Anthony Davis. Seriously. I don't.
It was gorgeous!
Historic #flooding in North East. And, one more flood around my apartment in two weeks.
We are back on our members only nights Fridays and Saturdays here @ Try Outs! Mondays are now dedicated to men, just men.
Bryce Harper just went Yard, my life now has a sense of purpose...
Aye you
LADY HOMI BDAY BASH FRIDAY NIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE HOSTED BY DJ ROK & MIKE DEAN KITCHEN OPEN 21 + EVENT YOUR SAFETY IS OUR #1 PRIORITY
You seem crabby today... I think I may avoid your office...
Cmon Rockies... can't you freaking finish off a game?
Red Hot Chili Peppers top Lollapalooza lineup
I made my friend listen to you guys.. let's just say the reaction was mind = blown. (:
Also, what are tourists?! And who am I?? And, yes ma'am.
Someone better have a soccer game this weekend. I'm tryna go
Johnny Cash tunes by Big Smith, BBQ, Cold Beer, and ah the Patio Tonight! Get the Bikes out Boyz.
hello angel..keep the music going
Why would you do that
Everybody but us can do the coin money.
Hunger gets wat hunger wants... Lol
4th of July in Golden Gate Park!
Thanks for coining a great #JohnWilliamsIndiana Jones/Jaws crossover: Raiders Of The Lost Shark. 1-800-421-1717.
Birthday weekend festivities continue. Lunching and shopping with in DC.
no matter what happens to you in life, remember it goes on
When servers say "tell me when" as they grate cheese over your salad... What if you never tell them to stop? Will they grate forever?
Visit www.pittsburghgives.org and donate! I did! To
Oh! Thank you for the heads-up - I didn't know that! I think this means I'll be taking a long lunch break. :)
can you send me the link you are looking at?
“: About 220 in attendance of this inaugural event. Great turn-out!”
Food Trucks and their customers luv the Shady Tavern Ice House
- what are you feeling so nostalgic for? Geez, you'd think ole Boortz is becoming a softy!
Student printing is back up! Thank you, Technology, for resolving the issue!!!
there's like 12 of us so far we had to commit early to take off work, etc lol
There is some ET around but we are more commercial. Lots of people in the area do ET. Seems like some breeders are going to IVF.
How you done der get dat light up there? Loving the big city lights in Chicago
doesn't help when you hit a guy batting .065 leadoff
Don't forget! Last day for Spring 2012 grads to submit online diploma application is tomorrow!
Your new nickname is mister fister RT have you guys ever wondered how I came up with doctor nice eyes?
Need a haircut this week? Call Strange Beauty Show and get $10 off your cut (773) 252 - 9522.
OHMYYYGGOSSH, you saw us? Hahahahaaaaa, time seems to pass by so slow :( I didn't see you!
maybe u need to stop dating women without their own careers.. S/O to ladies with GOALS
let me know if you need any help with your XHTML. Come to PDX, we'll study over tacos.
Remember, sharing is caring ... sharing can change the world
Janoris Jenkins fits with Cortland Finnegan and Jeff Fisher's Rams.
And when the actual logo says Sacramento instead of LA, it should be fairly obvious it's the wrong one. Lol
2. you hardly ever tweet anymore like really
cutest little man ever!
In our arguments, let us always have the humility to admit that there is another option...you and I could both be wrong....
A special, if sobering, place.
Obviously Not lol
So excited about the new Caro, especially because I keep getting random emails from friends who are also excited. Book club?
Hope the doc can bring you some quick relief!
At BBQ's in NYC about to do some unsavory thangs to these buffalo wings!!
Very excited to catch up with the old #BSU PR Crew over sushi and drinks tonight! Good eats, good times and most importantly, good friends.
Went to the Brickyard 400 today...I almost screamed when I saw haha :)
Family is in town for an early Mother's Day party. It's going to be a day full of good laughs, good people & good food. :D
that's awesome!! congrats!! great to hear we have helped :-)
Don't miss us! Saturday, April 21 @ Station 4 in St. Paul.
Back at you :) Looking forward to your posts.
My brother got a mental issue
I'm remembering my dreams more.
Dont keep waiting for somebody to put u on. Or for friends to get on so they can put u on.... Get to work on Ur life
Thank you for everything! You guys are amazing!
I hate when people on T.V. shows say "I'm broken…" Really? Come on now
Being ignored <<<
Embracing (and loving) the dark side.
I'm watching tv & the tv changes channels to record something that was set to record. It was #Rugrats. I'm excited but who the hell did it?
Waiting gets increasingly harder over time.
Is watching ur show
he gasping fa air!!!
- Plain Pringles dipped in salsa is really good too. Omg.
Jamie’s advice to Jessica
Ugh!!! I want to cut my hair off!
@ my dads house
tells me "fell out of bed Saturday and my knee is all swollen now just like my arms"
The rain has stopped and Serena looks FOCUSED!
depends on where you live. Lol!!
#Cheers BH Homebrew Judges! Chief justice Marty Nachel ,Mike Miller , Bob McDermott
I'm dammed if i do, I'm dammed if I don't. But I don't give a fuck 'cause i'm a beast, i'm an animal!!!
Big congrats Calvert!!
They are amazing. So many good ideas, and great energy. Very excited about what they are doing for us!
have you seen the hangover movies?
this isnt "Julia" this is actually Piero,Gianluca, & Ignazio. sorry... April Fools (;
I like it bro.
nice job getting the WIN though!
pop by the booth to claim your "share the love" kit! RT : Super-excited! share the love this
Exactly. But it'd be irresponsible to put him back in
You too.
4 yrs ago some lefties wanted him to be POTUS. HAH! MT : VIDEO. John Edwards has a lower favorability rating than Charles Manson.
Happy #worldbooknight Chicago!
You know it's true and I will DVR that shit
My Producer RickDean Has a Buffett song I wrote Angel of Mercy If your looking for an IT song give me a shout I will get it 2U
true story. I sincerely apologize. You can show me in person?
Dunno if I should have this red bull or not... Hmm
Thanks I will take a message from you any time :). Miss YOU.
BETTY LASH is still offering $100 OFF A SET of LASHES for NEW CLIENTS! (EXPIRES JULY 10th) Hurry tweets, Friday is almost here!!
Exaclty! It's like a sign of glory! LOL
melted over lobster ravioli
RT : Happy founders day to all my sisters
im sorry beadle follow
The guy from Parks and Recreation won the PGA tournament yesterday.
immunological response to food can trigger both migraine & IBS. Dairy, wheat, soy, egg = most common
I saw you! Added.
“: #FoodTruckCourt today! Not only food, but artists too. Join us at Kellogg and Robert from 11.” we'll be there!
Of course he is!! I miss summit - hope it was awesome!!
If uncertainty is unacceptable 2U, it turns into fear. If its perfectly acceptable, it turns in2 increased aliveness, alertness &creativity
Any special requests today for lunch? See what I can do for you.
go away.lol
I don't know what's worse, this Then and Now or this history book's grammar.
Made ice cream in chemistry today.
cheers x
I want to do a cauldron version of the timbers Tetris -
i now fall asleep to STWOF every night! thanks for making my nights a little dreamier ;) <3
The fact that he knows im his>>
Happy Hour all day! Stop on by 4:30-10p.m.
Three Days.
is my fav
come hang out with me!
They would indeed. RT : we'd find a way to fit Anthony Davis in :)
Hanging out with my bff in time sq.
i guess..so ITS FRIDAY FRIDAY GOTTA GET DOWN ON FRIDAY!!!!!!!!
Thanks for heads-up. Could you send link to ? I can't open tiny link in your DM. Best.
Kerry wood? You guys are still bitching about him?
lots of rumors flying about the health of Chuck Brown. Until I hear from someone who is really in the know, it is all just rumor
As we all continue shake our heads at the VMAS, I continue to laugh...
all this sht is new to me im learnin to behave
I see them D: I want to be the sand under their bodies Jackie!!
Hi David. I worked for Pearson in Boston for many years. Know Sarah Hull from Custom? A friend of mine. Cheers
Is George Mason in Arlington still shut down in both directions over by the hospital? Trying to plan my route home....
glad you like the integration! Thanks for sharing w/ your followers.
what u doing up so early lol
#sweet .. No pun intended
I didn't used to eat meat, & now I think of veggies as a vehicle for bacon. It's a 20:1 veggie/bacon ratio, but still. That 5% is delicious.
The winner on this morning was !
'don't say that. Just because that baby's white don't mean it look like the other white baby you know.'
But I would have starved trying to get enough teosinte in my diet
Excited to show off our new murals today!
thats what she said.
Eccolo Media study: 83% stated the embedding video or audio in written content positively affected the overall influence of the article.
You are wearing flip flops to work? RT It is definitely not flip flop weather. Silly patsy.
Lin might be the easiest player ever to root for! What a run for the kid..
that beautiful moment when harry thinks DTF means dedicated to fans <3 gotta love this boyy ;)
Real eyes realize lies.
hello only place i can freely vent. FUCK!!!!!!!! FUCK FUCK!!!!!
thx lesko. unfortunate result but oh well. see you in a couple?
just bought drumsticks and was wondering what i would make with them! thanks!!
TY! <U+2665> I've been listening to it. "Lillie: F-65" is anything but a downer if you <U+2665> doom! The album cover art is classic, too.
Having fun in Lincoln County!
Thanks for the RT's!
have you ever been to Fisk-a-teers site for crafters? It's an example in this presentation... Made me think of you
1 prestige usually Takes about 20 hours to get ..level 15 equals about 13 days of playing cod lol
just messing with you. but glad to hear you're doing 'em periodically! my teacher training starts tomorrow.
": Tatt your whole body you don't give a mutha'fuck you say? #OHyoumustbecool" our just stupid
We're printing more issues! Would you like West Coaster at your craft beer business? Do you have a spot we should distribute to? Just ask!
Good friends are like stars you don't always see them but you know they're always there
Great lineup of films!
Hope everyone had a great #weekend!
Trying and Doing are two different things. When you try, you hope. When you do, you succeed.
I did:) will send pics!! RT : Did you find an outfit for the weekend? Would love to see pics!
A5: varies by target, but too many brands over complicate. know what ur target wants first & foremost, and how they'll use ur app
We are rocking the Soham Dance event today at the Vittum Theater (1012 N Noble) today. It will be from 1:00 to 6:00....super excited!!
I wonder what the singularity will be like. Will we lose all connection to our bodies? Or will it be like constant blow jobs?
you always help me pull through :)
One more!
Speaking of ant-eating fungi, wants to start Friday Night Write again, but this may interfere w/FNM.
Pulled for #Bodemeister but happy for I'll Have Another's win.
How is #yououtyoduckassmind trending? Unless everyone is tweeting the same question . . . that must be it.
The #stagecoach party has already started in the parking lot of the Indian Wells Tennis Garden where people are getting their wristbands.
use your left hand and it will feel like someone else is making you a cocktail.
Otter Bag™
mane nun thuggny
If you ladies are looking for some arm candy, I've got plenty of Kit Kats tucked in this shoulder holster
You have a great product, but how about markdown preview like byword does?
I have no idea but your thoughts sometimes ... Lol I be like why is he thinking of such weird things
Carrollton Grandmother Ready To Audition For Dallas Cowboys ...
Tonight The Top Shelf's Garage. Scarlett's Web.
YW, I think it was in someplaces!
we do.
Ya, but you're cute! Limbaugh's just gross.
Nailed it.
I believe 4 and then they all share an open large space. The site exists at the elementary level
Words don't exist for my feelings. Oh.
nice seats. Thats the section I sit in everytime I go to a game.
Psa 110:4 The LORD hath sworn, and will not repent, Thou [art] a priest for ever after the order of Melchizedek.
then i preordered the movie and shit and at tht time it was 6 30 so i went outside w/ john and played Frisbee for an hour
let me have my alter ego plz
PS, I'm calling it now that gets the award for film.
We have extended our Buy 2, get 1 free through Sunday 4/29! Have a great weekend everyone!
About to get vans yay (:
Anytime you play us check the stats my team winning
doing final-final edits on my book. This will be a quick and easy process since I've already edited, right? Right?
Yes, you can submit directly to editors. If by "editors" you mean Amazon.
Hey follow
Not happy about being up at 6:45 am on 1) a Saturday and 2) st patricks day to move. Sigh.
It makes me mad the way you treat yourself and the way you let people treat you.
Finch, you magnificent bastard...
dream big
Let's start a flashmob: When the space shuttle returns, everyone dress up up in Ape outfits. RT RT :
coming down in a couple of weeks for a game. can't remember the exact date.
Makes you want move to Southern California. Life is not bad.
It's the best kind of history. The kind most people would rather forget. The juicy stuff.
at least I knew how to cancel the request :P
Wanna piss off a fan base? All you have to do is ask is "who's #MichaelJackson #Ladygaga #JustinBeiber or #Onedirection" it's a #DeathTweet!
i'll look forward to them, only for them NOT to show up in my sub box for some reason. -____-
hehe and Ben needs better taste because Brad Pitt isn't even that cute XD
Elbow pain is getting really bad. Not fun.
Billy Joel "The Stranger" #nowplaying This song and album shake my soul.
Add this to the list of reasons we love Baltimore: a standing room only performance of John Cage's Sonatas & Interludes ON VALENTINE'S DAY!
can't wait to see what goodies you cook up for the blog. Better rest up for next weekend!
Sure, you have every right to be angry, but so what? The real challenge is to make a positive difference.
Tweeting power yeehaaw!!
damn,I gotta get up n start workin on these songz again fam,im workin on 2 hot 1's,#TIME2GRIND!
Eff Kodachrome, that's been gone since '09. No Tri-X 400 would be the nightmare. I guess I better start stocking up.
": If I was able to tell my story with passion, my lecture might help others find a path to fulfilling their own dreams
I totally hear you. I bought the 5 disc The Complete Adventures of the Style Council!
rain rain go away, none of my clean clothes match my rain boots today.
Progression,growth, strength, faith
past 10pm i be afriad to see what these smuts post on twitter lol....#twitterafterdark really does exist
Sorry, Thong Number
Police looking for man who held up a gas station in Norwood with a machete. Story at 5:30.
Mirko Pasta- Toco Hills Thank you to the over 2,000 wonderful Emory students who showed up to experience made from scratch Italian
Hey, thanks for following :)
I know but im just trying to make a point to some guy who keeps saying he has sources that they're meeting today.
"why do you like licking buttholes?" "because it's the prettiest star you'll ever see!"
Thanks for the link, was having a hard time finding it.
Thinking of all my friends at
#LiamNeeson is very cool.
"surprisingly social media?" More like "overly" so.
'member Marc, u bragged "when I started with Huntland & they told me to get that monthly check to that elected official, I STOPPED THAT" :-o
2nd semester started. students to start working Luke's Hospital and the GAP, Inc. soon.
Dear Santa, .... I've been good all year. ... Ok most of the time. ... Once in a while. ... Forget it. I'll buy my own shit!
2 years from now there will be a movie that centers around Whitney's funeral Eddie Murphy as Bobby Brown & Aretha. Kevin Hart as Ray J
I've lost 2 pounds since Wed! Making it 7# lost in Oct! Total: 30# this yr!! Btwn mile+ walk w/MTM & awesome V3: feeling gr8, loving this!
might head to Croatia in September. What are two must visit spots that are close to good vines?
This is what being home does to me. I always feel awkward, uncomfortable, and blah.
no stop it!!! We can't grow up, we still have to be those 7th grade girls that everyone thought were twins. #GoodbyeLA :(
On my way! You guys still there?
Does anybody want to stop by the Marquette Radio studio tomorrow morning for ' birthday? You're all welcome to.
Regardlex of how many tymz our heart got broken, we somehow still get intrinsically connected 2 the one's we adore.
1704-British sea dog Adm Rourke & Sir Cloudsley Shovel capture Gibraltar from Spain. Britain still owns it today, which really annoys Spain
hey I'm pretty sure were almost black ....
Tony Parker...without him, Spurs aren't second best in the west
working working and working that's all.
Very true.
We got hacked! Our apologies for the spam
Absolutely loved we own the night tour <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> now time for me to go to sleep night night
aye if you guys have a PS3 then you guys should add mii @ the rocker or gamechoo
Our government is full of children.
#FF For good debate on issues:
What subject?
What a beautiful Grand Slam that was!!!!!!
ctrl-alt-delete, username, password, browser, url, left click, right click, security questions, why his wage slip was online now .
as says, our bread is saltless because the salty stuff (cured meats, chicken livers) goes on top.
#truth change doesn't start by moving to a new city, change start with you making up in your mind to change! ()
Follow to win- One follower wins a $25 visa gift card. #freebie #contest #starbucks #win We are #WebDesign, #Development, and
Eventually the polls will be narrowed down but it is VERY IMPORTANT to get OUT V O T E it does COUNT
tomorrow feels like it's gonna be a good day ?
LETS TREND MERRY CHRISTMAS KIDRAUHL! :D <333 TWEET IT TO ME AND I'LL RT.
I presume you will be in Vegas in Nov. Mahle policy sucks so US business will disappear!
Thanks for following and the link to the article.
RIP Junior Seau
Looking at photos of hot men for the cover of THE MAYHEM: ROAN'S STORY. Oh, the sacrifices we writers make for our craft!
If #Knicks Dont Win The Early Bird Rights We Still Can Keep Lin Regardless We Can Match Any Offer But We Probably Gon Lose Novak & JR.
very odd, the estate is only going to rake in money over the next few years. Look at MJ.
definitely! Sorry I had to run out so soon, I'm sure we will meet again!
is at today for FREE coworking! Tweet us or come by the cafe to book office hrs between 2-4pm w/ us -also free
You wanna see a bad movie? Watch Mister Lonely.
im so pissed off
reading your tweets is like Jacob finding out Bella only wants to be with Edward. Its just painful. ask and thou shall receive
#DragonflyRockstars S/O
that's the sprit
Dance! I SAID DANCE!
Half of the top 10000 books in a book superstore don't even sell one copy per quarter - The Longer Long Tail
Types of #entrepreneurs by - Tinkerer, Life Styler, Athlere & Suicide
FAT Niggas sleep outside for the New Jordans and they already be Leaning Over the Same Day!
Happy Easter Sam! Hope you have an amazing day! xoxo
RT : There is a lot of work to put in when your attaining something as big as a dream
www.platinumposts.com check it out!!
Say true.
: Can you fix the picture? Something strange now with PIT-MIA game w/the picture.
watching fear factor - why is this lady eating a pigs nose >:/
S/O TO ALL THE INTERS CAN'T FORGET THE BOSSES S/O TO THEM AS WELL FALLOW
finally pitbulls getting positive press for the good dogs they can be .
This is a mean, f*****g cruel world & I want my nappy & medication right now!
- congraduations! :) I'll be in Portland in a few weeks. Liked it last time I was there.
OH. No. I knew I shldn't have left the house. Damn. Somethng to work toward. How long did you (or have you been) play(ing) it?
dang... Busted! Lol .. It's one of two books I bought while in Redding. The weekend I told you abt my "freeze!"
There's something about the holidays that being out the best in people. If only people could behave this way year round.
I'm just impressed that this account exists. At least I didn't call him Jon Daily. . .
Who likes our new icon and background? :)
Thats what I like to hear! RT : was bumpin some in his car haha
Go follow
Who is the only major league baseball player to have been ejected from a game without ever having played? First correct answer wins!
RT: +1 "If it ain't social, we ain't doing it." -Chris McCann, from
Gahh.. so overwhelmed!! I actually kinda like booking myself, I just don't have time to do it well! I can feel opportunities slipping by...
You can do more. You can always do more
Poised Creation believes helping the non-profit organizations as a new revolution in America!!! Fund'em!!
YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS?Tweet us your favorite picture of #justinbieber and we'll choose the best.The winner gets a huge shoutout!!!
In this case the cynic is correct.
I love you duct tape feet man. You'll forever be in my heart.
Actress Cynthia Nixon Reveals How Rosacea Has Impacted Her Life - MarketWatch (press release)
I wish you were here as well. Not the same without you!
It was not the apple on the tree but the pair on the ground that caused the trouble in the garden.
Can always count on this:) RT : #FF Nice, Sincere and Engaging! What more do you need?
I keep telling myself to be upbeat and it is not working.
Oh, and I must more buttoned down on the AofA page - this is my Kim account. You've been warned!
Attempting to interpret the meaning of tweets that you don't understand only offers further misunderstanding.
I need a drink
Tonight was gnarly. My ears are still ringing.
Definitely! We should meet at one of the bars down here.
why don't you ever tweet boy!
so glad you could make it!! Good Luck!!
I used a very specific term, though.... obese... not just fat or overweight. Do people happy people choose to be obese? No.
Agi, thanks for the daily mention!
im sobummed because when you come to Houston I won't be able to make it because I have cheer practice):
back to sleep.
Welcome back home! RT : Have you visited our new space yet?
yo its all good ahk, thanks for the well wishes, ... im doing a show in the g in may
where is that dumb rumer coming from
your welcome Chuck Chubs :]
": So it's natural to be horny consistently in the morning right?" - sonn, this tweet made my morning
no! Why must it be so complicated?
I haven't, but it's on my list!
Love is a canvas furnished by Nature and embroidered by imagination. ~Voltaire
At the book signing! :D
I dont know but me thinks you're karyn :D
haha must be
If i had a penny for everytime you were on my mind i would only have a penny because you never were off my mind.
Seriously why do some people act like they drank the special kool-aid when they get in a relationship? U does not equal WE!
follow me back
um...why didnt you call me and tell me about your first day???smh
So Mark Zuckerberg bought Instagram for one billion dollars, why didn't he just buy the app for 99 cents? (heard this on the radio earlier)
Super excited :)
I can't tell you the last time I bought a pair of sneakers...probably over 5 yrs ago..I just don't wear them like that.
Now I'm playing Lil B "Ima Eat Her Ass" smh
"Say hey to the UP, eh" on a green flag shaped like a mitten doesn't have the same ring as "From my cold dead hands."
missed that session at #Leadscon but would love to learn more about legalities related to attorney lead gen. info avail online?
omg so technically i'm going to nashville this summer too! ah
Chef's knife, for sure. Then comes the santoku & tomato knives.
I think I stole the churches pen.... IM SORRY JESUS!
Yep. Lots of gimmicks. And dudes playing up their own kids. Both shameless!
School tomorrow ughh honestly I just don't want to go to Katz'S class -___-
I've got popcorn AND a soda.
I want to see a fight.
Where's the pic?
well it is dark and snowy outside so not allot of people are going to be spending time outdoor because it's the winter.
love that movie!
HEY! Go follow these awesome bands!
you sound like my wife. it was no days of heaven (greatest movie ever made), but i'd still love to see it again.
Anybody know why a KLM 747 was parked at today? Was that the honor flight or ???
great meeting with you!
I heard that too!
No, the tent is in my pants!
Also teaching is diff than other profs My son's worst teacher was another kid's best
Moxie's resident queen, Truth is doing her thing in the studio remaking an old joint...wish I could share it with you but....
En route to LaSalle Power Company to host Club KISS tonight. Cab driver has on.
Believe me i do the same thing!!!!!!!
None that I can think of RT : Rain in #Texas. Is any sound sweeter these days?
Why do they keep showing these kids in these swimming suits on RHWNJ?
I was too busy laughing to help the lady who was thrown off the treadmill in front of me. I think I might be an asshole.
Wys ": Hope I get these cause lord knows Me need them"
dear how about your great drivers actually try to deliver a package, instead of lazily clocking out early
once again byyyyyyeeeee......
I wish I was born rich instead of good-lookin'!
When ur single all u see is happy couples and when ur in a relationship all u see is happy single people.
yeah I never found the 1st two to be all that dope but I guess they made money so eh.
Is your painter brushing you off? That's not how we roll! On time and on budget and with pride.
On set and freezing!!
lmao! yoo we gonna drink some strong shit when i go back to new york
I'm ready for great conversation over drinks when you are ... when, if ever, our busy schedules allow. :)
Head to the B on this beautiful Thursday for a juicy burger, and then to the Monument tree lighting for a delicious Puffs&Pastries treat!
so whats up with everyone?
NY is starting to feel really small.
I like that if I ever head out to #Oregon, I have Twitter friends there.
5:30pm tonight is the most talked about game of the year. Watch Favre & the Vikings vs GB on our 10' HD TV's. HH from 4pm - 7pm.
": ALL I WANT IS MC.DONALDS HASHBROWNS AND A CHOCOLATE SHAKE... IS THAT SO HARD" THAT ACTUALLY SOUNDS REALLY GOOD RIGHT NOW.
this has been bothering me since the show started! Why do I keep saying "but you killed Patrick Swayze though"?
A real princess doesn't need a tiara. Anyways, a tennis bracelet is much more practical.
your welcome. :)
yeah, you're welcome on that one big dawg
's performance was sick! #LOVE?it!:)
Looks like the blazers will be adding a possible 2nd lottery pick this next season!
Lefty is headed to #NN11 come visit me at booth 706 and get yours!
1person creating fake profiles to unfairly slam an organization--what 2 do besides report those profiles?
One paper down and one more to go!
Thanks for the follow. Would you want to review any XO Skins Protectors?
Its monday but we already got the move for saturday
Big day for Cleveland. Casino opens tonight. Enjoy your stay! RT : So excited to visit in our new city today!!!
HORNY!!! anyone horny out there?? That will like to have a hot conversation??
This college offers classes that you will likely not find elsewhere, such as Natural Health Studies and Equine Science
anyone listening to us on Spotify?
all canadian teams are pussies, canucks are the worst though
i do my speech on school about you.. I can tell my classmates how you RT me!! Please! You do my speech and me a favor
Wrapped a video shoot, and made mint chocolate chip ice cream with spearmint, peppermint and orange mint from my garden.
Bonus points! RT : aw you used 'Natitude' in a sentence!
Happy birthday dad! I hope you enjoy your day as much as I will be enjoying your cake! :)
Also, how does the census know we have no dogs at our apartment??
thanks brutha! You got one soon also right?
When does The Good Wife come back? I want to start counting the seconds.
sort of. both are lucky numbers. one is slightly less lucky than the other:-) now I am moving out of 68x range...
NOW can we talk about bringing the troops home? Now can we, at last, consider redirecting resources to healthcare, education, green jobs?
Scare tactics always makes me giggle(:
Must. Keep. Writing. -- My head is so not "in the game" and nothing is coming out right! *grumbles*
s beard absorbs as much CO2 as all the plants in the rainforest.
Excited to release the Coaching U Live Newsletter tomorrow! The content is AWESOME!
Sami should be with EJ, though another triangle with Lucas along the way would be good.
no, I love you more! :)
I'm pretty sure it was.
Turn it up, heat it up, I need to be entertained.
Not a Tebow fan but you got no choice but respect his on the field performance
Very close - & try
I'm gonna have to be more careful around you ;)
i travels , i dont like to sit in one place at all .. this is what i do :)
yea if I was lovely an stuff I would be gay. But I'm not haha :)
so happy it's Friday!!
Kicking off day 2 with User Research is Unnatural
happy now
Buy my new hit single "No One Curr feat " now on iTunes.
U Cant Touch me in dat ~! Whatchu kno bout it ~?!
Teacher: What can we do to stop polluting our waters ?Pupil: Stop taking baths ?
get in touch with me and I will see how I might be able to help
oh girl I'm sorry for all that traffic!
Happy Mothers day! I didn't # it because I don't love my mother enough to make her day trend.
In holding now.
Thanks for a great conference. Got some really useful insights!
cocktail tomorrow?
sorry but i forgot to put my name in the pic should i re-do it or can you put my twitter on the corner?
HBO Cancel's Jonathan Ames HBO show Bored to Death What's wrong with them.. I'm shattered, love that program.
Morning traffic. Phenom.
GUYS.!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!! I FOLLOW BACK!! JUST ASK ME!!!!
How do people actually think the Hunger Games looks like a good movie? If a movie doesn't completely suck today, it's gold.
I hope it doesn't rain!
lol I retweeted it to see what you Guys would say
Dean W. was closest..but still way off! Dean Wins 2-free bfasts! 12million eggs each year. Our chickens also still luv Butler Basketball!
God I wish I could be at the BC tonight cheering on my team! Why soccer practice why?
Lets welcome Among the Few to the BHB page!
fear cannot exist in the presence of trust and faith. It's the perfect example of "three's a crowd."
make sure you wear a life jacket
The Hell.... My Facebook Is Temporarily Unavailable :P
are free throws not free?
Thanks for the follow!
I am going to be at Blue Martini for another friends bday!
Do you think the #Mets should still acquire another SP?
RT : Who wants to be mentioned in the new song I'm writing know? RT this message with ur #name at the end - Briana
We are about to premiere new MGMT on listen in
Guatemalan Proverb Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
OMG THIS IS MY LIFE OKAY.
Did you watch it?
Good Morning! Have a nice Wednesday!
Playing tonight at Beer Geeks in Highland, IN w/ Pistol Pete. Looks like the after-show beer is a necessity here.
I wanna go to a concert So Fucking bad! I'd do some dirty dirty things to that kidd. :o
Running away like Zola - Times LIVE
Can you give me some video shoot for show with iphone and send on e-mail? and i send you questions for one interviews!Is that ok?
awesome!, can't wait to hear what u come up with
Awww Thank YOU
Right on!!!
Glad you're enjoying Black City Lights, Quinn! Good luck with the screenplay, too... sounds insane / awesome :).
thanks for the retweet!
Tom Morello playing Union Town live at the TimesCenter.
Party hard, make mistakes, laugh endlessly. Do things you’re afraid to do. After all, you’re only young once!
You'll get your VP fix soon ;) ..new music is comin your way......
just read 87 blog posts. in 6 days. SAD blog posts. dear , i am now about to eat my feelings.
so excited to see you! yes, let's meet up. i fear you'll be much busier than i. i'll send my sched as soon as i get it done.
No probs! Just wondering how *every single one* of my friends kept getting quoted in stories ha.
So Saint Rows 3 next week.... Gotta cop it...
We are looking for a few volunteers during ! You get love, both literal and in posters & prints from our artists for you time!
#NFLrookie advice: The only thing that separates your true image from the image the public will perceive is the media.
#TimKaine housing is a spectrum.
When you help a librarian out, it will return to you in multiples.
Cinco De Mayo 2012: Why Politicians Swarm Cinco De Mayo Festivals
#atxAllGigs Need experienced Garage Door Tech or someone with construction background - Email work history to
Excited to see a reading musical Lobby Channel as part of playwriting festival.
I am disappointed by the Black Ops 2 trailer.
this may be extremely late but oh haha, thanks. Me and my friend don't know what to cal them so we said slippers :3
The #BFDailyWord is - knee-jerk (adjective) (NEE-jerk) - 1. readily predictable - 2. automatic - 3. reacting in a readily predictable way
Torn in between
Diving Great Barrier Reef: 1 big check on my bucket list. The Reef life is awesome and incredible, I hope we can preserve it for future gens
That's awesome!
haha so do you obsess over austy all the time? Lol
Why not "edible pillows"??????
"Dirty Joke Show" now downtown. Nightly at 8.
wanna roll in2a ball&cry my eyes out listening2 cus thats the only thing that will make me feel better right now
no, trying to win it after interception! On 2nd yard line 65 sec
FIRST "sex abuse norm:" DON'T!!!!
Simon say's shut the hell up!!
oh hey
So everyone is saying they grew up with iCarly. Bitch I grew up with All That and The Amanda Show.
- I know! The baseball gods are not on our side this week. The Sounds were out of town too!
. 21 days till boyfriend . Super excited . #iloveyou .
Well, we waited for a while ....
How have we not thought of those before? I've only invented "salsa chips"
I decided to stop following because his tweets are very alarming to me. TORNADOS ARE MOST LIKELY GOING TO HAPPEN.
Is there really such a thing as "application-specific passwords" for a given GMail account?
Congrats to : James Beard's 2012 Chef and Restaurant semifinalist for Outstanding Restauranteur for bBrg:...
Coming up on NBC6: defense points out what's missing in Nova professor murder trial. See you in 2 minutes
Today in class I said I was married to Jesus out loud. Got some props.
The audience clapped @ the end of #the avengers
RT : Champions aren't made in gyms. Champions are made from something deep inside: a desire, a dream, a vision. ~Muhammad Ali
Shoot done! Can't wait to see the finished product.
harder then a fag wit a dick in his butt...onika said that :)
C'mon, billy crystal. Christian bale was in Newsies too.
oh my life
You're a jerk! I was being nostalgic.
Our sub bus driver is freaking the f*ck out. Geeze, calm down lady
Wish I was at
Follow me!!!
Tom Barrett, other Democrats plan to canvass for votes, make phone calls across Wisconsin tonight
Ya that is the craziest thing ever, i wonder if that happens To other people besides us...
Just got done picking out outfits/ styling for my photo shoot & interview tomorrow with Austin Fusion Magazine.
I want Meryl Streep to live forever.
#UCantBeToughAndSay i'm scared of the dark
Omg I lost 45 pounds for practically doing nothing xD
Yo eyes R blue...but U ain't White! Yo hair just straight because U PRESSED it last night!!!
#UCONN upsets Michigan State in College Basketball #NCAAB. This Kemba Walker kid is a star in the making.
All is wonderful JS! Hope it's mutual on your end! “: its been to long, hope all is well that way lita pita pie ”
it comes on after Grey's
“: #YouKnowImMad if i have blisters on my feet -__-” that's totally your fault! You left them in my car!
on the plane
Wow, what a crazy story! Hopefully he finds a good loving family.
RT : Adrian Grenier just walked in from Entourage... Didn't know he was from New Mexico until now! That's awesome!
Thank you and for a beautiful yoga class this morning!
yeah at da lobsta and tonight ;)
It was more of a jam session but very good...
Lmao it's not that serious, i just asked a question
": The price of freedom is not free.Please remember all American #Veterans today,especially those who made the ultimate sacrifice."
saints v. packers should be playing ;)
Hmm... Interesting start for the
they just think i'm going crazy.... ur the only one that understands
I'm afraid to get on Facebook.
Why on earth do you think what Sen. Baucus' ex-wife has said is headline news?
Dear Chris Berman, the Patriots don't need a running back. Stevan Ridley will be playing RB1. That is all.
The key to materialization is the realization that inspiration and visualization require activation and perspiration.
Use your experience in your experiments to achieve your expectations
your eyes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Choose to be present in this moment, it is in this moment that peace resides and true transformation takes place
21 year old lefty from Cuba throws 30 pitches in a bullpen session & locks down a 25 million dollar contract. What a world we live in.
Just got off wk....gotta do it all over again in the mornin..u know how it go.. Get this cash..
Just woke up from a dream involving the Duggar family.
I've just got an extra ticket anyone want to join us?
We have a new server ready - vpn-ws9 OpenVPN (SSL) server in San Francisco
I'v been away so long because my blood pressure couldn't take anymore bullshit GOP talking points But after tonight I'm Back!
follow back!
I'm so excitied! I have this huge humungous awesome canvas that I can do anything with it...
OH, Sh*t It's Monday tomorrow ://
I really hope my fellow #libertarians are wrong on Net Neutrality, because if they aren't, the internet is going to suck
Free nation banks on voluntary compliance with law. Not enuf jails. GOVT can rarely proscribe conduct that masses crave
Hey Friend
whats happening cool! thanks for the add lets rap soon. Mich.
u should take a before and after pic.
Our 3rd annual paintballing event is about to get started! Pics coming soon!
Does not know why people who play softball have so much built up rage?
This #editorsmeeting sounds amazing. Keep the hits coming.
Hi!I'm glad you found me! I had been stalking Gary's twitter trying to find you. :)
Tomorrow morning, have a big announcement at 9! You better listen!
They need to change the rules of Idol this year so , , and can all win. No one needs to leeeaavee!
Following April's devastating tornadoes...Virginia Farmers getting $2 million in financial help from U.S. Dept. of Agriculture.
Whoops. Meant Uncle Boonmee, Senna etc
Saying, "Haha" after a text so it wont sound to serious.
who will be at the Black Stone Cherry / Chickenfoot show tonight???
Good Employers + Good Sellers + Good Stewards = GOOD COMPANY
Well besides the dinner, this birthday was just like any regular day in Henry county.
What'd you get?
nice one rocks (:
My mood is so much better today just because I cleaned my room yesterday, when did I become such a neat freak?
People who have met One Direction more than once, then brag about it for people like me who will probably NEVER meet them, they SICKEN me.
hahaha I would have brought them back
Player goes on the field. Field is wet and slippery. Player gets a Yellow Card. Pretty much sums up the #SKCvsCHI game with
Thank you, Jason; comments like this make my day!
Just jumped on the #agencystate presentation. Looking forward to the outlook.
It's great thank you! Off work today
me and Sarah have the same eyes lol and his are like hazel
Drink up Chicago. Send real beers, mixers, & shots to yourself & friends w/ Bartab. $1 to send, $1 to redeem at 75 of Chicago's BEST BARS!
when am I going to see you??
Today is the first full day of spring. The weather here in Austin is great. How's it where you are?
i do
Yeah I'm a
i love nice people<U+263A>
I can't stand OKC and the ownership group that stole a team from Seattle. But they are fun to watch. (which makes it hurt even more)
rigging it hard for the#cHeat to win huh?
Don't fuck with anything less than SSD.
do you have any idea of its whereabouts?? i have no clue
Great tweet!!
Of course, I wouldn't miss it for all the Scotch Eggs in the world.
Are you kidding me? Its snowing!
Yes, I think a lot of home business owners are not aware of what their HO policy won't cover.
Congrats #GoNU baseball seniors: Sam Berg, Greg Ferguson, Jimmy Filter, Andrew Leenhouts, Matt Miller, Tucker Roeder, and SID !
I want to shake hands with the wizard behind the Mr. Clean Magic Eraser Mop. That thing is friggin' amazing.
Coolio just came on my Pandora. Do I win now?
How do I sign up for one of those?
News ABUSE: Porsche : PORSCHE SCHOLAR DANIEL LLOYD ...
Don't understand y its only an "April's Fools Day"! It's fools year round & people r fooled year round.
I have good friends with both. They both like them, my BMW 3 series has treated me very well
Can't wait to see everyone's tweets about Undisputed Truth show. I'm hoping he surprises a lot of people.
Thanks Louise - fingers crossed for a big shout out this weekend at least. Watch this space.......
Well, "it's research," is what I always say!
Reading about Thrace and Marmara in my Turkey tour book. I must go there!
he was in the movie space balls. That's pimp
One uwm party qualifies as news?
Come on, Hoyas, get it together.
blah blah blah
wondering how seriously I should take my job as DC citizen/observer of the historic this weekend.
Had encouraging convo w/one of my mentees today. She got an important phone call today. Hope it blossoms into a job.
The Indiana Landmarks’ Volunteer Opportunities Open House has been rescheduled for Saturday, February 5th from 10:00am to 2:00pm.
ill have him call you wen he gets back i think he is cashin check
Is there a way to watch a tv show and listen to music at the same time while still paying attention to both? Someone invent that please.
ah yes the #soKodak commercials bring back great memories!!! I love them too!
My holy book is "Everybody Poops." It contains 89% more wisdom than yours, 100% less slavery, but about the same amount of shit.
provides the perfect #soundtrack for #Friday. #RaiseYourGlass!
Just watched "Just Go With It". Very cute.
I know that feeling of not closing a game 7 at home. I feel for you Memphis.
everything is good!, hopefully that last joint can work!
"Associate your face!" -Brandon Guyton
Pasta, wine and watching Moneyball with my girl.
May is #Celiac #Sprue #Celiac #Disease awareness month. Let's make it #GlutenFree & #Gluten #Sensitive awareness month!
Forbidden..... More like deprived lmaooo
And her name is now Paelyn. Oh. Alrighty.
okay i got 1000 tweets just about you, but when will you tweet something about me ? D: <3 i am waiting 2
loving listening to & , your both amazingg<33
In residential setting there is flexibility, but conceptually it is not a room if you can touch both sides. Corridor?
my bad, totally haven't checked my drawings in like a week--more stick figures coming right up! Ha :)
Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life.278
Game day
yeah, i get bored easily :p
I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity, an obligation; every possession, a duty. (John D. Rockefeller Jr.)
#turntoyou reminds me do much of everything my mom went through to raise me as a single parent. Once again, thank you <3
Billboard latin music awards red carpet it's ON , channel 20 , it has english subtitles if interested ;-)
Last night's event was a success, thank you to everyone who came out! We will be posting photos of the event soon!
18 holes. 7 in the morning. Sweater vest. Yawn. Ah
GAME DAY!
I hate math class. Everyone around me uses their calculators so smooth and fast like its a freakin cell phone and im still using my fingers.
CoMe Show YouR HaiR Love!!!
Blown away at how many rows Rock Solid Youth takes up on Sunday morning. Such incredible young men and women earnestly seeking God.
Good luck to all #GSJ12 jammers! We wish we were participating but landed at #utaou instead. Look forward to seeing the work!
GRAVITY getting pushed back to 2013 reminds me of when they pushed back ZODIAC from late 2006 to early 2007. Couldn't stand the wait.
#2012NBAPlayoffs = #76ers Stole Homecourt From #Celtics In A Dog-Fight Game And Tie Series Up * #OKC Destroy The #Lakers In Game 1 *
Um, giant Frosty The Snowman just scared the shit out of me and handed me a candy cane.
yes! Both pleasee(:
I miss you
lol no seriously
K BBE :)&nice name:)
Sorry to read about your tough times on Facebook. Good luck in WV. I'm moving back to DC in August from CA, and...
says trust is binary--you're either in her circle, or you're not (I want to be in!) :)
who u watching it wit
Oh so THIS is why I don't drink rum
RT I got rid of TV a long time ago. How many friends have you met by watching TV?<but, but, but...
Picked up entire troop's Girl Scout cookie order this morning. Van was completely full. Cookie party at our house today!
Disciples of California Games
hang in there. The Starbucks across the way is always a good option too.
Member what happened to the last guy who the voice? .... My point exactly.
thanks for the show mad money, a big fan
do it!
had so much fun at ur workshop
T minus 30 minutes! Can you handle this?
Good ?? Judd: "how we can leverage strong female-to-female alliances to confront and change that there is no winning here as women"
Chelsea Morgan Beauty: SUMMER SHOE SERIES: Shoes #3, 4 &amp; 5 ...
It got even kreepier...her name was Karla. So funny!
DS: All Defensive Coordinators in Baltimore Ravens history need to
I agree!
i remember when i could handle my own situations
Oh, see if Newt Gingrich were President, not only could children be janitors, but musicians as well!
Stacy Wolf puts hit songs from 60s musicals back into the bodies and voices of the women who sang them on stage.
RIP Donna Summer. Queen of disco.
Doing yoga to Brian Eno will take you to the fifth dimension.
Lots of notes from the pre-locking viewing. OMG Fresh eyes can tell you a lot about your film. Still a lot to do before we hand it off. Wow!
David Viscott~ In the end the only people who fail are those who do not try.
Like Flocka in the clouds shaking his dreads making it rain on all of us -_- lmao
luckily his cpu and shits here in case his complex trips
Advancing more and more EVERYDAY.
im about to go to the studio :) can't wt to get there.
Also, if you guys have pixs from April event, email 'em and we'll post em
Jealousy is kicking in.
AP coming out with pretty summer dresses *o* gimmmeee. I hope people sell them secondhand soon lol
One direction is awesome. That is all.
Downtown Los Angeles; Major law firm needs 4-6 years of law firm experience in banking finance corporate transactional matters
I feel so close to you right now, it's a force field.. and there's no stopping us right now, I feel so close to you right now!
Michigan State is trending, hell yes! 30 minutes away from the Rose Bowl baby!! #MSU 29 Wisconsin 21 at the half - GO GREEN!
How is it that the NFL is several months away, but it makes up 50 percent of the talk of every show on ESPN?
Sound advice. RT : Never just walk around with your peener out. It's dangerous. Someone could whip it off with a towel, you guys.
I just noticed that my profile is missing several months worth of tweets? What's up with that? Now, there's big gaps in my life!
I kicked IE8s ass today. I made it do things it was probably never meant to do. Made me happy watching it suffer.
Happy Thanksgiving!! :DD
I see people use "You asked for it, we listened!" relatively frequently, but I don't know if that qualifies as 'solid.'
anything you think I can post on my website!
If ur a backstreet boys lover feel free to check out my youtube channel. TheBackstreetfan13
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude 17
RT The Republican party has learned the lesson of Titanic, and so its motto is "women and children last."
hah it would look like landry fields does right now
Looking forward to an exciting day in the Ohio Senate tomorrow. Big news.
Lolz y'all are crazii but yea rip puff daddy
Thanks for asking! ;-)
RT if school is stupid and you hate going to it!(:
This'll matter for nxt 36 hrs or so RT : It's times like this when I can't help wonder whether Lincoln should have let the South go.
what if you mostly use Twitter as a news source?
get a ya boy I got some fire fa ya fizzle..
So for next Sunday do I watch the mob wives reunion or lisa goes gaga?
Wicked stoked for show tonight
Martin Scorcese RT : M.Bison RT : Who was the last player to win the national title and be the #1 pick in the nba draft
"Nothing is secure but life, transition, the energizing spirit." ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
#thesave I will be voting for next week. I fell asleep and didn't vote. She is the best singer in the competition!!!!!
Dearest Brett Favre: Shut the hell up. Forever. Kthnxbye,
happy birthday Brandon! :) xx
Gym time
I just ate Arbys. I know it's not #Paleo but it was so good to eat regular food again.
If u want to see me calm then see me high
Not over a tweet. :P We'll get together in a few weeks and I'll show you.
hey terry, we just posted a reply. thanks for the heads-up!
Fav question so far: what experiences transcend age levels.
Just saw gas for $3.39/gallon.
I can't wait to make a Malaysia/Hong Kong video compilation. Some great memories were made.
If you are just safe about the choices you make, you don't grow. -Heath Ledger
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
Alright buffalo! Only have to hold off tebow for 3 minutes ...
Oaks makes me feel sick sometimes
But he's so cute XD OMG LOL very awkward ... OH WELL
I'm seeing today!!! Be jealous!
So glad that everyone else missed on cuz the Bills struck gold.
I'm not a fan of Colletta's. He made George Perez's early #Avengers work look stiff.
I swear this is the last time I'm going to wal mart they have absolutely NOTHING! I need! -____-
Thank god for getting in my car yesterday.
Are you getting excited for your semester in Vina?
Have you had a chance to read up about Dr. Nancy Hafkin's induction to the Internet HOF? Don't worry. We have you covered...
First take have it all
It was great to meet and chat with Daniel Lipton, new Artistic Director of Opera Tampa.
as long as you don't find a hook dangling on the outside car door handle, things will be fine, for now.
its terrible right? lol waiting for my friend to get off work! then playing LOL :D
sometimes a girl just needs some instant potatoes and chocolate milk in a wine glass
Goin to hit ramps with dangler
Whoever doesn't think speech is part of his deeds & character is part of his religion will be destroyed without even realizing -Abu Hurayrah
Im finna be a senior!!!!!!
No one answers me!
I knew it new Black Manta!
Still sore from Yoga yesterday! Yikes! Guess I do have muscles, I know this because they are SCREAMING!
....you in your own head lol
Skylar White is probably the least likable character in the history of human existence. She makes me want to stab things.
Comparison tool estimates loan payment and how many $50 textbooks it equals. Nice touch. $367/month = 8 $50 textbooks/month
First stop... BBQ.
I'm ready to get out of school! -_-
okay :) ill come by
It's almost lunchtime, I wanna sit on a patio today
Thank You Congrats..*does happy dance*
“: Before writing children's books, Dr. Suess wrote very adult books such as "Boners" and "More Boners."” sounds like you
Word of the day: tartle. To hesitate in recognizing a person or thing. Now you have a word for that time when someone who obviously kn...
In NYC! So happy I got to see my bff Giselle! Miss her & love her so much! Felt so good to see her & catch up in person!! :D daylight!!
March Madness #contest! Let's Go ____ Let's Go!, I got #Kansas defeating
truuee well congrats!! you'll do great wherever you go...just get that degree!!!
I'm not as impertinent as some might assume. Don't dismiss me,
Pre-Lenten meal . Bring on the plate of meat! :)
"Even if it is unpopular." YES
Hi Jessica! Wanted to let you know I enjoyed you so much on the One Love Cruise...blessings!
#thatawkwardmoment when someone knows you and you have know idea who they are
Rather ironic that Christl spearheads the Packers Heritage Trail after he took issue with some info in book "Green Bay: A city & it's team"
we should DM&&I can't sleep either I havn't slept for about a month..
Do Wisconsin Strip Clubs have any requirements when selecting strippers ?????
Um RT ARE YOU EXCITED TO SEE ME THIS WEEKEND ?!!?
Brenden Frasier used to be such a hunk
thanks for the idea! I'm going to try these!
tight skinies and if u have a half hang off tee wear it!
how's the car holding up?
I just watched the new Oprah special with Lady Gaga. I gained so much love and respect for Gaga after watching that.
Working again, thanks!
MT : Whichever baseball gods gave the O's an early April Yankees series starting with the back end of the rotation, I despise you.
Are you a Bears fan? We are! Glad to find
T & I watched your vid when it came up on LinkedIn updates! GREAT STUFF! Exc stories, ie grandpa's situ ethics re prohibition!
I've been through a lot, but I'm proud to say I still keep my head held high.(:
Who says I can't love the dirt and be a model too=] Check out Dirt Wheels Magazine... =] I'm on my KFX700 tearing it up in the desert!
#grading is done, grades have been calculated and sent off to the registrar. Now, hoping the baseball game doesn't get rained out!
Lawyer makes a good point about Hilliard homes.
well don't get too excited it will take a couplemonths to get up the courage again ;-)
i just keep hoping that someday Austin will notice me!
Love On Top - Beyonce
can't wait to see! This is going to beer than Christina Aguilera's suddenly slut phase
Thanks for following my twitter Valery. I belive in the law of attraction too!
what's your deal, man? ;) Are you staying in the Bay Area or leaving?
Eating in Lousiville, KY on the way back home to TN. You know when it's real. I'm guessing we do.
am I way out of the loop? Where are you moving?
drone journalism is totally the future!
damn another productive day just to do it all over again tomorrow lol
Wait...I've heard of it but I can't remember what it is?!
RT !!! “: If its bout a bitch just kno i dont respect it”
Thanks! We've been moving stuff around a bit in the spirit of spring, redecorating and stuff....you know :)
I'm watching too much walking dead, obviously
#RealTalk. "I want to die the way I was born: naked, alone and inside someone's vagina."
Quick! While the Royals are gone, someone sage the shit out of The K.
My sister just disappointed me <U+E411><U+E413><U+E023><U+E023><U+E023> bleeeeeh.
If it is possible for any one person, it is possible for me. ~Frederich Neitzsche
Cannot deal.
Not highlighting the districting part, referring to how the process was sculpted to Tom Potter's interests.
Yeah you probably don't but I'll let it slide. It's just a game your still my bro
Thinking too much of what others think of you ultimately changes what you think of yourself.
Strawberries & Fruit Dip <3
double fudge cookie dough blizzard, movies and some mike's. it's gonna be a good night.
I like the idea of a wrist tattoo. :) My mom would be so proud lol. She has one, so I guess if she shot it down, she would be a hypocrite.
It's a good thing I was born a girl, otherwise I'd be a drag queen. - Dolly Parton
You were so HOT tonight on #dwts!!! Don't let the judges get you down - see you next week!!!! :-)
My first fantasy baseball draft of the year is in the books. Miguel Cabrera owners should be concerned now that Bonini Cloud floats above.
CALL ME !!
Revo planning meeting tonight at True North bar in North Park. Looking forward to seeing the leadership team.
thanks! It'll Be up very soon! :$
FINALLY applied to graduate. I don't think it's hit me yet. =/
I Know I Spelled That Word Wrong, Was Rushing, lol
watching robin hood:men in tights
Yes, --absolutely a wonderful evening!
Intermission, 20 minutes of nothing but the
lol at what you just retweeted about a taurus. #DoYouEvenKnowMe?
I have the best friends <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
In St. Louis for the night wish I could stay longer...... At least I get to skate tonight!
Lack Of Communication Skills???
So now my fam has decided to join me facebook, I've decided to move my vulgar thoughts to twitter
Leaving a meeting office at 10:14 PM & getting home at 10:15 PM. Good women, good neighborhood, good night.
#bookaday GOOD LUCK, ANNA HIBISCUS! and HAVE FUN, ANNA HIBISCUS! by Atinuke Love this series set in Africa
lol how the crew doin? Tell em I said Wat up mama
purpledoor is all inside this year!
Nobody's perfect, but you're perfect for me : )
Me too! “: I love that you pointed out that hiring should be based on culture not just skills #smcrva”
Gotcha! :) Cool!
Homecoming tailgate on 3 hours sleep? Sign me up.
What are the last thing this world needs for a thousand, Alex.
30% off this week! Use code: ship30. Support real artists. Lunatik Clothing
lol that's a lil extreme
Reading the LRB with an after-work scotch, all hearth & habit.
Fatt Wallet's ending the year strong! We're out of stock of our t shirts! We will restart production next year. Thxs 4 your support in 2011
u still playing AAU?
#askalexconstancio at playlistlive you said you'd follow me, i'm still waiting?
o well ok
No snow for Christmas :(
Today, April 4 @ 5 PM, "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio: Guest, Will Love, Model, Activist: A Day of Silence: latalkradio.com, Channel 1
Merry Christmas!!
yeah I plan on seeing maxwell to
I love twitter so much like for real<3
Experimentation is more important than 'big strategy'.
is that you're giving it all away! RT What you must know about your facial expression
Last night was awesome.
Consider it sprung!
Getting ready for
love shorty's?! stop by tonight for our meet and greet with free apitizers!
Truth! Christ says a whole lot more about rich people as sinners than gays as sinners. Actually Christ says 0 about gays.
Thanks!!! So sweet!
Yeah exactly. Was no bad blood in the series. We get picked on by Canadian fans. They get it from Rangers fans. Commonness.
Take the next step in your career at Talkbiznow.com - 7 days to V2!
I Love When Boys Act Their Self's Show's Alot.
Do you have a 504 plan?
if you want to use it in the future! :)
ARE YOU FOR OR AGAINST GAYS?
#ereexpo done! Now getting ready to host the STEM Panel on Jobs for the Environmental Justice Conference sponsored by Department of Energy!
Say hey to your mom today. Hey, mom!
I know right? Bein a girl stinks.
It is a helluva lot easier to build slideware than the actual product.
What's the Cheapest way to add the most value to your home? It's painting of course! Let us make it bling and add some Ka ching.
Ok I need five more followers before the end of the day to reach 100!! HELP
With me having 's keys and said keys having pepper spray on them I'd say my chances of pepperspraytothedome are a solid 70%
What does it mean when Peter King is killing it on Twitter & NFL team who annoys me the most right now (Atlanta) didn't have 1st rd pick?
#winesolveseverything and then some...enjoy your weekend!
thanks for the follow. Looking forward for your tweets
I am to bored...
One who sits between two chairs may easily fall down
loving the new avi.
Paper Passion - new fragrance that smells like old books for those who want "retro literacy" with their high-tech.
ok ms lea pls pls tell me u are going to prrform as elfaba in wicked???omg!!!pls pls do tell where is the show pretty please!!
#PalePeopleProblems #SUN & anti albinos
YOU HAVE A TWITTER AND I AM JUST FINDING OUT?!?!?
"It's not what you know, it's what you do with what you know."
Did he miss games last year at the end of the regular season?
i hate that it's so hard to find Barron's magazine in Los Angeles, everything is entertainment focused but
this little white boy standing on this dark street corner scared the hell out of me....lookin like a young jason
a website my buddy is trying to start
Spent the day w/ my mom & then with taylor, maddie, kadie, and leslie. :)
I don't have Netflix anymore, so my old VCR tape is my friend, plus it has the extras at the end.
the premise that wisco state retirees are coming back to work despite 'comfortable retirement' b/c of pension is illogical
fine fine. Lazy is the way to go lol
so it's late and i'm still up. who fucking cares. not me
a lot happened. And the memories of it just all came up and out like I just vomited them out
#HabitatMiamiWomenBuild is unique because we have developed a mentorship program in support of single female parent household.
miss you big head -.-
"Fragile. Do not drop." -- Posted on a Boeing 757
um excuse me...who you talking to?
it's a good day when your bra and underwear match.
RT bonkers how many #Supreme Kate Moss snipes are up.LES been bombed something fierce. Guerrilla marketing win for them again
I litter.
Sure would be nice of this weather held. Just sayin.
of course sir
Oh yeah, HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our bass player, Michael Skaggs!
RT : " Yay! I've been waiting for the recipe!” I hope you LOVE it! :-)
Learned a lot today! Headed to the O's game.
and son. his wife doesn't want to associate herself with the once mad woman.
hm what to do?
Listening to "Buidling a Cause-Passionate Army" by
This is different than usual how?
RT : WI: it's not just for cheese any more! “:
The best advice we've ever gotten is to "be authentic" & it really works. People like authenticity!
Lol! Naw.. I just walked out on they ass. Like, no warning or nothing. Went to lunch and never returned.
French onion soup - Great Dane has the best in town - Bennie's at The Jet (also best in town)
:o how'd you know!!! lmao
After the rain the grass will grow; after wine, conversation
Yes love, we do! We carry Odin, Truefitt and Hill, and Bond No. 9...I def. think you are a Truefitt guy, come see me this week~
Hussey = Smooth Operator
Q1: Vocation is the vehicle that gains momentum from what fuels your heart.
- AND EVERYTHING, WHETHER AWARE OR NOT, FULFILLS GOD'S PURPOSE.
Testing out PGA Tour 13 in preparation for tomorrow's event on State Street. Played it once 4 years ago; much better at putting in reality.
A REAL MAN...is a WOMAN...ha ha :-P...figure that out!
You would. How's NOLA?
Not enough time in the days anymore......
I'm tweeting 13.1 LA Half Marathon and Karhu 5K times for Crispin Lazarit in real time on race day. Courtesy of US Road Sports & Entertainme
just catching up on many conversations... So sorry for your loss. Sending love from my family to yours.
If the cup is only half full, I suggest buying a smaller bra.
not sure yet but magic 8 ball says it's likely. Can only do gin & tonics if it's warm.
Nobody riots or gets in fights over buing a pair of hand made Cowboy / Cowgirl boots that will last forever if taken care of.
i've tried to forgive, but i can't forget.
6x6=too much!!
Another chance for you to win that trip to Vegas for the iHeartRadio Music Festival is coming up at 5:10p on !
No more turtle ! lololol
Thanks for the heads up - I hope to attend!
Can I forward my St. Ed's email to my gmail account?
thanks for the shout out!! Hope you enjoyed today!!! :)
Can't believe you remember my beer collection! Sadly, this bottle went to recycling.
Hey bro hit me with a DM I've had some new dope ideas for blasfome
did you see anyone in concert this month?
Got my tix to the midnight Avengers showing on May 3rd! Oh yeah!
One day lol
lol ok bye new york
RT: got my collection point for ! hello, !!! see you april 23.
Its not a party if pants are involved.
I usually have to wake up at like 6:30 for school but tonight i'm free and I'm gonna cuddle into my snuggie and relax!
follow back
What place should I vote for in Austin poll?! I don't know:/
My friend's dad and Steve Jobs both die on the same day... wow... :'(
If you don't like the situation...always remember -you possess the power to OPT out...
playing COD with my niggs!
Looking forward to counting down to the Downtown Concert Series with on May 26!
Absolutely - the resemblence is uncanny! XO J
Never watching horror movies at night alone again! Kept me up all morning just thinking about it. Now my eyes puffy from no sleep.
#mobilityshifts Giselle Beiguelman tQR codes as the first writing for nomadic readers, reading cities etc. Skirts typing on tiny keyboards
I am pushing to assist small businesses become more profitable (for all involved). Not just the owners. Success must become the culture!!!
use the rules/filter settings to route your email, makes it much easier to seperate junk from people you want to respond to
Omg I'm so tired and my feet hurt....
Stick taps to the folks running the Twitter--they are extremely entertaining!
Just ordered my LSAT study materials. Law school here I come!
Dirty 30 today...and I can feel the change under my skin.
RT wish I could retweet that
Big day tomorrow..
Lovely night hanging with my old acting school crew. Find a class that helps you to get centered- you'll find your work grows exponentially
You need a lot more than jack3d
Some people...
Short hair, don't care! *high five*
Long Tail of the Big Bang - sounds like a Chinese folk tale
Going to be cold tonight in Houston. Make it colder and come watch some A league adult hockey at 9:45pm.
#dirtyjokethursday What did one saggy tit say to the other saggy tit?[ If we don't get some support soon, people will think we're nuts!]
I agree with Nina .Michelle Williams for best dressed
trump is only electable in his own mind. he's a joke in every respect.
did you lose it?
That just makes me go harder, taking it all in yes yes :)
RT : Don't be an EXTRA in the movie called your life. Get #InTheGame !
Sam Kinison and a night away from the x wife!!! Winning
August 14, 1993 - "Reggie Jackson Day" at Yankee Stadium. Reggie's uniform number (44) is retired.
He has me smiling from ear to ear. #Happy!
just living the dream. sad the pack might not play this year. not sure what i might do if they don't play, gonna be sad
When school's in: "damnn it's Monday" When school's out: "damnn wtf is today?"
just out....Lausanne CLOSED!
"Tommy" opening night!
M Light brights aha
Hi ~ we LOVE your books!!!
I hate to tell you this but that show is fake. Hey but the playoffs are real!
Creative Animal Relif radio show airing every Wed at 7pm ET time www.blogtalkradio.com/creat... new topic everyweek!
follow me back so I can DM you more info about the party
's markup is looking a little rough in that confessional, but I still love her anyway.
As someone who sells Custom Printed Golf Tees, it would be a shame not to have personalized ones...now what to say. Ideas?
According to Twitter-similar-to-me: , , ,
I'm giving side eye to both her and Cyrus. “: The first lady is someone to watch out for!! #SCANDAL”
#Entertainment. I have never seen muscle burst under pressure.It simply develops:)
we love you too! :] please follow me? :)
I love you <U+2665>
Hahaha, thank you 4 clearing that up!!! :)
If local sourced from R farm(or other local farms) thr wld B more wrkn farms in R town. We R only 1 left on road.
Hey Bro Tony Romo loves coming to Washington DC for the White House Correspondents Dinner
tell em' how u really feel... Lol
7 miles from my new (old) home state: Colorado.
#ThatllBeNice If I Could Spend The Whole Day With You, Everyday <3
Almost 100 followers, thank you
I think imma crash early
God thanks u 4 another day! I love u!
Some random guy in the street just wished me a happy mothers day. -.-
Where all the hoes at? That don't give a fuck where their clothes at
Any South Asian followers (India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nepal, Bhutan, Maldives, or Sri Lanka) PLEASE @ or DM Important. Pls RT
lets go #teambringit ! #teambringit is gonna beat
He acts mean to you and you go back to him.
Number one rule of dieting: If it tastes good, spit it out.
I didn't realize there was more than one either. I guess #saa2011 is more of a guideline
Moved my office to the front porch because it's Friday and I can.
McDonald's employees now greet you with "Welcome back to McDonald's," which is surprising because they found a way make us feel more sha...
i really hate sneezing with my retainer in.
#mythoughtsatschool can this bitch get any dumber #stuck why is she in all my classes?
Justin better b the next fam wizard or else it will b a cold boring spring break!
Thank God for early morning prayer! And thanks everyone for the wonderful and kind birthday greetings yesterday. Thank God for another year!
There's a special place in hell reserved for those that try to board a subway before everyone has gotten off.
Up late workin on #NFG designs for warped tour & listening to #transplants. Some of my friends sell records, Some of my friends sell drugs.
Happy birthday 2 one of my best friends Tracy!!!!! Birthday #s/o 2 Hope ur day is goin great so far!!!! Can't wait 4 2night! :)
ur welcome. I'm glad that I'm great help. I have to sign opn u steam later cuz I'm not on pc to sign up for it. I'm onmy phone
already miss my family.
Gudmorinin world I'm wit yellow gurl
Don't forget to check out our new Facebook page and like us!
Come see us this weekend at the fillmore jazz festival in san Francisco
What snakes are good at sums ? Adders !
I LOVE YOU<3
Hungry Again, :)
I wish it did! unfortunately, it doesn't look like I'll be able to make it tonight. :( break a kitteh leg!
People like you are the reason people like me need
Disney World... The happiest place on Earth
People talk about helping tje middle class, what about use the low class...
just watched it also.
Scaramouche! Scaramouche! Will you do the Fandango?!
Track of the day : Oh I swear to you, I'll be here for you ...,,everything is groovy: drive by- train
yes sir. Been an unexpectedly rough season. Ugh. Lol. And thanks!!!
23 days till #coachella!!!! can. not. wait.
Favorite part of 21Jumpst: tatum walking by hipsters: "I don't know what those are."
Words are powerful. Words can heal or hurt, liberate or imprison in walls of anger. You are an author. Use words mindfully to give life.
Hahaha! Take that, virginity.
Went running with 13 yr old daughter's ipod today. She'd be horrified to know we share a similar taste in music.
& whoever said ACG's was comfortable; is a motherfuckin lie
Finally finished a WHOLE group project BY MYSELF.
Wonderful concert at Kitano last night.Denny Zeitlin, Matt Wilson & Buster Wiiliams make magic to those lucky enough to have been there.
Thinking about taking a space at a Music Festival in Colorado Springs next month....
On my plate right now for acting class: On Camera exercise tomorrow waiting for sides, one monologue, three scenes.
my pleasure!
Can you help me get newly purchased program working for desktop? It says it "could not connect to Twitter authentication system"
How's Texas History Day going?
Liquid dope got the best of me tonight
Don't forget! Last day to redeem your $5 "Earth Week" game cards.
I am paying attention
Well well well, the end of the day is almost here! Where are you guys going to get your #Bartab on? DM me your email and I'll hook you up!
Amanda Palmer a) likes New Order, and b) still listens to tapes. My faith in humanity restored, I'm gonna go dance on my desk.
u talk to anthony about touring & shit... he sent me the convo he had with dude what u think about it?
RT : "We still have a 19th century model of education... We learn by doing," said Ray Kurzweil. #SXSW #SWSWedu < Muscle memory!
Day one with the smart phone: minor struggles. Needed a teenager's help.
i wish i could skype with you! D: i'm too shy, lmao.
As much as I love 'Cuse, I'd hate to lose a few days of hilarious stuff from
Love when people know they need help preparing for a big talk. Love helping them. Love my work.
too far away. Maybe they will save it until August 1?! I'm a very loyal customer, if in the country.
All this time is quite nice! I have actually read the news this morning! From something other than one news source!
#mucho taco staff is retarded.
Came home from track
And how many realize that's what it will take? ...and how many are even willing to do that? Sigh. It just seems hopeless.
Lmao at people who take me seriously.
Just wait till you graduate - then they REALLY come after you. They think you have money then.
you bring the sides, I bring the meat!
Been banging on the #Windows8 consumer preview over the weekend. My opinion: it's a step back from the #Windows8 Dev Preview.
Chris Brown is the most talented person in the entire world Omdzzz
This Light in August analysis isn't going to get done. I'm lost and I really don't care to do it.
I just wasn't sure if you or someone you knew had quick tips for alleviating the pain. Happy to hear you're doing great!
"We are becoming a world nation..what a gift it is. We just have to make sure we invest in it." -Angela Blackwell
#herworld we know you will
A yo I think
But I didn't say a percentage forever, I said a percentage that paid back the work.
when life hands you a lemon, say, hey, i like lemons, what else ya got? - Roxxanne Lynnette Redbird
they did! earlier today! We'll post up video soon-
Had enough time to walk my lazy butt to my class on north campus and still be 23 minutes early.
I loved it :) probably one I the best imagine stories I have read :)
GET.IT.DONE.SON!
10$ off anything just use karma rep code :lesher100
Make sure to check out www.brandonholder.com and go to the FB link and "like" my page. Thanks for all of your support!-BH
#MadMen is too short!!! Bring on the indecipherable previews....
thanks for "favoriting" my tweet! I am a life coach and we started a new page to chat, I would love to share the link?
Beverly Hills.
In Paris this week I met Kamel El Harachi, son of Dahman El Harachi the famous Algerian musician. Gave me his CD. Hoping we stay in touch.
My tweets aren't always just about one person in particular But if that makes you feel special than* hey.. This one is for you
Independent music is revolutionizing the music industry as we speak
RT if you will be attending Lynyrd Skynyrd (the season opener!) on May 5th!
I hate typos!
seriously?! That sucks!
C'mon Skins, today's the day you remain in first place
Auto show traffic. Ugh, yuck!
Saying goodbye to Blessed to have known you, hugged you, laughed with you, prayed with you.
Runnin Rebels open game on 19-2 run. No slow start tonight!
haha, okay. You had me at acting classes.
Wil Wheaton. RT : The LA Kings are going to win the Stanley Cup. And no one will care.
Play Draw Something with me. (Yes, I'm late to the game). username: israelcsus
I want to hire Vin Scully to call my life.
I just want it to be summer already.
Ha! Isn't that the truth. :-)
Night = ruined. I wish I could be numb of emotions right now.
We hope you enjoy your stay with us!
RT : Think the #2amt & #newplay friends would find the stream at #sitcon important/central to many national conversations....
omg don't even
It was the usual boring got up went to the store watching adam richman and then ghost adventures then going to bed
still in downtown #Philly watching paint dry.
That's awesome! gave me a rundown of your adventure on Thursday. I'd say you've been properly rewarded.
Come in to the Crimson Canary and you're first round is 2-4-1!
Wost thing ever. When u tweet somebody like &I get a mention thinkin its him when its some random person Why me! .__.
Omg I just saw that yesterday lol so funny!
grew up watching them in the DC area, when I first started following hockey
I apologize to my followers about the tweet/picture/instagram overload this weekend. I get that way when I'm with friends and family. :)
Cardinals were winners tonight after Pack of course LOL
Bisons game with Reb! But judging from the score, we must be bad luck.
2nd installment of lifetime annuity guidance "coming soon"
right back at you bruh!
" Tito 'Badly' Wants To Manage Cubs" On behalf of all Cub nation: Terry FrancOH-HELLLLNOOO!!! Hire Ryno already!!!
“: It's weird not having at a competition. #DancerProbz #disappointment” --
Tired of my dog
i hate reading plus so much.
absolutely!!! there definitely will be :)
My new theory...facebook was in a bidding war with apple for instagram.
All star game tonight hope its better than that starters nonentertaning disappointing dunk contest worst dunk contest ever
oh, wait. 87-88.. but yep, first lady raegan*.
I'm going to mingle with the unwashed masses.
my chocolate cocaine in her feelings lol
Dow down 500, up 400, down 500, up 400. Something isn't passing the smell test. This cat is employing a Hold strategy for awhile
You really need some lotion
Haha this is great advice! RT RT : Never drink your roommates last beer.
I'm hungry
Typical GOP -- support the pharm industry, not the patients who need the help.
U are gorgeous x
omg my mother is gonna drive me crazy !!!!!
No goldfish. Repeat: No goldfish. I am left having to eat chex mix and diet coke for breakfast. FML.
Not sure. I'd imagine so.
Chinatown seems like a good movie to watch for Mother's Day. "She's my sister AND my daughter!"
Always great to see you at Dobsons ! You don't have to wait til wine competition in April!
Oh it sucks already. Everybody walking around like they belong in the FF.
Guess my greatest fear is that Sandusky's case will eventually mirror the Boys Town/Conspiracy of Silence case, on slightly smaller level.
#thunderup don't let me down!
Now you have 2
lol ok cool
Expect delays right now on I-15 north and US 95 north as First Lady Michelle Obama heads to Springs Preserve
yes for sure! thank you!
First time driving since surgery.
Who's going to be our 100th like? Hmm...
But if this was a movie you'd be here by now....
Teamwork, Delegation, and Efficiency, the smart way to tackle problems!
get the fuck outta here you wont do shit
Today I'm going to spotify songs I heard on the contemporary adult radio station like I just don't care.
#StayAwayFromMeIf you hate
can only Tweet after 3:30. He is forming the leaders of tomorrow.
folding and stamping 400 papers!!!
Watching little manhattan, is the most adorable thing<3
And yes, according to , it is not a misprint, wow, must've been a really bad year for NBA guys improving
congrats ! which sandals did u choose? :) I went for the orange ones- never had that style before . Happy weekend!
"Don't forget, there's somebody out there, waiting to see, what you're gonna write!" Trevor Gale
Beautiful fall day in Portland. Worried it's the last.
It's 4am and final race prep has begun
doesn't matter.. More ppl like watching pacman fight cuz he's more entertaining.. Floyd wants everything his way.. Not gonna happen
Another great has left us too soon. RIP #MCA Adam Yauch You will be dearly missed.
Big save there... We really gotta pick it up..
ppl will follow any trend to fit in. smh?
I like my job but can't stand these people I work with.
Jennifer Hudson's tribute was perfect... gave me chills.
welcome to twitter Keith
Thanks for helping spread the word about CTE and TBI!
what a great poem and terrific line..
Much L.O.V.E back :-D
We want to attract all ages.
IT'S FINALLY HERE! Check out theentertainmentbucket.com
----Shout out! Great!
Imma kill my bro
Do it! Sounds like he's really really into you. I think you should go out with him.
everybody is a critic...lol posting some more soon
Thanks for following; I'll do my best to keep my Tweets entertaining!
Freaking amazing, can't wait to see a documentary on the trip, Cameron really walks the walk!! When is he going to the moon??
lol don't worry about it
The new weekday is coming. May the coming New Day bring you joy, love and peace. #backtoschool deals are available in
When I grow up I want to but a HUGE house with a TON of land and rescue dogs from the kill line and get them re adopted (pref. pit bulls!!)
I Must Say... Justin Biebers Single - Turn To You Isn't All That Bad.. Go Buy It!
You ever talkin to your former flyer teammates
#Reds have killed it this offseason.
I don't wanna be the man of the relationship grow some balls and say what's on you're mind
Account appears to be hacked.
Exactly, and we borrowed every cent to cover all of that from China
hi sweets did you get my email? xo missmimipink
I just got salty af. Lmfao
Having a cappuccino with my client and friend Teresa, former Miss NJ US
Designs & paper composition provide a large variety of solid & printed paper & some with vegetal inclusions
I"ll be there the 26th-1st, so like 9 days from now, we should hang out
Dinner on the ocean
I have a layer of dirt completely covering my face.
Wondering how many people will tweet "Marry Me" at tomorrow.
I promise I would love to meet "Hayden Panettiere" one day, the love of my life! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Nobody claps for Gingrich saying lots of government programs do good jobs. Funny.
Who takes they girl to Mickey Ds tho
that's what I'm hoping. He has run out before, but I've been able to get him in after a bit of a chase. This time he seemed to>
Everything is a two way street. Figure it out.
I seriously don't know what to get my mom for mothers day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
in the green room waiting to do the #bigdata meetup Hilton downtown 615ab come see the HUMAN SEARCH ENGINE!
She's real serious .
Congrats to all the graduates tonight ! Your speeches and hard work is very inspiring !
Can you say you broke a sweat at work playing ping pong? Yes, I can.
The sun helps
Can't believe its Wednesday already
What do you mean by 'sometimes?' Shouldn't that be 'ALWAYS?'
NOT THAT I'M JUDGING THAT OR ANYTHING.
I don't think I've ever been at downtown at howl this early... Let alone any bars this early lol
and I think I picked them 12-4
Movie recommendation is Mo'Nique in "Precious"
#Things cloud sync working well so far… thanks for the beta invite!
Can we start a music revolution!?!
Ego Boost
How To Increase Conversions On Dental Websites: IDA&#39;s Dental Marketing Portals Turn Leads Into Appointments
St. Patty's this morning then #StTaddys tonight. Cant remember being this excited.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CAMERON!! HAVE A GREAT FRIDAY!
Just bought an adorable stripped summer dress at Francesca's...20$ halsted and armitage. LOVE it!
i know omg im yelling
the 9pm episode. Hilarious. "dump all over me!" haha
bro okc all the way follow if agree
#dl10 at anchor steam in SFO. Happy to buy a beverage of choice for the first devlearner that pops by!
can i get FB
You guys following me? Read the exercise? Nod if yes
And he stood there like the house by the side of the road
so hard to revision it
JENFEK fans are awesome we love you all!!
'I fly , I fly high , I'm blazzzin . Feels like I'm blazin ' #nickkki <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Happy Fathers Day
Shout out to for being so awesome
We miss you here too! Always balled hard in the playoffs!
Anyone in Philly want to get a drink later?
I'm throwing rocks at your window at 9:30 after class.
We're smiling but we're close to tears~The Scrip
Excited to Blame It with Friday night!
Got a great message @ Church this morning....
#NYC what happened with the weather today? #TeamFollowBack Just #Follow ---> and I will #FollowBack without being asked.
Hey Pol I'm just cant help it when I got money
My teeth hurts now I was just eating candy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
I have trust issues with everything...
Who #Designs #Clothes in #Pittsburgh? #Follow me
Stop by after work to catch the last #Bulls home game b4 #playoffs and keep ur eye on the #NFLdraft too. Lots of TVs.
I've returned to twitter
someone remind me why I chose to go to a CHARTER school..
Metta World Thanks.
If you're watching 7 news right now, you can see me in the background sitting at my desk in the newsroom! :)
JRB you truly are one of the games best players in all variations of poker. I wish you always the best.
I'll get your blood pumping, call me cardiac.
I see what you did there, #Fiesta2012 video at #NIOSA showed a guy in a shirt! #KCCO !
you my sissy
sometimes i feel like i be asking for too much
RT : i agree - SM has turned aqauintences/contacts into "friends". Not accurate in my mind
RT Hey China dolls, get Alexander's accounts and up to 1 million followers
Thanks for the FF!
Whether you’re looking for a single security staff-member or an entire team; whether you need the ongoing service of a professional who wil…
cant wait for the tribute at the #VMA tomorrow!!!!!
explain to me how, i shall do whatever
practice makes perfect
View problems as opportunities to rely more fully on God, as doorways to deep dependence on Him+increasing intimacy w/ God
how many of my followers live in the US?
looking forward to it! We're in the process of creating a Hotel Metro Green Team of Volunteers!
No sleep for this leader! :(
It's not everyday you dance to Kenny loggins with your Chief Operating officer
If you get on a plane now, you'd make it in time for happy hour.
Looking forward to your article Dr. G!
it's done:)
Our office is on pins and needles. RT : Suspense is building! “ just talked to official from MCAS Miramar and they...
ma is making a instagram lmao -.-
Good morning tweeters. Just a reminder our communities will be open all weekend. Stop by see everything Lennar has to offer!
Fuck you Fazolis for taking 7 years to make my food.
Don't worry, folks. All those Rotten Tomatoes commenters complaining about that Avengers review will be treated well at Regal Cinemas.
Best way to start your day, blasting Chronic 2001 on your commute to work.
Just heard a remake of a song from the Little Mermaid and it sounds terrible!
I'm an uncle!!!! Or as least as close as I'll ever be. Haha.
Damn we have alot of ugly people at our school as well...smh
Was there some sort of takeover rumor or something I missed? RIM is up 4%+ today
THAT looks treacherous lol!
If you're ever in Ann Arbor and walk by Chinese restaurant Middle Kingdom, do me a favor and kindly give it your Middle Finger
Heading to Battledecks
TIME TO NUT UP OR SHUT UP
My mind is blown -- I'm just ... I can't even wrap my head around it.
show was on fire tonite. Cleveland pride
bored. someone text me please? :)
So hard to care about all these classes, I never used to feel this way haha..just wanna be done.
Entirely way too many people on the megabus have some post nasal drip sniffles #buysomebenadryl pleeeeaase
Thanks for the follow!
awesome ! I will see you guys next Wednesday for bike class :) bringing my boyfriend, too :)
I don't see why Austin ppl get upset & drive recklessly during rush hr. When there's not traffic, which is a rarity, you all go abt 30 mph.
the google homepage is hella cute tho
I'm trying to watch Chris Mann and Katrina Parker on #TheVoice right now, but Lindsay Pavao is so fucking horrible, it's ruining it.
Happy Mother's Day to all mothers out there!
filmed her new music video "Part of Me" at Camp Pendleton, San Diego. How freakin' awesome ! I love her. <3
Be fair. Mario had a solid game vs. PHX. It's only fair to mention that if your going to harp on him when he struggles.
How many of you kids out there use #instagram Do you like it?
The Shave barbershop Call Now To Look fresh N Clean Call 786.683.6089 Thank you !
Early morning working
Just me, some herbal tea, magazine & catching up with news. Til tomorrow...
No worries, we're cool. Gotta do what I can to get my fix before I'm at Spring Training for 6 weeks.
OMG SO LATE ON THE FAN VIDEO EVERYONE IN THE VIDEO THERE IS A NEW DEAD LIE!!!
Cool. Walmart doesn't have ice cream anymore.
Why escape being left alone with a stranger than savor it?
And good to all
Lets party rock this Sat Flip cup tourney starts at 2pm! .com to enter!
page for the business side
I read that and it blew me away. I'm constantly quoting it to people.
I think you're a great writer and editor. Explaining a thought accurately, briefly, and with a sense of humor is underrated
Enjoy my sloppy seconds
Who finished their taxes this weekend?? #IDid ;-)
I am hesitant about "forward" because I like Global History as a tool for reassessment. Using it to shift the lens.
I'm at Hilton if you want to connect after
New salon new location More services Spray tanning , eyelash extensions, hair extensions ,hair systems, nails 517 Broadway, Everett
Want a fried cinnamon banana on your burger?! we've got em!
McGee destroying the fakers Lmao.
Hope to see you fort plains fans at west canada on thurs. Its gonna be nutso!
Thanks Nicole. You guys were all great. The fans loved it, another successful WTHR umbrella night at the Pacers game!
Im bored who wants to talk shit
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your opinions of Coke Zero? Ping back for more info! :-)
missed that tweet you sent! But yes we are classmates in this educational life ;-)
just saw youe husband! gave him my parking pad :-)
That awkward moment when u post a funny status and there's that one person who ruins it by saying something serious.
"enforced cosmopolitans" vs. "kinetic elite" -
snuggled under the duvet :) don't wanna move!
Baby anti-monkey butt.
so where's my follow back then?
Now we are forever friends! Isn't it exciting?
We ain't leave you. Just hard at work on #version7 of the site. More stable, new content, same mission:
GSA: Washington's Most Durable Mess (Fortune, 1955) - Fortune (blog)
Using a color I mixed from a previous painting to mix a new color for a current painting. Drawing strength from my ancestors.
ok. Dammit where's the phone
Tell me what is easier ... crossing a river by walking over a bridge or having to swim across the turbulent waters? That is privilege!
Headed to another town hall in Garfield this a.m.
At this rate, Vincent Jackson may score in Tampa before the #Bruins do.
There is a special kind of language spoken by government IT employees. Trying to learn it as we speak.
Slept until 11 with this rain in the background. This whole not working stuff has its perks.
forever bro. Forever hawt.
In my world sweeps has started. Let the games begin!
I WANT TO GO TO PUBLIC SCHOOL SO FREAKING BAD... I CNT TAKE THIS ANYMORE
What up boy!
lots of sexual questions?
Dave Rickards & Cookie Chainsaw from The DSC have entered the bldg...Tune into KFMB TV, Ch 8 this AM! Welcome Back!
Vacation is drawing to a close. Ready for home and my own bed.
Spring Break has officially begun!!!
Hey Jessica ALba u r my biggest fan my name is Julian Paz i am 17 and i think u r da prettiest actress good luck
Arrived at the #LAMarathonExpo. We are in the second row in the blue booth with the awesome massage table & chair!
Loves watching the murder the
My doc is old school, so no church with the baby for 6 wks. Hubby went. And I hope he's bringing me donuts...
Reached 700 followers. Thanks to all who follow, I normally follow back. Hope to talk to you all later.
Thank you participants. Congrats to , winner of a giftcard. Rock on, see you next week!
well, all I can say is your liberty family won't stand for that, and you MUST come to family dinner after the service this week.
Ha! good point. Sorry for clogging up the inbox with an inside joke fellas.
and we're back!
Thanks for the wonderful night testing out the new
I saw a driver using an iPad in San Juan a few weeks ago
Also can't stop thinking of the episode with JFK's golf clubs, or the one when Jerry dates the deaf woman who can read lips
First bottle of dreaming tree wine down so far tonight...
Fox news will be reporting the loss of me on Facebook, guess I'm that big of a deal.
I just stare at it when I'm bored
knowing what you need to contribute to your team
Gallo has to grow on me lol cause i kinda dont like him lol, especially after last night lol
Awesome love your finds! Sorry about the sun burn.. ouch!
I don't really like hendricks
<U+266C> 1954 Sun Records release the first Elvis Presley single "That's Alright Mama" & "Blue Moon of Kentucky" <U+266C>
Was going to have more of a discussion about Du Bois. Maybe I can incorporate the two. hm.
So I drop into one show 1000 miles from Nashville, and the drummer is one of the dudes from the Small. World.
Wanna party with havarti?
Just a second ...
your welcome you know im just saying the truth many boys will never admit that :) btw i like your tweets :D
Two nights in a row i fell asleep with the tv on. Smh
I do believe our first indie feature goes into production Summer 2011 in hopes to finish in time for the 2012 festival circuit. Let's hope!
When I have free time, I look through dance catalogs, magazines, and YouTube videos.
<U+2665><U+2665>Got out of church around 1 in the morning. Got home around 3 in the morning and woke up at 8.... THE SAME MORNING!!!! Ugh -.-<U+2665><U+2665>
43 followers needed...please help out
U are cracking me up. What happened to your dog?
“: I NEED to take a damn nap”
This is a great idea, man. It's like a more organized version of my Google Reader feed.
my breakfast choices are limited since I'll be leaving my house at 6:30 -_-
lol good. Sorry u had to look at my bare ass
Ryan Secrest's face was priceless but the whole Sasha baron Cohen thing is so tired
back in miami and already raging
exactly! Have to get payday loans to pay off the gas credit card... Sucks!!! I need a 2nd job for GAS alone! WTF
hey thanks for following me I am sorry I couldn't go to the concert in Maryland TJ realy wanted me 2 go I feel bad
Man WTF @ this beat I just heard. That shit was crazy AF.
Greenfield PD reporting CVS on the Milwaukee side of 27th & Howard had a armed robbery.
DEAN! playing, no cover at the Laurelthirst Pub Tonight!
Rockin #aero that's that shit I don't like
3/16 presents ! Stay posted for more info!
Hoe you're as slutty as a bowling ball, you get picked up, fingered, thrown down an alley and still comes back for more.”
"The objectively observed universe is only part of an inconceivably vast system of worlds. Which is not to say they exist somewhere else."
You should post more... I find your posts from two years very interesting
for the shout!
I'm in the 615
Rose played 6 games since March 12, Shumpert was 101 in NBA in minutes per game. Pure coincidence both went down on Saturday.
"Love is the longing for the half of ourselves we have lost." — Milan Kundera (The Unbearable Lightness of Being)
stop hitting me up so late! lol, I was sleeping.
Chelsea got canceled but Whitney got renewed? Hm...I dunno about all this.
Gandara going down. Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy.
Check this out: 10 Great Libraries to Tour. CPL's Harold Washington Library Center makes the list: usat.ly/dJLtHi
7 Eleven serves all kinds of breakfast foods at any time of the day for comparably low prices
woke up super late today!
It's somewhat like Google...the world at your fingertips, but with a personal twist.
I tried to follow you, but it says forbidden. nice.
also I'm glad we agree about the faciness <3
Tip of the Day: Schedule regular dental visits for family checkups, periodontal evaluations and cleanings.
blessed to wake up again another day
I want to get my mom a reallllyyyy special mothers day present...pondering
Welcome back for another great Lagond school year!
You're welcome. Love your blog
thanks for RT.
Oh! I know what your talking about! Everyone says its chill there!
we do know UConn did not lol
You can instantly tell who the director is. He's a little more arrogant than everyone else....and gets exactly what he wants.
Okay. I admit it. I have TOO much stuff. #wheretostart #timetopack Dominican in 5 days
holla at for them vids I was talmbout earlier!
HELP --> RT : 2,999 -- so hard for me to hit follower milestones ...
Haha not therapy. The main things, the important things, etc. :-)
I WAS REALLY HOPING YOU WERE TALKING ABOUT MY BOYS AND OMG PETROVIC!!!!!!!!!!
I've always been a little confused as to what constitutes being too small (seriously, not trying to be a dick).
Dedication. RT : Off to bed for few hrs. Gotta get up and watch #teamusa live at 2am.
RETWEET THIS AND FOLLOW TO GET A KINECT. CHOOSING IN A HALF HOUR.
pretty sure it will...
Not on Lebron!!!!
Hang in there. This is probably just karma 4 when u caused Andrew Bogut 2 break his shoulder, arm, & elbow.
Every morning, it seems to me that if I sleep for 5 minutes then I need good sleep: D
using the restroom to take a leak can be stressful just remember to shake three times if you shake more your playing with it
so far, all attempts look like stop-motion surveillance videos. Not pretty at all.
Best comedy: Modern Family
My neighbors are blasting music and I have to be up at 5 AM. x_x
Time to turn the tv off for a week...unless you wanna hear bout Tebow 24/7
so much for separation of church and state...
anytime! You are really great on the show, you crack me up every single day!
Movie time :)
Geek night 2012 is coming back in Feb. This year we will have video games, prizes and so much more. Welcome back Geeks and Nerds!
I expect a full report.
What a way to start out May!
I love va va voom !!! I am just in love with this entire album I give it a 10/10
Conservatives: please stop comparing the federal budget to personal finance. These aren't analogous concepts. Thank you.
Glad we go to theatre 45 min early. We actually got good seats. And Colton is here... Again. Addicted?
oh, and that attached pic was an accident, Blackberry sucks
LOL, that's awesome. The scratched-record bit at the end is great.
Cool. #firstdrafts RT : Love to tweet? Love craft #beer? Then join us TONIGHT 7-8p CST for an online conversation.
thank u
If you have to be a certain SIZE for your man to love you, he ain't in love with you- he's in love with a measurement.
My method nukes the catalogs, which are typically the problem, not the content, which typically never is. Done it dozens of times…
Everybody deserves a second chance, but not for the same mistakes.
Day 2 over sleeping a bit...I'm thinking my body is ready for a tropical vacation next week.
every1 love you. You are fierce
Your like a door handle everybody uses you.
Short answer, yes. iPhone 4S w/ 5.1 or greater will show 4G. But it's not really 4G LTE. AT&T says that their HSPA+ matches 4G.
I might unfollow 3 ppl for lame tweets...you kno who you are >;/
we shall we jus gotta pick a cliff to jump off
RT : we ll see you then Pork tongue tacos is what's in order for tues
Train hard, Win easy <U+E022>
bcz when she sat in the chair she said her last bob was corporate & safe so I told her imma make this sexy and UNSAFE
Even though I pay for college, my parents get the credit on their taxes...lame
We've already taped 2 short shows at our new PDX TV Studio. One is edited and just about ready for airing. One needs some TLC from FCP!
we celebrate every day :) #HoagieLIfe rt “: how are you celebrating National Hoagie Day today?”
Lunch was awesome! So glad you came in to see me!
Been watching the Man City game and they only score when I turn away for 15 seconds. This is ridiculous.
and what have you ever won? Find a real story.
#PleaseFollow me to get good health information and other useful links. I also provide health tips for
“: They should just get the Christopher Guest troupe to host the Oscars next year.” yes please.
Less than a week away from our show at the Rogue, great indie music and lots of free Light Rail stuff, come on out!
#ivealwayswsantedto catch a really tasty mouse! So says Cozette, the Cozy Cat Press "mas-cat" Most are so bland.
When selecting a printer, speed is actually less important than duty cycle. Make sure the printer is built to handle the workload.
last night at skylight theatre was such a treat! what a fun, super talented group! loved it :)
“You can have everything in life you want…if you will just help other people get what they want” ~ Zig Zigler (you know he's 84 now!)
lol true. most people just say I look like my dad and thats it
There is just something about you that I can even describe .. And idk Wat it is but injustice FREAKING LOVE YOU<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Whatever... The Kings are winning the cup.
Bought a carton of banana milkshake and I'm now drinking it out of the carton in school
nice choice!
At the doc's for another treatment.
writes anthems without it sounding like they're trying to write an anthem
thanks Steve for voicing for the #homeless , poor and oppressed. JUSTICE NOW ! for #KELLYTHOMAS stop #HATECRIME .ty
"Things don't happen TO you, they happen FOR you.
RT : Bartending tonight! Come up and visit me :)
Life is a gamble and I'm all about my poker chip
Close out this beautiful Mother's Day @ Maduro tonight. Chad's mixing it up behind the bar, I'll provide the beats. 8p/music @ 10.
Even while surrounded by organzat'l software & wireless internet radiation piercing my brain, best way to work out thoughts is pen to paper.
MTU lessons learned: Team approach, project management, continuous improvement. Support by surveys and proper documentation
Thats a fire hazard! Make sure u have a good escape route in case of a fire,
I'm not here....the sky is my alibi
too late, already paid for the lumia.
After all, "Corporations are People." so they do deserve handouts. How nutty can one get? wake up folks!
Love that guy's music. "Babylon" is one of the greatest songs ever
They tell me I have a 176 million-to-one chance in the #MegaMillions tonight. So they're saying I have a chance.
Ahh congratulations for becoming my first follower. I can now rest easy.
Toddler: why do people cry? Me: Sometimes because there's a difference bet what people want & what the reality is. Toddler: whats reality?
Hey! Have you participated before?
I agree but a lot of fans hv acted to me like he's the second coming (to which I reply: "Do U even WATCH basketball? LOL")
Does everyone know about iRealB? It's an amazing app for your iPad/iPhone/iPod touch. It is especially good for Jazz vocalists.
Sending an e-mail to my contacts in Iceland. Their names? Vidar and Hammer. Hoping they took their Blackberrys out pillaging w/ them.
you took about 4 years to reply, SAAN !
exactly I be getting low key frustrated sometimes lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
#WhileInARelationship don't flirt -.-
Back in the gym tonight...felt good.
i love you,you're my inspiration.
ME TO!
Why are you here?
ooh I know man, great battle for TE between him and Lyerla... got a great class coming in
Had a great auditioning workshop with last night! I found it very insightful to learn from a director's perspective.
jess, were you ging to suggest asia 9?
Tyler Flowers has no business wearing Ken Griffey Jr.'s number.
i thought i was following you ,, my bad (: well i am now
Thought I'd have a easy time finding an Executive Assistant, but it's proving more challenging than I expected. Time for plan B.
Can I get some free downloads? :)
I almost said Terriers... but was slightly ashamed. It is a cute little gem of show. (And on Netflix Instant).
Tried to buy sneakers at the mall, but I have freakishly large feet and "I'm sorry, ma'am, we don't have that in your size..."
VIDEO: Reggae/Dancehall music dead says Ninjaman : Welcome ...
are you ready for you copy of #COD #BlackOps a week in advance...i know i am...stay tuned to this channel people..I WILL ONLY HAVE 50 copies
Health Tips: your sugar addiction will shorten and lower your quality of life.
no hahah I am so confused right now. What did you mean by the first one
cool re power pack. we are assembling collaborators for a "Tobacco Is History!" interactive museum. Looking for appropriate ...
What's the problem you're having with it?
back in the saddle.
Back in the studio today, and my voice is struggling. Pray for me that I make it successfully thru these next two weeks!!
Massive headache this morning, wow
#WhenImBored I text random people from my contacts
Lol, you're gonna need all the prayers you can get .. #illprayforyou <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
trying to find info on who does interior landscaping (plantscaping) here in Cville
Automation, integration, software streamlining. We. Are. The. Best.
I enjoyed going to the home opener, but put on a much better show. I love going to
stratus of cumulus = everywhere all over w/ appearance of horizontal layer but w/ the depth and energy of a thunder cloud.
Alright why is my boyfriend quacking when peopling are booing Dirk
RT : Happy National Philanthropy Day! Thanks to u & your support more lives are being saved through organ & tissue donation!
I've heard old cunning stagers Say, fools for arguments use wagers. - Samuel Butler (1)
It can't hurt that bad! You just have to take it like a man! #YOLO ;D
Love it when people name their pets with real people names. Kevin, Thad and Jeremy are awesome!
Never should have sent that kid to Hogwarts.
#IAlwaysWonderIf I look blitz
had a blast today.. that was so much fun..
Christian's are annoying.
Happy Birthday!
Took a bus(es) to Montana once... took me 2.5 days. Ya, it's a weird way to travel, but very economical.
Possibly only can use an oven as a weapon. Luckily, she did not succeed in burning the apartment down.
Is that Jesse L. Martin?
We Will Never Be The Same!
Can we getta RT for anyone who feels extra BALLER today! ? Cause we feel you!
Ally B Studio will be at the Chesterton European Market tomorrow! 8am-2pm come stop by!
yeah, SURE! :) That's why SOME females get the pleasure of finding the guy that's got his shit together
Stable is one step back from success and one step before failing
Birthday s/o to ! Happy birthday booobooooo! I love and miss you very much. Have an amazing birthday <3
Online Chess Lessons for Students of all levels to Improve Chess Skills and Mastery!
Twitter peeps - want one? DM me ur email.
then they should have no say about anything!
soo tired and have to get up early for work but not sleeping till I win for my girls :-)
Thank you for the follow!
where ya at now?
B.I.B.L.E. - Basic Information Before Leaving Earth.
Look at The Sheriff turning two like a shortstop!
thanks dear! How was Gatlinsburg?!
Why you askin all them questions
Friday YES!
The Mets blew two leads today but still beat the Rockies 6-5 in 11 innings
Another big shoutout to ! Thanks for bing my 999th follower! SUch a big number @ lol! Thanks! :D
I did as you said. :-) may I have a follow please? Thank you.
Hip-hop is supposed to uplift and create, to educate people on a larger level and to make a change. Doug E. Fresh
thanks for the reply
Great set at the tipsy crow by
Work work and more work!
Woke Up At 4:00 pm...! Was dreaming off Vinny And Mikey running around with there shirts off..!!! Best dream ever =))
This is so unbelievably cool!
who are u? lol i cant DM back.... but uhm do i know u?
Learn to make yourself happy ^-^
#HackingEdu continues! Thanks to our sponsors at for helping us change education! Are you ready?
Opposition pitching this as a hit against small businesses. Most ppl I speak with are willing to pay the extra 5cents 4 schools
machine-gun range gets a steady stream of visitors and will never use that range again. 2 many newbies with too much firepower
Enjoying the Top 100 dinner! Congrats to all the outstanding students, and especially Michelle Wickham of Communication Studies!
wat the hell are the girls from chicago rooting for the cardinals, thats a fucking sin
I feel you, really think he's a better game manager than Carson Palmer. But at least he's on a good team.
will do! I'll text ya
is that describing twitter or tumblr lol
Mainly the ones at my school.
Songs for my #minimarathon playlist RT : American Music by Violent Femmes & Kanye's Workout Plan
bed time, tired as hell
Forbes Travel Guide Launches In Shanghai, China
First day of no school(:
Check it out! Can you spot the changes www.losangelesvoicetherapy.com
If drops Tell Me More and uses finances as an excuse they will not see a dime from us ever again.
This is amazing!!!!
All the judges on #thevoice are high tonite
I still remember the first day I meet ! 2-4! Friend/brothers for life!:D
#nowplaying One Fell Swoop by The Spill Canvas
i got back yesterday
Can you spread the word or us? We're compiling a memorial book: What were you doing on Sept. 11? Proceeds go to charity.
Find the best survival product here. Stop being ignorant. www.magictowelusa.com
#KippMemories when their girls volleyball team lost to ours !
Over here playin cards in choir right
RT Hey China dolls, go follow and
Happy Easter to all of our Facebook friends and family!
you are so ugly when you cry.
ambivalence = "both valences". When you have positive and negative feelings toward the same object. (via wikipedia)
haha yeah and tupac's gonna play mr. freeze
=) Its a great quote ... TRUTH <3
is here giving all our clients #glammakeuplesson ...
they will definitely lol “: Lakers might get swept!”
It was great to see you too. Can't wait to introduce you to the kid next time you're in town. Have a great weekend.
What she taste like though?.RT : Ugh... Girl y do u smell like syrup?
I didn't notice! You should have said hello, but I suspect my trousers scared you off.
What's gd I'm from the bay
7 lbs lost and more to go! Pregnancy really makes one gain weight, even if it wasn't my own.
Fuck yall losers or just go win life
wish I was there :'(
I wish you could have observed this WP links migration. It was intense. I made my wife feel my pain by walking her through it.
Sure! Come by any time tomorrow before 5.
OLLY AND ONE DIRECTION HOLY CRAP I MIGHT DIE
Sad news about
You know it's a bad sign when your bank calls to really make sure you are at Neiman Marcus bc you have spent so much money.
Beware what you set your heart upon, for it surely shall be yours. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
yeah I was slackin
I didn't do my work because you said it was optional.
The sick thing is that if I had the opportunity to request a super power for me it'd involve translating dead languages.
Thx! Please sign the petition at bit.ly/freemikesmith RT For any bloggers who write on injustice, politics, race, check out
There's multiple ways to interpret that and I like to believe they all apply. :)
Pauly d looks like Doug funny
Wait, they left Peavy in? Uh-oh.
Imma type random shit Chickens Hi Boo ! Tweet I'm fucking bored
Now #following the best #mindless fan ever every mindless fan if ur #mindless then follow her!
Been on the roof.
Make an appointment today. We soon will be accepting insurance, right now we only accept cash patients (cash, money order, debit/credit).
We went with the 8-wk Penns Corner CSA, and this is our third wk. Bread! Cheese! Maple syrup last week in a cute container! Love.
you are beautiful! <3
GO FOLLOW ==> and she will follow back EVERYONE!
I think you all should check out my new book Vanilla's Ladies a ghetto street drama based in Detroit x Cop ur copy now. Check out my blog.
Finally back to sunshine in SD!
NOW FOLLOWING THIS CHICO..........
Back from the lake. Awesome time. Great fishing. Think I need a second shower. What did I miss? Get at me.
yup. The young chef in me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
It is kind of strange to me...I don't know!
NOO your love
not that you dm me with the egg baby girl -_-
"There may be no greater tribute to Steve’s success than the fact that much of the world learned of his passing on a device he invented."
Happy Mother's Day to all you wonderful moms out there!
My god people on my bus.....
...and, of course, how unhelpful, helpless, oppressive, unsympathetic he is, and how irrelevant he becomes.
:hat RT : Yoooooooo @ Shook Ones playing in this NBA commercial just now, dope.
Is there a chance for MLB or a NFL team in Portland? Scott Ford
If you are supposed to learn from your mistakes, why do some people have more than one child.
Playing with new twitter app
im so bored!!
Tonight I'm watching "Larry Byndon", a film about a used car salesman in Bisbee AZ who wants to be a new car salesman in Tucson.
whats that supposed to mean
It sound like this nigga fuckin a puppy
you're acute blonde too ;)
: no (real) harm, no foul!
I'm doing great!! What about you?
Happy Veterans Day! Be safe!
So hunqry and feel sick uqhh .
My dog is now sleeping next to me, who is this and where is my real dog
Morning Mr. Smith!! RT S/O 2
me too
Writing next skit. Stay tuned for audition date, time and location.
In the 420 room of the Morris J Wosk Centre for Dialogue in Vancouver, BC. No, really I am!
2 missed chances for Bay!
done and done
I love Selena Gomez she is fantastic
This changing weather is leaving me sick and my lips chapped... lip balm to the rescue!! :)
the sky is bluee..
Thanks for all you do for me!
I’m so excited for Christmas <3 <3
what about Barry Levinson's And Justice for All...Pachino a bit over the top, but featured a great turn from Jeffrey Tambor
The Quiet Man On Fire
#FF shout out to #TCDisrupt Battlefield finalists: and winner
um thanks for texting me back!!
expecting some mall quality photos
TONITE AT BABES CABARET...R&B HIP HOP ALL NIGHT ! COME JOIN !! IT WILL BE OFF DA CHAIN
hey there how's your week going so far
wow, cool! Thanks so much! Great site btw! Haven't seen that before, will be checking it out!
Work, work, work Is the motto I follow...
[We live. We learn. We grow] Some people find fault like there is a reward for it. -Zig Ziglar
Proud to be from Lexington today, and every day.
Hail 2 the Puppets, b it communist or n imperialist, so long as v get our cut ;) what's the diff. :)
I have had 45 minutes to myself this morning. In silence. It feels heavenly.
SOME Guys cheat. SOME Girls cheat. SOME Guys are faithful. SOME Girls are faithful. So STOP BITCHIN' & LEARN HOW TO PICK 'EM BETTER!
he is still trending
its not cause where human and where scared of that feeling we fight it
you hurt me like its nothing. i just dont understand.
What chapter, court etc.. you with?
Our speaker today is Michael Powell from Powell's Books talking about the future of books.
I love him
hey there!
This is bullshit man!! >:o
Mom- so hows it goin? You-wat? Mom-you know u- if i knew i wouldnt have said wat :/ derderder!!!
I'm good too. Bit hungover from last night however. Don't remember much. Only had two drinks too. Def not like me.
Justin Coughlin had 14 points to go along with career highs in 3-pointers and blocks last night -- in only 18 minutes.
I have a couple of new artists that I would like 2 promote... what type of promotional packages do you have available?
Day 4 went so cool and I gots a big test Monday and I'll have all day tonight. Tomorrow, sat and Sunday to study so Shantey I stay!!! :)
yes they are lol
Just arrived at the venue seven hours early. What's up Pittsburgh?
Feeling real Famous !
I don't know whether to congratulate you or sympathize.
Thanks, Cars.<3 I'm tryingg. Just one of those days, I guess.
ooh la la! like what???
I most def gotta go see battleship!
Schools need to stop that retirement myth crap they've been spouting for 15+ years.
Light bulbs can frequently burn out when a fixture cannot dissipate the heat of its bulbs.
i just love you! And i miss you. :(
I just DM'd the question to u
that's good! Well me I've gotten myself into quite a situation!
“Endurance? You’ve only got to get out there and do it. Face up to it: man was meant to run.” – Percy Cerutty
Time to head for gym:((
it'll be a blast bring your boss;)
Great day in Bellevue, sunshine is making people happy. How about you?
hell yea smh loaded then a hoe....no where to go ugh ugh siiiiiccck lmmfao
GPC at the moment...dnt kno where I'm trynna go next tho..What school u go to?
Social media for the enterprise is exploding as companies look to create the social experience for their users
DON'T MAKE EXCUSES, MAKE IT HAPPEN!
Semi-Finals of Dew Tour Today!! Spinnin Music at 2pm bottom of peak 8 at the TBar!! Come say what up!
I always like your thoughtful tweets! RT : if you like people's work, tell them.
So tired... looking forward to TAKS week boiii
Tough night to be a #Denver sports fan. But at least I got my taxes done.
Love choc. milk? Studies have shown ppl who drink it after workout recover better & lose more body fat than ppl who have a sports drink.
Yes, if MLS ET podcast existed 5 years ago would enough people tune in to be offended? Good growing pains to have.
How I love roses, and here they are, in my own backyard.
Spinning a huge private event tonight. Back in Hollywood next week.
Of course! What are you thinking?
Nothing motivates quite like spite.
Would love to see a compiled list, enjoy the chats and mailbag questions. Keep it up
You rock! Thanks for the shout out! Bring with you next time!
Madonna, Madonna!
Basketball sectionals tonight!
Thank you to the always lovely
Peace and blessins, which one of your locations has signed copies of the momo book (orange cover)?
All right, thanks. And i saw you today. you looked pretty!
Hot Beef Dependency Injection
Great point! RT : I am convinced that the way we teach will have a greater impact than what we teach.
its either very funni or very sad when people r supposely blind(stupid) by love (sigh)
hey ryan what's up?
SHOWERING AND OFF TO vEGAS
PGE says only two or three more hours! Yeah?
I love you're DP !
lol u gonna live a long time ..i was just about to tweet you :)
Extra Innings AGAIN!!! My heart can't take this
Decriminalizing the humanity of the offender, the first step towards reducing mass incarceration in US prisons. The criminal is still human
DopeRT : Signed autographs next to Sublime today, met Amber Rose for the first time, and smoked more spliffs than I can remember.
#ThingsTwitterDoesntCareAbout School!!! RT If you hate when ppl tweet about ppl at their school that you don't even know!!! (Follow Me!!!)
#BellTQuiz143 Totally in its not to late right
My nicca gf got to fighting in chatt saturday..it looked like the president was fighting with all them police that came
#investors, #flippers #investing I am a realtor that just found a great 65 ltv product at 4% no points and a unlimmited amout of homes
Honestly done giving a shit about anyone.
Oh wow. I so wanna see Adele live ....
no prob! hit me up on my personal twitter :)
thinking bout #oomf & cracking up lol
We would love to thank all the artists that work with us. Without their great talents this would not be possible!
I miss you so much too!!!!
love you stuff
RT : Got my ballot today. Can't wait for the debate!
All I see on my TL are the following words: bitch, nigga, east/west side, fuck, and mother fucker. it's good to see twitter never changes.
I wonder who wrote it? :)
My last apartment in Waco had a sugar ant infestation. We couldn't exterminate them, so I just learned to love them.
yeah. it really irks me. really irks me that I am irked by it.
So sorry that I never got to see you perform.
like how u r Not following me thats y u didnt get my dm
Wow, such an honor to be in the choir singing with you tonight. I love your heart for worship.
lmao...u kno he sound like his breath stank!
Is there any difference b/w #3M tattletape for disks and #tattletape for books? Would using strip intended for books do damage to a disk?
Hit a 3 point shot and won myself a Bucks shooting jersey - all in a days work :)
Random food tip: smoked paprika is an excellent seasoning for burgers, w/salt and pepper. Yum.
I heard you working on a new album. What are you calling it? I know its going to be amazing. Your really talented.
RT : We're open reg hours Good Friday & our 7-day banking offices will be closed on Sunday for Easter.
Thanks to the loyal supporters.. Let's take it to the top..
Magnificent bold eagle spotted above MLK park.
Coffee party!
We were visited by last week! Thanks to all of our friends!
Yes if its real, then u kno how I feel!!! RT When I'm grinding on u...this beyond sex
Members of the public from the City of Fremont are giving comment at Commission meeting.
yes, no duh--Tina Fey in a dramatic role is the whole awesomeness of the idea.
great. Sbux on us 1 here we come
thanks for the FF love!!!!
Sorry, it was at Leff's Lucky Town. Don't worry, check in the next two days from 11 to 1 for more chances to win the gift card.
Taking my parents to Portillos <3
AN END 2 ALL ANIMAL CRUELTY.......thats my xmas wish.....!!
Those dresses r really make 's tits too big.
Holy shit. 3 in-stores successfully hit, shot, and filmed. Running, ONO, and Runnies. Expect a cut of this all together soon.
too pussy to tag johanser in my tweets cause he's bigger than me..
Grow up you 27
My son the aerospace engineer finally found a fulltime job -- as a janitor. Good thing he got that master's degree. (Why did they cut NASA?)
thanks for the shout out!
#OnlyAtViewPark you have that one teacher that gives you homework because she doesnt want us to have a good weekend.
We appreciate your mention!
I know some of yawl look at beyonce baby, then look at your baby and think damn what the hell did I create.
Experience - the wisdom that enables us to recognise in an undesirable old acquaintance the folly that we have already embraced
cardo what's ur number? Throwing a spades party tonight yo
#YouCuteAndAllBut you're dumb as a bag of bricks.
I mean, doesn't the answer always come down to your mom?
what do you mean delay?
Just went to see my baby boy at his memes and he broke down when I left =[ I feel bad I missed him
quiz was only 5 questions but it'll prob be the one dropped! Glad to hear you didn't have to present tonight!
we need to catch up bro. I'm in for beers
yes you should
The income tax created more criminals than any other single act of government - Barry Goldwater
Book editing treats me pretty well. I'm loving Evil Plans, btw.
Douchebag is on TV.
Bout to get my Tan on!! :)
Today is my 10585th day after I was born
Chilling of a Chinese Wookie RT : killing for some chinese nookie
student lounge party!!
RT : The NURFC is offering a FREE workshop on community organizing. Interested? RSVP today to Katie at 513.333.7554
Gettin' my hair did.... Then finding as I'm thinking #FreeConeDay is an excellent lunching idea.
My last tweet. lol
he located the red headed woman he had married in philadelphia
Children really annoy the sh*t out of me! (most of them)
thank you! Same to you. Don't eat too much candy! Lol
Somethings are so revolutionary, so different, they are hated and simply not tolerated. Be revolutionary. Be different. Be you!
Best fast food salads...
My ear has been throbbing for 3 days and I really can't take it any longer. I'm praying it stops soon. <U+E407>
It's probable for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative reply to its intrinsic restrictions and troubles.
I agree! I'll be legit sad if they don't perform it though. Regardless of their upcoming new songs, they just HAVE to sing it.
Hi, all! Please check out , a new Chicago-based #geolocation app that gives you cash back & donates to charity after every purchase.
If I ignore it, it will go away, right? How is everyone? :)
Only because you have to actually read it. RT : the book is never better.
Thanks. I'll be ok, just upset right now.
Bynum needs to get his head out of his a$$ for half the game!!
Sorry !! I have a problem !!! With my phone !!! I'll answear your questions in 5 m !!!
Well you have inspired me to do some Spring cleaning in my own closet. Time to move out the winter clothes for sure.
If you think i like you then i probably dont
My old girls fucked my trust up
what the heck is what?? #Freakedout about what????
Also, huge thanks to and for bringing Lord of War and Chase Walker to THE UNDERGROUND today. I love those guys.
I wonder wht time my niece plan on coming home ... its getting late.
too kind! Thank to erbody for coming!
I love comming home but I sure missed my church today. don't get me wrong I got a word but I need that Tony Scott word
thanks!:) i thought you would like it!have you heard young the giant?
RT Your tears are the words you cannot express.
Remember, Scottsville Farmers Market is open tomorrow (Saturday 9/3) from 8:30 am to 12:30 pm. Get what's best, what's fresh & grown at...
your absolutely right!
"...which, frankly, is a little like opening up Guns & Ammo and finding a profile of Noam Chomsky..." This is why I read
Give boloco cardholders a free one for them to try it for themselves like u did with the Buffalo last year.
Some random life goals: Live in France, Japan, and NYC. Play a mean jazz piano, organ. Write a book. Program something cool. Be reasonable.
That's what I was thinking! RT : Geez! Thx twitter for confirming that I'm not crazy - that was an
thank you 4 following us,
I'm someone's spirit animal.
#games The Drip Game
Decisions decisions
RT : Don't forget, tonight we're lucky enough to be playin ! On 7ish on the stage by Theatre 7 and Snicks!
Follow back!
I followed :D her
Swing by the booth at the Grand Tasting for amazing mole! /bit.ly/Ia9uA0
Thanks for coming by! We hope to see you soon!
Had to tweet that
since you ladies aren't coming tonight it will be a disaster
alright! Accepted :)
CJ Wilson currently trending in the US.
I agree, so hot! Be careful saying it around rihanna fans tho or you risk getting jumped
this movie is strange...
hahah I might aswell watch too!:L she's class!:L oh and thanks for that! Lol what channel is on?
"Reflective practitioners are capable of learning as they lead." --Roland Barth. And vice-versa, no?! --mwp
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song ""Theraflu?" Fail or Cray?
u've 2 check out this named Jake Vidgen. He won Australia's Got Talent in 2011. he got started on YouTube. And he's only 14!
Uh, that was supposed to be "boo".
RT:Happy #ThirstyThursday!Hope everyone's ready for their $1 #bartab drinks to start the weekend early! & #Football is on!
1317 what kind of dancing do you do?(:
No more blog posts about him going home!
I'm on-air more than doing VO, but I do voice tracking from home studio. I really like your blog. Thanks for doing it.
You Can Stay Your Funny Acting Ass From Around Me...
great Huh representation last night. Sorry for running you over on the way to the bar, next time I will bring one back for you
Home. Alone. Sick. Pissed. HOLLER AT THE BEST SATURDAY EVER!
Sample of the Day - Blueberry Vanilla Creme Black Tea!!! Delicious!
thank you for following love. :) x
aAn't wait to check out your show!
You may make mistakes, and you may have rarly been there for me, you may not be the greatest brother, but ill always love you .
Happy B day to you and little H! How are you decorating his room?
#TwoThingsIWant Happiness & Success
Find your passion become it and let it become you & good things happen to you for you & through you! Miss New Jersey
You're the man, Phil!!!
Back at you, have a great weekend.....
Breakfast for dinner. Yum.
hi slut
Correction, "Loren C Brown"
Spring is here because "THE #REDS ARE ON THE RA-DI-O!!"
Get me out of Florida, please.
aight i resent them so let me know ..aight bro
Finally actual dinner after a few pre cursors. Oh and it's a Tapas restaurant this could get exciting.
so how are you?
*Finally* getting started on my e-portfolio write up.
fine. Then i will fail science AND NOW IM FORCED TO JAM TO TRS ALONE.
yeah dude. DEFINITELY learned a lot from that lol
new version original?
The old man behind me has gone from "Ya drink enough and the rain don't matter" to "It's almost past my bedtime." I hope to be him someday.
I don't recall, but it's a great brand. Like it?
Titi u guys. Suck u are sleeping bO
God it's hard to like twitter.
Love playing the piano at 243am ...
Anything for baseball!
people touch my face alot...it's weird.
do we ever truly get a say in that?
Food > homework OBVIOUSLY.
thank you bb!
Anyone know if my physical license is expired, but I have a receipt showing I renewed them online. Will they let me into the bars?
:D YAAAAAAAAAAAY!! I'm so happy for u and thanks!!:) I'm so fucking worried I won't get tickets for believe
In honor of all the moms out there next sunday (mother's day) ALL MOMS RIDE FOR FREE!!!!!!!!!! bring mom out for a fun day on the water!!!!
Trying to hide the fact that I'm starting to like him... but Id wanna get hurt. So I do what I gotta do. Idk??!!!
are you on tinychat with anyone
“: Just sucks that we have to play Game 7 in Oklahoma. #Allin #Mavs” ---- Hahahahahha
it's in richmond but the county
you've been missed my man
I don't know you therefore I will not "txt you"
Yeah Boi!!!! Can't wait to work with you, there is nobody out here like you man- NOBODY
Sky8 is reversing direction. There's another powder scare downtown @ sw 3rd & Sheridan on our way
Its a Family Affair!!!!
BTW..u have a follower...yaaaayyy
No lngr pushin 4 the bull...jus a life that's full:)
You too!!
Did you rescan your avatar or did my eyeballs just go all HD?
I hope we have a Cardneasada!!!!<3
I feel you on this! A good friend of mine who is gay, single and lonely is against gay marriage. Pisses me off!
I was surprise no discount double check :(
watch yourself now
Agree!!! RT : Giants win, Blazers win, equals good night.
I have a Sports Center app specifically for hockey and golf scores. Mainly golf...
unpriced FB shares is like getting paid in "exposure" on The Huntington Post
In the practice room engineering click tracks for the new album!
the soup pot ate my bay leaf apologies to whomever ends up with it in their bowl!
<=== now following
sweet! Sounds rad. Wonder if i know them.
haha that's being nicee! & don't you remember? We are, that one day you were fucked up so you married me lolol :D
My rps are like all dead right now I'm bored
Excited for the #NLC11 Opening Reception....coming by the booth 852..win prizes!!!!
might as well make friends, she'll be with you till the end.
My colleague has partnered with Niobe Way at NYU and I have partnered with feminist/queer groups (3/3)
Dinner tonight!! Reservations almost full.. New chef is doing amazing.
On the homestretch! 41/80= how much longer until I am in Lubbock. With the probability that I do not get pulled over.
Jim Ross shouldn't have been fired
We understand that having a quality product will be not enough, if you don’t have a perfect floor coating professionals.
When we have done things right, people will assume we have done nothing at all.
I used that wrong. There *was* a dearth, now a surfeit...
sweet that's awesome that everything good with you just stay happy and ignore negatively always
Diana helped me more than anyone else has. They mean so much to me. Forever Family!
What untraditional wedding dress style would you go for?
might need 2try this.. When aX Utry2 ignore text u,reply "Error code:56374 This sprint user no longer gives a crap about you""
Protip: If your comforter resembles flowers, be sure to shake it free of bees after letting it air dry outside.
Tracing our roots with the release of the 1940 census. Join us now on 90.3.
It's Friday bitches
Talking to you makes my day.
Thank you very much
He that is discontented in one place will seldom be happy in another. - Aesop
#dead! Not Topanga tho lmaoooo RT look like she did what lil kim did to hers. Now Topanga is OFFICIALLY badder
Oh... RIP Maurice Sendak, "In the Night Kitchen" was my favorite book when I was little!
Umm no <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> RT : Black over EVERYTHING!!!!! Right !!
Bieber or die , really?
Is Bron Bron rocking the drunk tweet???
Do it for Bill Hall, Lyle Overbay, Geoff Jenkins, and Royce Clayton!!!!!
#ICONicThanksgiving HAPPY THANKSGIVING! #ICONiaczThankfulForICONicBoyz follow me? <U+2665>
Yaaay . Three days til spring break
Businesses that don't want their images pinned should put <meta name="pinterest" content="no-pin" /> in their meta data.
That dope ass idea I Just came up with for my next tat I'm.such a genius
i bet the danish fans love u guys
you gone play basketball this year?
Gamel has already been injured more times than prince ever did.
The Brewers are like the CW right now. They love drama.
you have to try it!
I really hope my lefthandd be okay ! =(((
This spanish project<<<<
It's so beautifully arranged on the plate - you know someone's fingers have been all over it -Julia Child
First day of break and my tummy feels horrindous.!
thanks for the RT. Have a great weekend!
Heading to Hong Kong and China for two weeks. An adventure to be sure!
Does this roster have enough quality depth on the Offensive Line to get thru a injury or two?
Haha well thank you!
awww your my bestie too =D
Business or toil is merely utilitarian. It is necessary but does not enrich or ennoble a human life. #Aristotle It's time to consider.
Hahaha amen! :D You tell em!
Leadership training through leadership development.
An oldie but a goodie... Santorum: "the Supreme Court consists of nine unelected, unaccoutnable judges." Basically, the constitution sucks?
That double eagle in the Masters was sick! Anybody else see that? <U+26F3>
Dec 20th EyeRocksRadio Battle of the band's
True blood! :D then GLEE! Then keeping up with the kardashians! :D I love tv lol :)
Came to the conclusion I cant spell commission...lets try this again. HappyHour 5/3 530-730 @ Clydes ChevyChase Be There =)
Watched Hey Boo on #pbs last night--just after book club on Crooked Letter. Wonderful as Ever!
Good! How's you? Living in your shiny, new place yet? x
“: Can someone help a nigga out?” was up wit it bro?
5 year engagement was hilarious! I love
to all our linked friends...the auction commences @ 11pm esellauctions.com folks
Niggaz sound dumb when they say they used to be chillin in jail.
#cincystpatricksparade getting excited for a grand parade!
F U Pal. Take your spam and shove it up your ass. You piece of shit lower on the food chain than a maggot.
For real, who still uses the term Y.O.L.O?
S/O to my cousin hosting a convention down in Ohio for
Welcome to our learning chat. Please start by introducing yourself and what you'd like to gain tonight.
Dog barking CAN & WILL get u kicked out of a dog friendly motel 6.
That's what you call playing lights-out for a period.
Ha :-) that's awsome the barn cat just brought me a mouse and meowed @ me, as if to say look what I got!
Any analysis on how the 2010 Census/redistricting will go down in light of Tuesday's results?
Strand Events Today: Hoosier Dylan will perform at the Strand at 7:30pm. They will be joined by special guests The Complete Unknowns.
"Hairspray" opens tomorrow at Riverwalk and is almost completely sold out for the two week run!!!!!!
Cmon Seahawks… 3rd and goal lets get it done.
So long, We'll miss your crazy.
I'm feeling festive
Hey sweets! I love youu! I was reading yo tweets;) smile(: I love you(:
pimp walking n disappearing like always lol
If Jesus has nothing better to do than smite me, I have LOTS of tweeting to do be4 it strikes RT cue lightning bolt
Now that's a funny joke! Made my day!
Maybe You Could Call In Sick .
- That is awesome! How are you all liking it so far?
Inappropriate for the announcers to say that "Semin is all over the ice!"
Stunning. God bless her.
Shud hav a good idea where we r after the summer&what we need2do2get2where we want 2b. Ppl think I am crazy, but a state title is our goal.
money ova everythang
One more shot and we're done with principal photography on Canyon Road!
Re-correction. Follow
#somewhereinamerica have a good season
Dont dip into my Kool Aid.
"How could you be so heartless?"
I ripped him.
this dude sings strange fruit and its cool and stuff.
If the things we believe are different than the things we do, there can be no true happiness. – Dana Telford
follow me (:
Don't know how I did research before I found the Electronic Commerce & Law Report. any way we could get a subscription?
I would love to catch this- when do you think it will be slated for?
Congrats buddy. Where at? You around glenview tonight?
The last two nights have been insane. It's been an amazing weekend. Had probably seven hours of sleep the last three days
12 hours into the work day, but totally worth it bc I passed my quiz :)
I do! I picked up a cold last week and I don't want it for
to many people under the name Taylor Made. Find me Jewalle Samone Papadoupalos Wright
not too much is good? Whats wrong? & just chillin at the moment.. Tryin to see whassup with u.
thanks happy to see you to how's life
I finally learned how to do a fishtail braid!
Maybe you should wake up early and check out its a lot smarter political discourse where liberal is alive and well
Why don't you all send me some good news? Give me a good news tweet.
:) RT : If it was easy everyone would do it. If it was easy everyone would do it. If it was easy everyone would do it.
RICHMOND, VA. We'll be playing KINGDOM this Friday w/ Get your asses out to this show!
Happy Birthday man! Enjoy your day and be safe! have fun in Chicago. #Knights+JordanNation
thanks bro! if you're in L.A. and you wanna get tatt'd just hmu!
So, IF the Phoenix #Coyotes win the #StanleyCup, does every player in the NHL get a ring? I mean, they are owned by the league, right?
If you have Firefox or Google Chrome type in "let it snow" into google today.
They are repaving the sidewalks so all the pavement is wet- of course I didn't REALIZE that. And now I need new shoes.
i cant wait to see Cody Simpson sept 17th...
In honor of Independence Day- 4th of July Neapolitan! Celebrate with the red, white and blue
he's guns get a spanking
Totally needed you Tap in the first half.
#ifidiedtommorow i would personally apologize to anyone i ever hurt
What's a bieber? Ah haha! And beaver loses again! This award show is proof that he(she) sucks! Oh what a great night! =))
Help people do what they already want to do - BJ Fogg
the lady last night with 6000+ followers is Shireen ()
"I walk down to buy her flowers, and sell some gifts that I got. Can't you see - It's not me you're dying for." ::ben folds five::brick::
awe nice have fun. i going to get groceries now
senior ones are not going in until Thursday... the 60 I refer to are the juniors...
Never say bye cuz u don't now if that bye when u say bye is like saying bye forever always say brb bbl ttyl or something !!!!!
Looking for a new hang-out? We’ll squeeze you in at the bar. Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar, 1120 N. High, Columbus
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 32
I love how Sylvia Fine always appears on Happily Divorced! I know that's not her real name but she will always be Sylvia Fine to me!
Hope to see a great turnout @ Playdate w/ the Bearcats from on Sunday 2/12 2-5pm to support
you guys need to talk strategy
Preparing for this week's show airing at 11 am on Sun. . We will be talking about rights...and also the government shut down.
are you going to be in new york may 10th if so I'll be there :-)
Fort Lauderdale #AirShow this weekend. Planes are zipping overhead as they practice.
Yeah, Brandon should have had that, but if that pass is higher and leading him he's got a big gain.
Because he's busy caring for me because no one else does.
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions
Tonights show is live on gashouseradio.com
Can't wait to board the plane on Friday. I'm off to spend Christmas and New Year's in Peru. Machu Picchu here I come!!!
Place your hand over your heart. Feel that? That's called purpose. You're alive for a reason. Don't forget it.
thanks for the travel wishes! We had a beautiful trip :)
You forgot about the right to be unconditionally loved. :)
Im about to go downstairs & see wasssssup
can u plz follow me?:)
Driving up to Paul Ecke Poinsettia Ranch! This place screams HOLIDAY!
Having 1 thousand pictures of One Direction on your phone #ItsADirectionerThing..... Well in my opinion ;)
lets talk business
less love . More sex . No calls . Just texts . New girl . No ex . More sleep no stress .
#PeopleWhoMatter - - Bringing hope & joy to homeless children for 22 years!
Live out of your imagination, not your history.-Stephen Covey
ORTON. JERICHO. Can we hurry up with this please?!
RIP Coach Joe
Last time that was a prob was 2001 - Big Dog, Allen, Cassell all wanted the last shot. Big Dog got it vs. Philly in Game 5. Missed
I was about to come to your class and metta world peace that ass
Just came across some dialogue from the movie "Alien": Parker: “I can’t open the milk!” Ripley: “In space, no-one can. Here, use cream.”
I went to Sturgis. When I was 8.
I hope holograms go down the same ill fated road that auto-tune took.
Smoothies make me cum.
the campus bookstore clearance is happening right now. wish i could get over there!
good and u :)
I love random facts! This one is too funny.
. Congrats, that's terrific!
Want to manage your lines through the web? We're rolling it out TONIGHT. Add/Delete your lines online and then run them on your phone!
Also why won't Scioscia play Bourjous CF, Trumbo LF, and Trout RF?! That is the makings of an epic outfield trio. Damn it Sosh!!!
Don't beat yourself up. And, most of all, don't RT the haters.
Hi Buddy!
What studio u kno got a staff barber?? come to and get cut up tues-sat 8pm-4am only $20
hey luke!
has some1 ever told you your one sexy mofo.? Well I'd not now u can say yes!<3 #teamfollowback #TEAMBIEBER NEVERSAYNEVER:)FM<U+E32D><U+E32D>
... museums should continue their role as a promoter of the spiritual experience a person can have through a work of art
I'm sick of candy, I need some BBQ!
WHY HAVEN'T YOU GUYS TWEETED US ANYTHING I'M REALLY WORRIED SO PLS TWEET SOON *MUAH*
My little sister graduates from in two short weeks! Where did the time go? Feel like I was just there myself!
lol she made sure she didn't fight her in here house stole her then grabbed her ass
Just watched it and thought the exact same thing.... still looking forward to the game though...
I get so nervous when Im singin or actin in front of people But I love it I just gotta get used to it then I'm gonna do auditions
It's amusing to see people follow me after a #FollowFriday recommendation, only to unfollow me a day later after they read what I post.
I do not agree with your opinion, however i do admire your persistent dedication to your wrongness.
We're actually pleased with the development. Just trying to improve. Snark not needed.
that bad?
Grr stupid ho wont move right next to me...she's sitting on my seat belt!!
It's normal to sneak in a midnight snack before you hit the sack! :)
hahaha yeah like in the store ya hooker (;
Psalm 85:10 Love and faithfulness meet together; righteousness and peace kiss each other.
I know one of them RT : 100k women die during childbirth per year. (Did I hear this right?)
What i wanna know is who keeps tigers, monkeys & other exotic animals as pets? They belong in the WILD people!!!!
Last night I dreamt about eating the most delicious crunchy tacos. I hope tonight it's grilled cheese...
So much HW, time to get it all done and get some chores done... then on to some new accessories... thinking headbands in our future Hm
any dubai analysis or is it all Masters study??? love a couple of teasers on both mate. Can Woods give it a nudge?
congrats on the new gig!
bored...me n my granddad about about 2 go 2 cold stone
Watching this game makes me feel bad for making fun of chess. Or the Pygmy Olympic basketball team. Is OSU the #1 team?
#IfIwasdatingHarryStyles I would be pregnant with his babies on day 2 with the relationship (;
Canada does not need any more hockey teams- they are spending so much money please give the thrashers back- the fans would appreciate it
you up late watching?? It's all Bubba now!!!
Thank you for the mention!
love this!
Oh, SneakerNet! I get it!
FOX 12 the first local news station, again, to call the Portland Mayoral Race.
Difference between school & life: In school, youre taught a lesson then given a test. In life, youre given a test that teaches you a lesson.
Some people who I thought were some what of a friend arnt friends
Rock Room Winchester Virginia by Phil Zuckerman passing the music on to the kids >> www.rockroomwinchester.com
your puppy is so cute!!!
Shoppin w/ my girl , aint got no $ to spend but somehow I keep spendin it!!
When I'm on vacation here in the States, I can do all kinds of stuff; I can train and keep busy. - Vince McMahon
can I get a followback please?
Time for Dale to race his way in
morning, punk.
i'm sick:( maybe some more of those old flirty tweets. will help:) LISTEN TO "EENIE MEENIE" its so cute:)
Great day 4 "Italian Market" in Philly America's oldest outdoor market! Fruits, veggies, fresh corn tortillas, tote #gf bakery & more!
Hi chloe! :D
That's a wrap!! Thanks so much to our fabulous cast and crew. Keep following us for more behind the scenes updates!
For as many classes as adjuncts teach across #highered, its amazing how little voice or choice we have! Join us
Wrap around wire racks are suitable for use on all shelves, but are not suitable for use at the base of the cabinet.
Perfect RT : Maybe if Mubarak had killed 1 little girl instead of 1000s of Egyptians Nancy Grace would cover his trial.
Cervelli is faster can bunt and play D better than Posada. Also, Jorge looks lost at the plate. Its a good move!
I have honestly been watching Pretty Little Liars all day... I can't wait any longer.
crazy friday, on way out to Mart for some fabric shopping, life is good!
If one more californian tells me I shouldn't feel cold cause I'm from new york someone is getting punched in the mouth
FACT: More parties occur around holidays than in the summer
Gas' gain could be coal's loss: Now it faces pressure from a competitor, natural gas, which is cutting into coal's most important cus...
people who i will be playing some music with in the next 32 hours- old town school sephardic music ensemble, gHOST project and mi yodea.
“: yes but I went for the no run...” // You do what you can and some days, it's nada ;)
hey tweets, Back in effect.............. Christmas was great... anticipating New Years!!!
“: When Rmoney says "traditional marriage" all I can think of is how his family moved to Mexico to be polygamists.”
No responses to yesterday's theatre history question. We're reposting shortly. Stay tuned.
I refuse to let infatuation or what appears to be love alter my decisions. This time I'm standing my grounds!
glad you're feeling better! Here's to a speedy recovery!
WSJ now too? there has to be a better way to do social news than driving it all through a FB app
#np sabotage--wale. one of my favorite songs right now
I just hit a fucking bird with my car! I'm a murderer!!!
Getting irritated and annoyed!! This don't make no sense this dang early in the morning.
Thanks for the #FFs and ! Have a great Saturday!
When will Outlook Contacts have a space listed for a handle and skype ID?
Thank you for the donation suggestion!
Found that using my intuition in which of many art instructors to interview worked well! Intuition can totally trump logistics sometimes.
is a better start this week.....Maruqes Colston or Mike Williams??
Looks who's tweetin!!! LOL We're BOTH crazy!!!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
If she cook for you, she a keeper!
"Pick me up LOVE~Everyday"~Dave Matthews Band...song of the day...story of my life, ((hug)) someone today & make them SMILE ;) giggle giggle
alright mo shall return
Thanks Carey!
Barbosa aint SCARED that's what i'm talking about, just give the ball TODAY to West and Barbosa, then we good.
I know...hate me if you must...
Yay for tax returns
Australian quicks excite Arthur
actually, not bad at all. Wish I saw this friday.
Happy New Year!Be always at war with your vices, @ peace with your neighbors, & let each New Year find you a better man/woman! Ben Franklin
Guess that means im "techanically" in love with Justin Bieber
That totally brings me back to my college days.
Stephen A. Smith: "Initially my initial reaction..." <--- right where he lost my attention.
Sometimes listening to old songs is like opening old wounds. With every word, you just bleed a little more.
looking forward to Jack sharing his expertise on color and Happy VDay back
Animal style?
if it komes to it., ill get ya wife., and when it komes to it iRun through em like a yellow light.!!!
other things found while cleaning: an envelope of manuals for products i don't own anymore, love letters from three relationships ago, dust
Thank you. We are going to rock Laredo....
That would be awesome, I'd be down.
Cant wait to go tothe pacer vs the heat game today too happy;-)
San Antonio: Patchy drizzle this AM & Tom. AM. Today and Tom. there will be a slight chancefor a shwr. Today: AM drizzle, Cloudy, high 68.
ha thank you that exactly how I pictured happy thoughts looking. :)
you know this Mann
were you been
Watched "Drive" last night, not a whole lotta driving. Movie shoulda been called "We're Gonna Need More Bleach"
#Gratitude EVERYWHERE today
just doesn't look right, somehow. But helping me out? Very menschy.
Back to the studio today to track guitars. Should be finishing up soon on this single.
Bananas suck. Stupid peel gets stuck in my butthole. I want to eat the costume. RT : did u like your banana costume?
Wow Lucky you! Condolences......
Bay View Bash is rocking. Come down for a chorizo, bbq chicken, Italian sandwiches! ! Corner of russell and logan.
No actually it's for this debutante thing I'm doing (but not an actual cotillion because it's cheapter and less time haha)
Sandusky's charity for kids is about as ridiculous as Jeffrey Dahmer having a charity that donates frozen meats.
And had the nerve to change the rule a year later. Shaun King should have a ring!
World should unite together against cruelty of terrorism
Happy :) Great things are coming!
Great day, some voicework, some marketing. let's eat.
Great minutes from Ryan Hollins
The chances of another miracle comeback just dropped.
I HAVE to see this!
Deltas Strolling today >>>>
Companies like Unilever, P&G, General Mills, Coca-Cola and Walmart have made the Latino market an imperative for growth.
whatever , u was bein rude
they took to fear and loathing too? Wtf. Gayness.
Probably will retire. But that's a big IF.
oh, thanks von von. Love ya too.
School is SOO boring!!!!!
lol i had no idea and u tweet me like "people may stalk you..." i was like okay... Weird
House rule: leave your shoes at the door. What would you do when guest refuse? Is it ok to kick them out?
Thanks for coming by to learn more about issues facing seniors, and we look forward to your support of policies like OAA. ^PD
Bachmann clearly leading by her husbands example: Gay people can get married....just to someone of the opposite sex!!
need a ride? I got you
to clarify, the original tweet was not a debate topic, it was an opinion that you decided to argue upon,
He was Bryce Harper before BH. He wasted 5-6 good years. That's why I think he'd be in the GOAT class if not.
I'm trying to get happier guys. I'm really trying. Everyone tweet me. (:
We are in search of a model or models for our new line of video & photo advertising ... any suggestions or to apply shoot us an email.
The kid Max in Where The Wild Things Are.. running and barking at the dogs...I can dig that homeboy.
Jay and kayne got a lot hits, long list
I hate you guys! #amidoingitright ;-)
Did you watch this last season's finale? Mind = blown
My city is better than your city
What should I do in my last days of being 29? Already scheduled a massage. ;)
Fuck LHS. Fuck the people here. Fuck everyone. Done. I'm about to switch to ECC.
It sucks when you are about to turn a corner and you see your bus go by.
I'm learning how to tut!
Hope my mom let's Alex and me leave school and go to her house after. :)
Bless his heart.
Happy to b a follower! Hope u r doing well 2!
Hello #SAG members! Remember to cast your #SAGawards votes by noon Friday Jan 27! My birthday coincidentally ;)
explain then why still hunderds of people are sending thier demos everyday to my cluster of stations hoping they will be heard
I need to know who Ted's wife is!!
That's some booty! Already outta say it wit ya chest & alright alright alright shirts in my size!!
it's easy to survive on cheeze-itz, hot slim jims, red bull and vodka. But the increase in weight. Yeah, I'm restricted. LOL
*flips hair* :)
From Jeremy Brett's performance as Basil in Dorian Gray. Watch from 1:47-6:23. I find his speech intensely moving.
is a #MoCo thing and a #DC thing - the county and city want to stop plastic bag pollution, bring your own bag and never had to pay
Went book shopping today for the first time in 4 months. Better than sex.
I beg to differ ;-) RT Ferris Bueller aint got sh*t on my day off.®
good to see you today!
Love working so I don't see my mom on mothers day...
King vs. Oshkosh North just started. Lets do this generals.
my goodness, you're right!
I'm so hungry at work. please someone come bring me food.
Sangria Luxe Lounge in Glendale Tonight 59th ave and utopia just south of the 101 freeway!!
happy birthday to my friend, wish you the best homie!
I. CANT. BREATHE.
getting a library card is a pivotal moment. it's the first piece of ID you have. maybe first time someone says "i believe in you"
iOS 5 may entice me to continue using an iPhone due to the fact I no longer need OS X or Windows OS to update the darn thing.
Was told that pedicure salons don't like my Ped. pals I was told after using my Ped pals it stoped the buildup of callouses maybe thats why
So why don't you all sit down, listen to this tale I'm about to tell.
There's the silver lining!
tell me who's there
Heb 11:11 By faith also Sarah herself received strength to conceive seed and was delivered of a child when she was past age, because she...
I love my life!!
Watching a show on broadcast tv - ug. what is this, 1995? What do you mean there's no fast forward?
Oh, the humidity and the traffic! I should have taken one more day of vacation!
Automated Business Products 4955 Peoria St. Denver CO 80239 303-778-0600 Call or come by and check out our show room. We have copiers!!
Flying Dog @ Camden Yards this season
haha! thanks! today is my first day on twitter!
Rick Santorum calling it quits. Good thing he dropped out before he embarrassed himself and stayed in too long!
. Oh no! Someone stole my meat dress idea?! Now how will i make millions & bring home the bacon... Wait a minute. Dibs on bacon pants!
Lady Gaga Reveals One Question 'Changed My Life' In MTV Special
on the URL website
i can see that working nicely ;)
Wow!!! That was the best game i've seen in a while. Go thunder! If you missed the last minute, you missed it!
Did it hurt when you fell from the whore tree and banged every Guy on the way down?
That's awesome, I bet he'll never forget that. Huge game and a great win.
tx so much for following-- i'm tweeting now from , so pls add us, too. Hope you're loving new job & life in Boston, Anne
Thinking about doing a house show this month.,. who would come?
omg Joanna this tweet just made me so happy. Kopke is not cool with me!
Bored listening to tunes...
You don't want to hear my beef trust me :) : WHAT YO BEEF IS? 850.863.9210”
Tom Murphy: Enormous challenge facing RTP: public transport. I can hardly take public transportation from the airport to downtown Raleigh.
This group of people just stopped in front of me and devonte and said we look so cute <3 lol :)
Shantz makes a 2nd great diving catch in left. 1 down in the 6th
What to eat..what to eat...
this smell is so unpleasant ! killing my nose !
working on a logo for an insurance agency.. inspired by the client's late grandfather's calligraphy work.. hoping it turns out awesome :)
keep using all that make up bitch, you look like a clown!! lololol like foreal though ...you women look like clowns with all that make up on
that's pretty adorkable. good luck to them!
- he might still join you!
Busy is an understatement. Not enough hours in the day.
George zimmerman is a murderer and should be in jail for life. Wtf is going on. He killed trayvon martin and now is released from jail??????
me too he's such an awesome guy he just came up and started talking to me one day at camp. Very cool guy. Glad to see that sack!
Where are we watching the game on Thursday? Who's taking a sick day?
beautiful as always! love when you made the jump to your upper range.
Agreed. Really suprised there was not more.
Check out my art blog at www.adamchamy.com
Hopefully ill this written test then ill get my liscense! Hmu with plans later today
But they playing the Lakers tho lol RT : These are the type of games I live to watch<U+2755> OKC vs LAC<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
twitter king! my whole wall is you. enjoying your tweets
Joline Blais: it took me thirty years to come home, to Maine - describes background in permaculture, organizing, new media
what nigga lol, what's the schedule for tmrw
No heels,No shirt,No skirt
and section 412 of the US Patriot Act permits indefinite detention.
#Imagine Waking up to Harry singing “What Makes You Beautiful”
Sweep Boston so we can sweep you
Today's schedule: Jesus, homework, music.
Cee-Lo and his cat >
I've never really been one to leave well enough alone....
Tried to return call from resolution center. Reentered dreaded #800 vortex. Hmm.. no way to enter an ext #. Frustrating.
When they constantly yap, you're doing something right.
Take your friend's dad's Ferrari out for a joyride.
Love this. Thanks! RT : oh, yep. I assumed it was US destination. I really want you to brunch. I'll keep thinking... :-)
#SignsSheGetFoodStamps her brows and lips were outlined with a sharpie marker
So thrilled you liked the new location!
lol I miss your gay ass
Colombia's president condemns today's bomb blasts in Bogota.
Should I consider him...
great point, coach. In the end, I think Jimmer will be able to keep a job in the league.
(sigh) RT : Sources have confirmed that Juan Agudelo has been traded by RBNY to Chivas USA for Heath Pearce & allocation $
Good morning North Carolina. Don't be an asshole. Vote AGAINST today!
We'll have another email going out next week...you never know what kind of deal we might offer!
Come get some free lunch burritos!!! Wesley Foundation- serving free food since 1972!
Thanks for fixing the photo shoot situation. Kudos for paying attention and great customer service.
Anybody got an opinion on EventBrite?
that's a great f'ing quote. I mean so deep but so on the spot
excellent. Put it on the calendar.
I think we should start taking random english pope tweets and translate them to pirate via
Searching for a house with a guest house. ABQ or Rio Rancho but west of the river. Under $550,000. Any hip pocket listings?
Barça 3-1 over AC Milan to make 5th consecutive Champions League final four.
I can't believe you're a Rangers fan, talk about leaving at bad taste in your mouth...
wow the injuries have to be a deflating effect on R and clubhouse
Thanks for the link to your zine! :)
yep. Pre tweet days. and are our current films. Releasing this spring.
*insert hardcore breakdown here*
u da one avoid me lol
Couldn't agree more...
Nice! Looks like im drinking for free tonight!
I hate when i cant get the sleep , i so desperately want .
Journalist...really?
Be nice to me Dylio
#SOTUTranslations "no more can get in so let's deal with the ones we got!"
I hate first period. That's why I spend it on twitter!
Reading think pieces all day > writing think pieces all day.
Discount double check!
I am NOT a whore !
Really need to sleep. -____-
It's already Thursday one more day of work.
Join me tonight 4/27 – Friday 4/29 7:30 PM nightly at: Isle of Patmos Baptist Church with Pastor Calvin L. Matthews.
Tonight's gonna be a good night.... Swag!!!!
ha! Lens flare tool in Illustrator.
They wont add me as a friend so I can tag them in their very own ugly ass photos so its going to be up to you guys to tag em for me.
hey I haven't get any followers and I followed u and da Oder 1 plz help me! <U+E415>
Raise Your Glass its a NEW YEAR!!!LOL
Need to play the man. Newman has glass jaw - focus to be on his poor financial mgt at City Hall re: trans-apex Will send QLD broke
Booked a good win in the 4/800 mix earlier, now playing the 1.5k Chinese tournament hoping to ship the enormous 1st place trophy..
lol thanks babe ;) I'll fuckin beat a bitch
Are you going to Illinois?
Stir crazy
Man, he took my lead! RT : My 5 yr old boy says CarGo vroom vroom!
you did so great!
Yeah, now you having me wanting the banana ones! LOL!!!
": Just bcuz I didn't announce it, doesn't mean I didn't do it." Love it, secrecy is a lost art
“They have brought with them a ground-penetrating radar device, as well as two beagles and a ferret, to look for what they say are weapons."
I just heard the worst pick-up line ever!! LOL "are those astronaut pants you're wearing, kuz ur lookn hot." I luv the attempt!
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 22
Drinking a Shiner Bock at Love Field.
#ALEXANDROBERTHAVETHEBESTSWAG AND MAYBE ZACH
Rib bones give me #mudbutt. RT : have an extra plate of ribs, where do I leave it for you buddy
FINS IN TOTAL CONTROL!!! JU up 20-4 with 8 min remaining!!!
Happy bday xo
Like the term contributor as well.
yes. bothersome.
Why hello Bolt Bus, haven't seen you in a while.
Back in SF! Long long long day...
would be kid friendly. But it really depends. Quaker Steak & Lube is more of a restaurant than a bar.
Rest well all.
If a tree falls in the woods is there someone to take offense and blame it on the other political party?
Thanks Michelle! We're crazy flattered! Glad you stuck around
The West's framework of meaning….
Wish i new how to play piano!
is stuck inside on a gorgeous day! How lovely!
you've got style, that's what all the girls say...they also say you've got gay tendencies.
This wind <<
"Do you have a room w/ no windows - so you can't tell what time of day it is?" That question wins today's biscuit.
RT : Your relationship with GOD is more important than any thing because you know for sure thats a relationship that will last
I am trying to see who I am connected to on linkedIn that I don't follow on twitter.
Ladies, if you're ever in a social situation and you want a guy to leave you alone, casually slip "lady doctor" into the conversation.
Be mindful and curate classroom library collections
The #hawks pulled through last night/I failed to complete my paper/putting anything before your needs...always a bad idea/
Would I be petty to stash this other burger for L8er?! #fuck'em
"like" us because we "like" you! www.facebook.com/ilovefirehouse
Tonight - Name That Riff sponsored by PBR @ McGreevy's Boston! 8:30PM - 10:30PM Tons of free prizes! See u tonight!
An etiquette writer of the 1840's advised, "Ladies may wipe their lips on the tablecloth, but not blow their noses on it."
You'll see why! RT : I haven't seen #Avengers yet, &amp; Disney has already announced a sequel. Can't wait til this weekend.
um up thinking of wayz to get rich other den the million wayz i know how dis winter is going b my summer #MONEY $$
I followed him. Check my page if you want proof.
Thanks for what you are doing!
was fighting tears n rehearsal, emotions 2 high; that's why Chaka said no; no time 2 prepare deserving tribute
When my girlfriend calls me a lazy ignorant fuck who can't think for himself >>>>>
Consistency, perseverance, desire, willingness, patience...all is key for my success
#manningmarable - gone too soon. We learned so much from you. RIP.
Why are they cutting the nets? Seems like that should be for the champ or the final 4. No wonder tuition costs are so high.
good question! RT Are you a male? How much do you want to know about wedding planning vs about marriage?
got to get ready now, wonder if i really am going shopping :o
thank you :) and will definitely do so. Keep doin your thang too !
Put your clothes in the dishwasher
So turn the music up You're hearing more than sound. Right now, This town is for the taking & it's all we'll ever need.
How have I not discovered until now? #GF and #vegan pizza? I'm there. cc
Was hoping a project like this would show up soon. Great use for socket.io lib too.
All my texters fell asleep...
Really nice. Took mom to brunch, and then we saw The Avengers, which is a lot of fun!
Fact of the Day: In English pubs drinks are served in pints and quarts. In old England, bartenders would advise unruly customers to mind ...
didn't they do this last summer?
I am currently eating a muffin with a spoon, to what would no doubt be the chagrin of my coworkers.
Still filling out apps like crazy...need a second job #ASAP !!!!!!!!!!
Maybe Hal Leonard bought the vote?
A friends friend brings dog to strip club. Stripper asks if dude is blind and says this isn't a place that blind people usually go to
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher for the new year! Please see my website: www.filmproces0130.m…
you have to tell me! I have been looking for that one everywhere and I cant find it! not on the Kors website! #HELP!
I need to get myself a gymnast...those men are jacked!
Just got back from a lovely Sunday drive :) went exploring and took some pictures. I hope they came out well.
Chilly day? Fresh Thyme, hot water and a little honey makes a great tea and is good for respiratory conditions such as coughs and bronchitis
lol jus a lil im not even hungry I jus,want a strawberry short cake
Sick of ramen noodles and old milk? Pete's Fruit Market is the newest grocery store near campus. Just a #14 bus ride away!
"B.I.B.L.E = B: Basic I: Instructions B: Before L: Leaving E: Earth #retweet if you love God ! Remember . . . He saw you read this"
84 push ups, 99 squats, 239 crunches ...holy crap.
Tiny is ready to take a bite at Tollation.
But wanted you to know that you're me! Heard Kickin' In and Shady about 50 times each! Shaking my ass!!!!
The Culture Frequency & A-Dapt Entertainment are bringin' KRADDY to The Victor Hotel ((18+ : 2 Rooms of Music)) on September 23!
MT : says libr wanted "come hither" approach to digitizing: do materials to tantalize if you can't do all.
wow, you are full of great april fool's tricks.
Whew! And, we're done. That did take a while.
I'm not giving away my identity on twitter. I'm like a secret mahomie ;) lol..
"Stay hungry. Stay foolish"- Steve Jobs
Random TWEETING
He stinks
Here .. Happy to see my hubby .. But still in shock that I'm actually in Alaska again.. Haha ;-)
ah... I'm almost there
My San Antonio Spurs boycott has lasted for over a year now. Now, NHL action before Lob City plays on TNT.
#RIP Darrell Reynolds, long time basketball and football official, who died in a tragic car accident yesterday.
haha! that would be awesome, right?!
I have been a fan since you started racing! I only want you to win! Congrats & a great tribute RIP Dan Wheldon..You did it Helio
#Pettitte looks really good...like he never retired
My Dad's And Alien And My Uncles Are Citizens
I believe in the People that Believe In Us! Our People, Our Communites. Our Future! The Collective Voices-2012-
Welcome !!!!!vRT : Fancy new twitter profile page! Officially Tweeting the all the happenings at Flowers by Cina!
Alright followers, any thoughts about the #NFLCombine today? The #Giants are likely going to be looking at some LBs. What about your teams?
The games in vegas have dried up quite a bit since a few years ago. So many games i sit in are nit fest. I like afternoon-midnight to play..
ok i wont get it till another like 30 minutes though cause all i have is twitter on my phone <WeMissAustin!>
we have a severe weather plan in place to make sure everyone stays safe, but the bad weather is supposed to hit later tonight
The popcorn was so bad I had to return it for a newer batch last night
The thaw begins #WAslush in Seattle. Flooding possible if past patterns hold true.
i really think that west vs. east shit was childish... 2many other niggas was in the middle that never shouldnt been it..
Wade just not feeling it today :/ but we got this (y)
Follow me is a Awsome account related to Sex Dating ;P
I love how, i’m pretty bitchy, and you can do better than me, but you chose me(; I Love You <3
Its a tough job but someone's gotta do it! ;-)
Playing with Poll Everywhere
#ItsHardToNot do crack cocaine
That awkward moment when
Just saw #thedescendants. Thought it was excellent
Salmon colored pants in KC during the Fall...you're not in the Hamptons, former frat boy, and it isn't May. What a dick.
Listen, we can handle it! LoL
meet u @ The bar @ the Fish Market @ 5:30. U could never be broke wen ur w me.....
The things that must be fought for prove to be the most worthwhile
Let's get people talking.
I hate people who tweet but cant text me back..
Oh my god...I am actually aroused!There is a Sex Heathen God !lol
wow you're so funny I can't contain myself
Whoo! Just like that Day One of #SDCChi is over. Looking forward to tomorrow!
We're coming down to the wire, who will win - Bill or Teya?
Bostocks in Stephenville tonight! End of the semester party for Tarleton!
hear about the significance of #DalaiLama in #sandiego, next on
Gain better search engine rankings and more traffic with Keyword Marketing!
I've a foreign student who's piercingly intelligent, a superb writer, and looking to launch policy career in D.C. Suggestions?
I LOVE BOXING!
Danica will be promoting Coke Zero for Coca-Cola. Promos will start this month.
Heading to Spirit Rock for a full day of meditation and hiking with the fam.. Happy hippie mothers day!
I will forever be a Simpsonizer! :)
Cats Shouldn't Even Eat Cheeseburgers - Rage Comics
Tom Brady should be MVP ! Brees and Rodgers have a better team.
o.O you called me baby?
Looking forward to more of the (x)architects series on the blog--highlighting innovators in in an innovative profession.
please follow me
very often the best way of doing something is also the most annoying
This situation can only be described as an Angolan rap circle-jerk.
congrats my dude
Just got back from an #Intel #HPC round table meet in Washington. Much NDA MIC fun ;-)
lol thank you . Hows your son doing ?
Announcing a Wolf Camera Coupon for 20% Off Scrapbooking Materials
when r u goin to post ur imagines
I know, a bit of a stretch, but he redeemed himself to me with Contagion & Hugo (a little). Okay, not fab. Fine?
Nothing says fun like a meeting to set office protocol.
on KBEACH global radio Weds 11am-12pm PST Stay tuned for DJ Mikey at noon!
b day lunches are gay.
Sleepy.... Ready for tomorrow!.
I miss you!
Yay! RT Digital Archive of Literacy Narratives at #4c12 on my list today to talk about Twitter literacy!”
"Melancholia" is available on Instantly Watch via Netflix. Everyone go watch it now. No, really. Now. Now!
and I are going to be making bank next pay check! Love making money again!
Thanks for the RT's! Happy Mother's Day.
I hate lol usage almost as much as I hate how many times my neighbor goes up and down the stairs while I'm trying to sleep
What's more then Most? Justin loves me the most :o <3
We'll stay tuned. Have an awesome week. Peace.
bizarre foods ! go andrew
why no song by the on that Parenthood sdtk? that would have been my sole reason to buy it.
&#9828; Protect your Children
she eats platanos, black beans with a side of red snapper
refreshing you tweets every second for the link :) x
Very proud of (my daughter). She's using her gifts and talents to touch the lives of kids in Tacoma.
#Warm-up: Leg Swings. Stand parallel to your support on left leg, swing right leg straight out in front, then back. Repeat 10x per leg.
you must have gone to a good school where the property taxes were high...
it's a safe bet that Obama's so called 'health care' plan is not in favor of the nation's health
off into the night!
But it all doesn't matter ... IPO over-subscribed; massive insider positions being sold. $FB can go to $10 and they won't care.
wow! Sorry to make you so upset! maybe you should give her next week's
enjoy watching the various strategies of holding the #hewebroc bag without it looking like a purse
Six months later and finally making the long-awaited chalkboards. Thankful my kids are patient.
REMINDER....Bloody Brunch is still on the look out for promotional goodies for our swag bags! Shoot an email to ! :)
I have skinnier ones lol
Robert Zimmerman is doing everything he can to help get my head screwed on straight this morning.
Rain/drizzle will continue through the night across NJ, likely tapering off in the morning.
you do!!
Sunny day in Portland and a soccer double header. Today is going to be a great day! I love my days off.
Thanks for the birthday shout! Just came back from a conference and saw it.
i want popcorn. who wants to see a movie this weekend
just doin my job
Snipper of the week Shannon Dohar! We chat her up about New York and the best summer movies...
we are the future of marketing and printing in the Midwest.
no you needed them to run through the forest
I love lamp. I LOVE LAMP.
Man, I wish I had been there for that.
#pittbigidea pitches happening now. Include life saving health sciences biz concepts.
I NEED to get some really great headshots for cheap!.. my agent doesnt like the ones I just got done! Any referrals??
HEY SHANE whats up?
What is your favorite #movie or #TV car? We're big fans of KITT!
Ditto kiddo
I'm about to drive out to Livestrong. Tornadoes are far away so far.
- - cannot wait to watch the #CriminalMinds season finale! Gonna be a good one! :)
“: I don't know why my gay boyfriend can't just be my real boyfriend.”
it's my go to product since leaving Aveda. The moisture cant be beat!
Technology... is a queer thing. It brings you great gifts with one hand, and it stabs you in the back with the other. Carrie P. Snow
Itchin' to see dirt. Home Depot is stocking garden supplies. Just need one more good thaw...
Happy Fathers Day!!! Enjoy it to the fullest
I'd like to announce a change of permanent address. I'm moving to the 6th Floor of Thompson, 20th century politics shelves.
My father taught me to work; he did not teach me to love it.
Seriously? How is that? RT : Internship at CVS for Pharmacy until 9 then Hangover 2 at midnight!!!! Woo!
If yall looking for beats fuckz with dude got some heat. We going get it in soon.
Happy Friday Xavi!!!
have fun! Hope he wins
RT: I received the granola cereal you sent today & have already eaten a bowl. thank you again. its super yummy!
SUNDAY, APRIL 15, 2012: We had , a and a game at the same time, but no problems. How? WE WERE TOO BUSY #WINNING!
Question then emerges- how much does anatomical structure (our hands) inform typing layouts versus a language difference?
Juan "The Savior" Rodriguez looking to stay undefeated against Damien Butler! #boxing -ms
U say u love an respect her then dont hold her back from opprtunites an dont put her down just support her!!!!
SAME! Seriously, I dont understand it. I remember at least one dream every night its weird
She's tripping it's all due before June 4th, I doubt that.
Really need to get out of this funk. It's really annoying me now.
Die learning log
With the weather so hot and cold why not get a AC/heat window unit for. Great all year round. Naughton's has a great selection of sizes.
Lmao! Angry sex issues? What are those?
hey!!! I'm a huge fan and I love ur song/music video!
Last night I slept with the lights on cuz I was too lazy to turn em off.
Hakeem Nicks everyone. Wow.
gplus, facebook, everywhere, SUCK IT. Twitter is win. Twitter is communication. Twitter is the movement.
Its like damn IM NOT GON TXT U BAC !
Important step 4 Sharing Economy! Congrats Bill enabling personal car sharing just passed in WA Senate
Morning (screaming voice) Whether you believe it or not, none of us can achieve anything alone! Make sure your entire family is strong!
Happy Mothers Day! What you do and have done does not go unnoticed!!
U too love!
Bulls following out of it tonight? Or can they get the win?
agreed, F Jockey.
RT : Step into the biggest version of yourself. Let go of limiting thoughts & other people's opinions. Let your light shine.
Not a good weekend. Both my teams lost by 1 pt. UK and the Bengals ;(
..and kirsten.
Imm thinking me , & needaa have a sleepover soon <3.
omg lol. dude i just died laughing
Seems my bladder still thinks its hilarious to wait until I'm comfortable in bed before voicing it's need to pee.
#FF some fantastic #CMI partners and friends!
With two new puppies I am going to be doing a lot of dog walking! God bless you dear brother.
Chelsea and Paris St-Germain at Yankees Stadium in July
Umm no words! RT : Omg did you see the way they were kissing? So painful i couldn't watch RT :
Bored as hell
My eternal love! I miss you, too! Glad to see you on here. Let's have (Lebanese, please!) food with soon!
The good news is no one in the Ruidoso mobile-home park was injured in the explosion. The bad news is there was an explosion. A mobile home.
God is so amazing goodnite twitter
Any ideas for a birthday celebration??? I dont know what to do!
Eating ice cream for lunch because
RT : nothing is easy is it?
Salute to - They Got That CONTENT!
Really who didn't know LeBron James was going to win a M.V.P. this year over Derrick Rose #HeatNation 3Mvp in the last 4years
Wed could be huge!
"im not a slut! i can count all the people ive slept with with one hand." "yeah if that hand was holding a calculator." true
ABSOLUTELY! Do you think she would give me her number?
That milk cheese thing is giving us the heebie jeebies. A woman in SF breast fed until son 5 yrs old/husband liked the milk too-ug
Now it's time to prep for 17th Annual Southeast Pest Management Conference's "ULTIMATE Pest Fighting" woot!!
great morning
Carlsbad Strawberry Co WILL NOT be at the Market today - they were hit HARD by the recent rains and don't have their produce to bring today.
Are you a heat fan too....fingers crossed.
Me:(to dad) I drive or what??:p Dad: ha, u don't even know how to drive Me: if I know how to drive in my psp, I know how to drive>:P
Looks like picture will be locked in less than 2 weeks. submission will be a slightly better cut than
Ashbrook: we are not looking for "empty-suit #civility"
Bruce, thanks for the welcome. Toiling away in NM, TX, LA, OK, & AR now. Miss San Diego mucho.
its my fault doe, he thought i was working </3
we actually have one, it just hasn't been released yet, which generation?
Awesome new movie from just screened at Hammer Museum. Best part: trip to Bhopal to meet people they allegedly "traumatized"
We walkin handnhand, barefooted n the sand, keepin it a hunned, never lettin bs hit the fan.- "The Real in You" KB ft.
I'm pretty sure that's my vision of hell.
Totally thought today would never end . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
There needs to be more sleep when you have a cold.
Parkers mom: time to go to bed its 9pm Parker: YOLO motherfocka I'm a rapper His mom: YODO...you only die once
digging the bio, every one of them!
RT soundcloud.com/zedd/slamthedo… This is being released tomorrow on !!!!! Excitement-5000-pro-HD
#relationshippains being single and seeing the girl you crush on everyday
as an Oregon fan I have mad respect for you. As an NBA fan I have even more respect for you since you're a clippers fan.
I hate ants. Passionately.
Natural Breast Enlargement Evaluations?! ???2??
SEEMS LIKE GOT THE MOST FANS "NATION WIDE" #RETWEET WERE YOU CHEERING FROM!
Sitting next to a annoying guy in biology-_-
Hey , is spending his draft wend giving prizes to his loyal fans! Great #SM synergy.
Don't tell me I can't build rome In a day just cuz he couldn't do it.
Appreciated your expertise Jeff. Do you have any strong thoughts on building online followings?
It's 7 in the morning on a Sunday and I just added animated gif support for my Android.
Does that Sweet Genius guy freak the heck out of anyone else besides me?
Thank you all for being so patient, it looks like we got mistaken for having an automation because we had such a huge response!
best dog ever! She's just turned 1
Point and Click.
I knew the Bulls was gone come back home and show they ass Melo had a great game yesterday thats the only reason they won
< wut a long dick look like!
boom i like the way you think
RT : Just wait until R November elections...and by 2012, I predict that Obama willBhistory>can we last that long?
Let the writing begin!
no, boo! already on a plane. next time!
Tweets in yo mouth! haha:)) OH, So were you saying you like MGK?
So if Caldwall doesn't open the door I'm going to second lunch!
U should be doing interviews tonight, Anik looks nervous handling both. Honestly, Anik would be better on color, w/new PBP
Mother nature pounded on the Northwest!
I'm not gonna blast his business on twitter, but it's not something he just says. Truth be know he hates the label.
ROAD TRIP! :)
yeah, he can return kicks too. We just need some fast RBs everyone for the colts last year on offense was slow except Garcon
Golden Spoon: thumbs down.
Enjoy "Behind the Scenes" every morning. 5 - 7 am We were this morning. What a workout!
When in doubt, go to
Are you stuck in your business and can't determine why?
#iPad overview: retina display, faster chip, better camera, voice dictation, 4G, potential hotspot. Can we move on now?
Have you been inside? Would love to know your thoughts!
"I am a robot, first of all.
You ruined that for me. Lmao! RT : Yu know girls tell yu they got that fat cat bahahha
Don't complain about someone not trusting u if you're not acting trustworthy.
That weird feeling when the guy you use to like finally notices you......
Really LA drivers?Stopping in the fast lane 2 switch drivers when there's a shoulder next 2 you?Didn't think it could get worse. I was wrong
Thank you for supporting our project! we love u.
you are gorgeous!
Tweet at us what your doing today!!
He learned our song on guitar. Ah<U+E328>
Is she going to jail or something? :/
What time is the computer exam.......
That "Ah hah" moment>>>
YES!!!! *fist pumps*": Steve McQueen, Adepero Oduye and Chiwetel Ejiofor working together...LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!"
Wow jimmy carr says women apparently smile 62 times a day..not in tottenham they don't!! :p
I don't even care anymore. Oh whale.
I come home and the first thing I do is sit on the patio and enjoy an iced coffee with momma bear <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I don't know what Joe Kennedy Sr. did… but his poor family has been made to pay for the sins of the father all years since.
The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on.
Not really sure how my 4square got linked to twitter. Stoping that now.
There are three kinds of people in the world. Those who are good at math and those who are not.
I need a spoiler alert who went to the taping!?!?!?!?
Blahh I know that already... I guess you just had a lot of transfer credits Nevermind lol
Can we agree now giving Lebron 3 MVPs is a sham to the historical records of professional basketball?
work hard for the money... rip Donna.. hot stuff.. saving that last dance for u.. Godbless
When you sign up make sure to link your twitter account !
Nice! That definitely helps the budget. :)
Loving this storm on the coast.
Erdos just needs to use the computer he used to log in last time... Hooray for autocomplete.
watching popper's penguins lol
We're all excited about the excellent incoming class to the MA program in DH at Loyola.
Good to know. Curious to know why it was left out this year?
If you're drinking a beer out of a punch top can, you're the douchebag in the room.
Thanks for the shoutout!
Honesty is the best policy, so I appreciate yours...but I'm not going tonight! Big run tom am
School has gone by fassttt
Nick Collins just ripped Jay Cutler a new asshole. Hopefully Cutler can get payback during the season.
Risk is a resource. Use it wisely, just like time or money.
Dwight Howard officially supports Stephen Colbert for president
Workin' hard making music!
Tonight at Coral Gables with Conjunto Progreso and latenight with El Pikete @ Caribbean Nights Club @ 8th st. Greetings!
#LifeWouldBeBetter if everyone wore gear.
meet her many years ago through a friend... I'll check out your show! Congrats!
Are sock garters a hipster bridge too far?
I made some good progress on my paper today! I feel so much better about it than I did last night. *whew*
is it available for all phones? I have been hearing so much about it
When people find I play the piano, they ask me if I can play ____. Requests are always something I dislike; requesters are always male.
sorry if I'm spamming you! But please follow and I? Thanks lol :p
. describing the challenge of reliably pointing to something that is changing over time (like a county)
What the heck, let's make a record!
Let's go crew!!
that's for sure; haven't been too involved in MD's conservation efforts. i know MICA (my school) has a good recycling prog
Okay, I talked with Mrs. A and she said that EVERYONE in the group needs to be committed.
Wall St gains on earnings, economy; Egypt fears ease
its been so long since we last talked
YES. That tweet constitutes a transfer of your contract with OSF to me, Tony & Loehr. LETS DO THIS BOYS.
Robert F. Brands: Innovation: 3M's Lessons to Be Learned: 3M takes a long-term approach to the new product development process by cre...
I wish there were fewer launch parties and more "lunch parties." Oh well.
“: RT : Hey adorable couples who constantly profess your love for each other via Facebook, learn how to text.”
lol come get it
weird not having XC or Downhill skis out. Not to mention ice skates...lakes are even sketchy Wah.
Students mask their insecurities with their tone which is often casual & sarcastic. We need to first boost their confidence
is the man! Come dance with us tonight!
hope this is the day you follow me it would make me happy!!
3 seizures at work
RT : Launch night. Exciting! Cranking it! *great job everyone!*
Thanks!! Heidy is an excellent adapting squirrel :-)
One more hour!!! Hurry up to
We're giving away a pair of CENTER COURT FRONT ROW SEATS to an upcoming Spurs game. Go to www.expresslube.com to enter today!
I wanna see!!!! “: Can't find a way to secretly photo woman w cheetah coat, zebra gloves, tiger scarf. #DCisAJungle”
Where and when is the casting?
How did Beck look? His numbers didn't appear to be too bad...
no way?!? ;-) girl if you have to stay the night give a ring so i can be the bodyguard and you Whitney Houston! ;-)
I need to go to sleep
I want to hang out with her today >>>>>>
London is a place I've yet to visit.
Ortiz loves stickin' it to the Twinkies. Which sounds dirty, but is actually fairly awesome.
more like
“: Oxford! I'm playing this Friday night at 10:30pm! Come one, come all!” I'll be there selling hot dogs outside.
Just walked past a line of people waiting for nickelback and realized they all had terrible taste in music and I am sure most things in life
I am in for raffle. paypal? Tomorrow?
I wish I could!!
Some mornings are like choreographing an extraordinarily slow dance.
Rain rain go away!
Gorgeous day. Thank you
Funny how when my life is so exciting, I should be tweeting, but I can only get around to tweeting when life slows down.
We're having our first full production meeting of the semester tonight!
which one? :o
Oh I get it. In the new Twitter app, Discover is the tab I don't ever need to tap.
We should start a group on Goodreads, maybe?
I have a feeling I'm gonna win the mega millions, so I guess I can join the millions of folks who also think they are going to win...
It's time for cuchi cuchi
I watched your special back to back. Not because I'm a fan but I'm to fat and lazy to find the remote. Good thing u didn't suck.
lol what the crap. You must be bored to be watching it!
I forgot how delicious lunchbox shots are.
RT : From , when a woman is pregnant STDs can be more serious for her & her baby. Moms2b, ask your doctors about...
"Wanna tell you about the girl I love, my she looks so fine..."
RIP Whitney Houston..
Chicago for the night to offer security, navigation, and moral support for the girls and their new kids backstreet concert.
Lunch with always improves the day. M. Korean BBQ.
depends on the day I wear em all I love jocks an boxerbriefs the most. Boxers on the weekend
thank you ! you are too <3
follow me up here twitter
Don't ruin my childhood! lol
Ooh, the $5 Aziz Ansari special is the one I went to. If the camera pans the crowd, I'm the tiny asian way up and back not visibly laughing.
I lose customers over 30 seconds and .50 cents. So maybe you can tweet me a free flight and fix this now?
just flip him off tomorrow :)
where are you??
yeah....your her best friend, Zaria....beeessstfrienddd...& you getta go to high school together<31
what movie did you see??
You will have to elaborate on this sometime. Not sure what it all means. Troubles with the new iPad?
When I first heard of the Hunger Games, I thought it had to do with food.
johnny eggs and joey beans?
Happy Mothers Day!
How fabulous. Most of the new visitors to my site today seem to be spammers. Awesome.
Austin Powers watchin, neopoliton ice-cream eatin, and tyler posey on the brain. I can say my mind is stimulated.
Harry Potter
My Mova is the baddest Chic I know!
I got your back! Bring ya a dozen!!
Good question
Scooter's Coffee House 12th & Howard in Old Market and lots of others around Omaha: www.scooterscoffeehouse.com
#turntoyou is one of the best songs you have ever written. i love you<3
Officially dating
lol who knows? It just fell out randomly when I was sitting at my desk.
Always be shorter than anybody dared to hope. ~Lord Reading, on speechmaking
dont forget states have prisons too!
#Giro From Bevagna to Foligno, ruler-straight: this is the ancient Roman Via Flaminia, and when they could, they liked their straight roads.
We're excited too for the release of #pussinboots. Are you a big fan of the #shrek movies?
Got cool #Spurs pics or vids? Show them off @ www.SpursConnect.com #1 social network for #SpursFans! Join - Share - Win Tickets #GoSpursGo!
weird you didn't DM me ):
To our dear facebook followers: Happy Valentine's Day!
Owning multiple outs is one of the most important aspects of the sports wagering trade.
Thank you! And I just checked out your blog! LOVE it!
How do I get involved with ?
Really appreciate this chart. It's dramatically reduced number of times my mom asks me "Has [show] been renewed yet?"
eww this couple is touching each other, please get a room!!!
NEVER SAY NEVER! (: REMBER THAT!!
“: If design gets a seat at a table, can I bring content as my plus one? #idea10”
Where do you #donate and why there?
Theres a beautiful baby on this flight with his whole life ahead of him. :)
Underwriters: At this point, I sort of wish they'd ask me for a pint of blood instead of more student loan paperwork.
A week to relax and not think about any stress!!!
Seconded! RT : Can we have a videographer?!
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf. -Walter Lippman
RT : The all-time NFL Experience attendance record (200K+) has just been broken with a day and a half left to go.
Join us tomorrow for Sunrise Yoga @ 6:30am & Mat Pilates @ 8am! 1 week free of unlimited group classes for new clients! 620 Eighth Ave 92101
Gates hints GITMO detainees will face US jails Obama eyes how to deal with suspects deemed too dangerous. www.newroktimes.com
last man standing is a fav of mine, they are also great live! :)
my birthday is coming soon!!
Austin hates you.
Came home from school early. Being sick sucks, and being at school doesnt help!:/
Felt like a little kid on Xmas when my Hyperwear weight vests/sandbells arrived yesterday Thx 2 4 showing me these GREAT products
#beatles rule Three Americal Idol songs.... Sgt. Pepper always wins.
Loves seeing you, Christina--thanks for working your magic!!
only a good person get good money others poor and ugly if u say ur poor u just dont have no faith in ur self give urself luv befor other rep
Kaleb Canales on #Nets PG Deron Williams: "His toolbox is full. Any skill you would want...He's one of the top point guards in the league."
Nice to know I'm not the only one who thinks so! ;)
's Sagna just had the nicest cross I've seen in a while... not a bad finish either.
enjoy - great to hear!
that Foster dude must love you.
Drink water: No stress. No pressure. Just down 8 oz every hour and you're set.
Good luck! Knock 'em dead!
Guys who routinely pick on weaklings won't ever win any points with me. Asshole boys make asshole men.
Live life without limits!
please call 311 - thanks
I miss on #Idol this week. Ugh. I still believe the wrong person went home last week.
#KerbeyLane pancakes for dinner. Because I'm grown up and I can.
Had a blast last night at CGO it was crazy and got an autogragh from Chino and after spent quality time with my ERJ family it was fun!! =D
the difference btwn walking home w food n the US & walking home w food n india: n the US child beggars dont snatch the food from your hands.
You're very welcome! Have a wonderful day. Just winding down the evening here.
Only cus I need some affection ,Soo I Creep Yeaahhh just keep it on THA down low since nobody is suppose to know ,
New Consumer Financial Protection Board website is up. It looks rather cartoonish & not serious. Is that a bad sign for consumers?
I AM GOING TO PASS THESE TWO TESTS THIS MORNING!!!
I know its bull.
Indeed you can! Decide and it is done. ;-)
#Huguely lawyer: Huguely had no motive to rob Love of her laptop. He took it so she would come talk to him. It was recovered in dumpster.
they say forgive and forget..but I never forget the reason I had to forgive.
ok,i'm off twitter!See ya):
Bahahaha oh the thoughts that are running through my mind.
Maybe T will even get to see you while in town, huh? LOL
Just finished up our holiday "card" order! Can't wait to see them!
Hi there lady!! I hope you aren't melting in the oven that is Chicago! <3
You're a victim of the Reno food truck hype. Just pray the beer crawls don't get you too!
Tweet what I want you to Tweet Dammit!
This is not the car we ordered, dad. Quiet Russ. Ed, this is not the car we ordered
I come home may 12 and leave the 26 for germany for the summer
The ceremony concludes but the celebration continues. Welcome new DOs.
- my girlfriend is shopping there right now.
They totally can be. So can computer code, believe it or not. :) But that's a good one for sure.
#timberlake in the house
haha that sounds good and tasty and Ill be waiting for it ;-)
Converted basketball player TE Julius Thomas could break out too. Was a star at training camp last year but didn't play because run heavy O.
Listening to REM may also help lose your religion :)
at home wea u at
Finally got to watch #Goldrush last night. Sorry, but I had to ffwrd through the segments of Dakota & even Parker. Boring!
When is happy hour at the S. Philly Cantina?
Easter in Madrid was really cool too. They had a parade and everyone stays out so late socializing.
At Survivor Series Triple H will be, but a match with Kevin Nash-th he will be on TLC.
I really hope he does Hold You Down and That Power.
Spend life with who makes you happy not who you have to impress.
Massimo Lollini F'12: new tools for rich linking & text layering, along w/ visualization of Petrarch’s early manuscripts
word hmu lata u tryn to watch the celts over a couple brews
Time to write this essay!
I've heard guyz saying ma condom broke. Ma advice is alwayz make sure ur condom is double strapped only if u don't wanna pay child support.
In a network, you avoid duplicating your efforts to focus on what you’re good at.
good luck to you man!
I'm about to adopt the dog that was in the tornado that lost an eye and leg
Your link doesn't work for me, and I'd like to see it!
PEGGY. PEGGY
gotta love meeting new people on omegle <3
Aww"..nice to meet a world leader who has bigger ears than me"-Obama on Mickey Mouse.Will Sarkozy visit euroDisney to find Jiminy Cricket?..
WELL, TIME TO PLAY DIABLO!
iono I ant think that was posibule
I love that Andrew's mom just called me. Its been so long! Makes me feel loved! And she is excited that I am going to see
T3 Real time access to our own information combined with structural payment reform would be a good start.
Bumpin this I ain't got too many friends so I coped a coupe
The realist on the rise!!
NFL en espanol no mi gusto!
It took me a minute, but I finally worked out what you were saying. So...thanks, man.
yea we will figure it out, ill ask him in the morning, he went to bed
Walked into fye and heard Childish Gambino playing! Thank you fye.
Rule #4 work off of the best actors in class if you can, logic: "if you play tennis with people who are better your game will also improve"
No thoughts lives in your mind rent free
Founder versus owner mindset in a startup: which r you?
If you could have your guitar strap look like whatever you wanted, what would it look like?
Come on! That is ridiculous. We don't live at the North Pole...
i just ate an orange, and it made me sad because i wish it was a Mounds bar
It seems like everyday I have an angel and demon pop up on my shoulders
Cool deal today! For Leap Day, we are cleaning JUMPsuits, for free! Bring em in, to EcoClean, 2915 Gualalupe
thanks Rick :)
the proud family movie is gone off so Phineas and Ferb it is
Yes, I've actually been doing it for 2 and a half years straight. Welcome to the real world.
See I pop cherries & pick cherries, no stress.
I won't say i'm sorry, cause i meant it from the start...Fantastic song man...hope to see you soon with .
Yoga is where it's at.
Well, you're a pro at that. Absence makes the... How does that go? See ya Thursday!
A toddler just barely able to speak sang " I go by "Titty two necklace" -_-
The flowers outside the Reynolds Club were alive, well, and still stickered this morning.
not a single regret
Saturday Night Special 20% off 15 miles or more
As usual..my band get's fucked over..I guess people don't think we care, but guess what..
haha back of! I know I was a little late...
I hope Santa brings me a nice boy this year.
when do I get to see your pretty face???!! Geez its been way too long!
Wow I had justin bieber on twice on one of my last tweets smh
yea your gay
I thought I'd give them a 30 seconds running start. In this case tho they need a day's start! LOL
Got home and put on darj ltd, which is, so far, the WORST FILM EVER
When You're Gone...
watch my church online with me. starts now northpointonline.tv
i tweet inconsistently: still straightedge
just sum play game with my cousin
"You the type to recruit the bitches and ain't gon do shit with em but face time | text message and dm..meanwhile she let me split"
Net Impact '10 underway. First up, Bill McDonough.
i love my nerdy moments <3
this always happens. Don't fall for someone if you dont know whether they will catch you or not.... its not fair. im always the friend.
I'm actually interviewing in the company that owns the mbti, so that would be a dream! INFJ+infp jobs interest me the most
GREAT #APP: Multihand Blackjack by Pepper Dog Soft. Best #blackjack trainer. Great UI, teaches basic strategy, card counting!
“: Holy Crap! There are 1,999 of you who follow me and apparently enjoy it.” Define enjoy!
good look ma
5 live shots in the rain = soaked! What a way to start the work week!!
LETS GO BRUINS!!!!
Home from downtown LA. I hate driving out there
YES!!!! You are amazing... i finally have my female role model! THANK YOU!
Once was enough for me. I have had some adventures that about scared the life out of me. You can read about them in my book.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate What, you don't like Nickleback?
Best to be single at times
Most guys will give you their best move first to establish a rhythm - be ready for anything then adjust if you get beat
your on the radio :D
Do hot fireman wear suspenders ? Like, just their pants and no shirt, just suspenders??
FarealRT “ If I call u a bitch dat mean I love u” <<< Lmfao
Hi. I'm Becklynn, the only woman on the planet that doesn't wanna sleep with Channing Tatum
": pony?" never been to the pony what's it like? Lol
Just got back from a food truck gathering in Hollywood, FL. Ribs are in the oven. TIRED!
I'm geeked! You'll have to text me so I can get your number. I got a new phone so I don't have your number anymore :(
The man with insight enough to admit his limitations comes nearest to perfection. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
It's that week of the semester when my head spins all the way around and an alien made of condensed procrastination bursts out of my chest.
weelp, it'd be a good idea to weear clothes XD
Ha when gabriel flattered himself and thought i was talking about him get over urself already Lol
haha. Caught me... I didn't read the whole thing .. am now :-)
My copy of Treasure Island was printed in 1950, and it was free when you bought a can of Folger's Coffee. Rock on.
Not yet but we'll add it when we can ^_^
Thanks to all my followers finally hit 100 actually now at 101!!
Here's wishing you a Good Monday. Rise and Grind!
Just had the most difficult time logging in. What's up twitter?
Morgan just got me too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
#10thingsaboutmyself I would rather knock you out then look at you so just stay out of my way
dang im tired
We r?
Human Centipede is the SICKEST movie ever.! My tummy turning upside down.!
Spasibogt Stevengt gt gt gt The ticket of gt Copyright of Of codeWeavers of Incas :-)
Everyone's got a thing. Mine is that I'm into sports, right?
Even though Oct has seen 196% of it's average rainfall, Portland woman claims it rarely rains in the fall.
Thanks for the mention! New stuff on the way soon...
We will send our hungry thirsty costumers your way!
Though one good thing, I am trying to utilize my G+ account a bit... instead of spending it burning through hobby things. ^_^
Why did he try to get you jumped?
right huh.. Yummmmmmyyyyyy
Taking care of class action administration so our clients can go work on new cases.
#talktechmm awesome event
I know but trusting in God will get it
My heart plays Death Metal constantly...so no.
hey who's the white dude?
I want to have a good dream tonight
Hate odd days :(
Will check it out - thx for tip :) -CV
Can ya go to yallwire and vote for Keith Moody it's number # 4 right now and my dear freind Jamie Jean shot & directed the video!!
Hillis saw light work today and is questionable to start, given how that's played out, I'm leaning more out than in
“: How do we practice? Must allow ourselves the time and space for practice #IDEA10”
I have other business in NYC so timed it all to work out but still looking to attend LA as well
Orange dream eegees on point!!
Correction : I trust one person.
Thank you. Happy holidays!
TONIGHT - DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Play the Best Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team @ ABQ's Best Danceclub!!
Can we please stop blaming Bobby Brown!
Oh, I'm a great liar. I just don't like to lie.
“: OH "you don't have to re-invent the wheel, just make it not wobble so much" #WITHsdom”
"It's what you learn after you know it all that counts."- John Wooden
On Twitter I find solace in being a contributor of anti-trends
If u miss #BESTOFTHEBEST comedy show
929 N. Wolfe will bring 24/7 activity to #EBDI #JHU #BioPark on north side of Madison. Can't wait for June 2012 opening.
Do you think one day, people will look at cell phones like people look at cigarettes today?
Is it time to go home yet?
game with and
I'm trying to think of the last notable #NFL retiree that didn't join Brett Favre doesn't count since Deanna won't let him use phones
Cool! Those images were pretty technical.
“: Asher told me he really liked my poof this morning. Ha ha” love it!
We gonna "Hide the Liquor" tomorrow night at Cathouse
Happy new year to everyone! We are looking forward to all our exciting projects 2012
Waking up to birds chirping (:
At work ready to get off and get high ahahahah smoke gang
Rain is the best cuddle weather C(^_^C)
and last year’s leaves are smoke in every lane
This week I will live rather than merely be alive! I want to
I'm ready to go home when is 4:00 comin
chocolate with sprinkles always makes my day! yummy!
as in, before three French hens??
RT : Can't believe they threw out that Arizona Diamondbacks fan in Colorado for throwing back the home run ball. #MLB #Rocki ...
New week, fresh start...quadruple up first hand...see things are looking better already!
Who are you most excited to see at #BuzzBeachBall2012 June 2? Foster the People? The Shins? Sublime w/ Rome? Flogging Molly?
Just wanted to say GN to all u twitter ppl an have a blessed day tommarrow ps. Follow an check out my page on youtube DOEentTV
Aloha Karen! Thanks for following :)
A Lonely liver suspended in liquid. ~ Bleeder, Alkaline Trio
BREAKING NEWS: It turns out, that Trick in fact, loves the kids.
FLOP OF THE NIGHT BLAKE GRIFFIN DONT FALL WHEN YOU GET AN ARM TO THE FACE
Rock chalk baby!!!!!!! Too proud right now KUuUUuUuuUu
<--- Slave to the pussy, Im just playing the field nigga
lol imma a lil loopy right about now .. Sheila is on tv
Don't forget - tonight is Associates of Applied Arts #Degree #College Open House Night! Please RSVP at 214.638.0484.
I feel really old watching HNJ volleyball. It's legit been 7 years since I've played on this court.
ha! That's hilarious.
Watching Michael Jackson on youtube he was the greatest..
Twitter, I am being pulled in many directions. I want to keep writing, but we have dinner guests coming, and also Godfather 2 is on AMC.
Why is it that, as a culture, we are more comfortable seeing two men holding guns than holding hands?
Did you like that last scene? Huh, did you? Tell me how much you liked it.
preach..lol..for winging it we snapped at that event..let's get those $2000 gigs..ha
Trying to make a poster while being distracted by Must be part of their evil plan to stop the up + comers.
maxfields happy music in Santa maria
it's the shit. So worth it. I got bumped up to some exclusive free Zappos shipping, too!
you say that like it's a BAD thing. RT : None of my old BBS logins work.
Sometimes YOU need to step outside, get some air, and REMIND yourself of who YOU are and where YOU want to be!
Gig tonite at the hair of the dog saloon in middletown CT. Come down if ur in the area
Twice I've missed the bus right as its leaving...smh give me a break!
Go Lakers! RT : Come join me at the this Wed to watch the Lakers take on the Clippers. Party starts @ 7pm!
that's babe! Now let's do your video ASAP :) "umm, can I get a mojito"... Or maybe something sweet w/no sugar" <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
Also prefer that we don't play him twice a year.
I love my unions they make everything so easy for me
"You need to have informed skeptics to deal with big data and running a business" Casey Steadman
roll over to what???
..or London.. sheesh! RT love texting a friend and finding out they are in the caribbean! What am I not doing?! Lol.
“Service is the goal of time and the destination of space.” (316:4) 28:6.19
u still up?
Get more people to follow you on #twitter by making sure your ordinary updates are anything but.
girl my phone been dead since yesterday I been using my other phone
I am who i am. If you dont like me why you still worrying about me then
I LOVE MILEY CYRUS <U+2665>
Nice Bosh!!!
I am too! I'm standing at the c hall stairs by the gym ! Come!
Let's get those followers up to win free tickets.. Give us a shout out
don't go back to school!!
SO MUCH TO DO TODAY
Just finished 's book 'Tell to Win.' As an anthropolgy & social media connector, I really enjoyed the purposeful storytelling!Thx
I have seen great birdies & taken mediocre photos. I need a bigger lens.
Wish I could've joined!
and make it even better with your fresh, innovative ideas. We can't wait to see your progress!
so nice that you have 2 jobs that you love! Some people can't even find 1 that they like.
Marian Hossa is in my school's yearbook. Probably best thing I have accomplished in yearbook this year.
My backyard looks like Wrigley Field!! Pretty excited about it. @
: yikes! stay safe!
Great meal at in Vancouver. Totally worth the drive up from Portland. Wish it was closer!
How many receptions you got Welker getting in 2012?
The IAP Crafts panel will now take a break for lunch.
Bout to go to my room.
For the second time today, I've turned on Earlier, it was for "Blood Diamond". Tonight, it's for "Troy". Man card getting revoked ?
I can't believe Ali got fired!
Would love to connect at #ctia and chat if you are available. Please DM me, Thx!
My Computer Is Finally Fixed ! ^_____^
it would have been cooler if I did.
that'd be wicked cool!
how was your Easter sweet friend!! been thinking and praying for you! love you~
If you haven't already, subscribe to the We Are Bitter Sober youtube channel: www.youtube.com/user/wearebittersober
Can't wait for the ICONic Boyz to be on Shake it up tonite!!! So proud of them!!
#MARVELOUSMONDAY EVERYONE!!!!!!! TODAY SMILE AND MAKE SOMEONE ELSE SMILE NOT ONLY WOULD YOU BE MAKING THEM SMILE BUT YOU'LL FEEL GOOD INSIDE
famished/Starvin' Marvin ... no marathon, even
Great meeting you today at the SXSW panel :).
Look for the girl with the broken smile, ask her if she wants to stay awhile.
1 serving oatmeal, fresh black berries, and 2 egg whites. Now off to M6. Elevate!!!
the skinny red fox jumped past the boring dog.
Yeah, in speaking of that, I wound up working all night last night.
With amd
The only B-word you should call a girl is Beautiful. Trust me, Bitches loves that.
come to one of Brake Specialists Plus' 13 locations for your oil change! (512) 795-4066
a multi-billion dollar oil company, through a filing error, appoints an infant as chairman. call it "Baby on Board."
#SaySomethin is perfect, have listened to it 213 times ... Your perfect in everything you do #cometoohio watcha think?
ANYTIME PRETTY!! WHERE U FROM ? I LIKE UR NAME BTW, U HOTTIE U :)
good luck home slice LOL
I am sure they have addressed those issues. Safe travels!
Thanks for the follow!
good when you coming to south Florida
Why are you up hahaha I wouldn't be but i have not seen you in forever
u know i went 2 go work out with mikey this morning lol
get tyller to bring youu food. (;
I'm pretty sure I don't like half of the people at my school
Dare you to like this.
eMusic has totally gone down the drain....thanks Sony!
That's correct. It wont be long before registration is open, though. :)
or... (Sam to Mike) "When the time comes to rescue a bunch of rich women trapped in a brewery, you better step up."
I so would if I had the money
So frustrating. It has been the longest two months (and a few days) ever. If only..
Defense or lose..let's go mavs
well change that please...:))) right on thick mama
I saw that, .. I tried to get bin.pl for usr.bin.pl a while back .. but no dice
Good luck to and tonight!
Wind farm planned for Mass will prevent 5000 asthma attacks according Army Corps of Engineers.
I don't even want to think about that right now..
lol i know right.....
That is so awesome, Amara! Haha. Congratulations!
Downton Abbey, Game of Thrones, Mad men.....I love being transported to another time/world....
Thanks for follow... In all humility and without reading you yet.. Are you awake to the fake left right paradigm?
#ObamaBookTitles: The Bible (As edited by a superior author, of course)
Me: "I've done absolutely nothing today." Dad: "Well you napped...and then ate food..." Thanks
Hey Arnold!!!
So fun having and in studio today! It was fun watching their parents too! :-)
told you to drop out!!
Congrats melody ": did i win or not? Im still on the phone right now."
so what's the happy hour specials?
So i want to get to know you all better feel free to shoot me a message on here or simply post on the wall whatever you want to do !
So sad to hear of the passing of Dick Clark. What a long, wonderful life he had.
Guys, don't talk to a girl who has a boyfriend. Girls, don't talk to a guy who has a girlfriend.
Who just scored the domain name "bus.ac" (which happens to be the shortest name in his a/c related domain collection) - Ha!
Would like more traction for Win Win and Super 8, but I've no big problems with the ones I've seen listed, even, uh, The Help
Yay! You used #McFatty :) That brought a smile to my face.
I know what I'm getting though:)
Great turnout tonight! Wake Forest, under President Hatch's leadership, has a real commitment to service!
thinks he may be the only person not watching the Oscars. Oh well.
Chaparral football coach Dave Huffine just confirmed that #NotreDame recruit Davonte Neal has withdrawn from high school cc:
“: Does your campus #stuact office do any summer campus programming? What types? What is your typical attendance? #sachat”
Join today post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure. Post all your highlight tapes you have on youtube on our site
#incollege u learn about shit that is irrelevant just like in high school. but some shot will really help yo ass in the long-run
this is very trippy. u look a bit awkz in this.
He/she is/will always be an "average" student. (What does that even mean???!!)
“: congrats to the great He is a lucky mang!!!” An Inspiring love story urself!
These "ugly" gifts are of God, too. We don't understand His will, so we label some things evil, only cuz they don't match our expectations.
yeah buddy!
where have u been????
Damn. I'm taking her to the dance and shell wear my jersey friday
Great to see waving the green flag from a bucket truck over Washington street to start the Indianapolis Mini Marathon this AM!
Blah. Watching American Idol.
you can't make this up. only on the holiest of christian holidays.... in #PDX. I love this place :)
The competition is fierce! Have you gotten your vote in yet? #brewersolympics at both Rohrbach locations
w/ the Stuart clan for Ma Stuart/Mothers Day :-)
Michigan pays for students to take the test too. High school is to Industrial Era- college is to globalization/technology
you really have no idea how much I love you dammit! I'm watching hot in Cleveland right now.
It's not enough to be creative. You have to have the research to back it up, too.
I am NOW.. thanks for the heads up.. I see I haven't missed much. Both r looking cold!
“ OMG I haven't heard Mindy Thompson Fullilove- mentioned since the late 80s when doing HIV work in Bay Area!”
I know grown men who are afraid of that bridge lol!
May is actually national stress month.
you are the best! thx! Although now that we are friends...we've got a fridge to move, do you have a truck?
Im so tired of this bitch ass car! Can't wait till its done so I can have all the attention I need right now
haha tread carefully
Sbux gift cards top reward for watch and reward on
thats what you get for not goin with d-lo
if students did this kind of event for themselves, they'd learn a ton. it'd be even more meaningful coming from peers
The beach... A long road trip... Overseas with friends? What's the best vacation you've ever taken? Leave us a comment right now!
Thanks for the RT!!
#ispendwaytomuchmoneyon gas. I need a bike.
Now I am peering at G+ like a confused monkey. I used to have an account but I guess it was a different email than my main~
Dinner tix 2 rich for your blood? Buy tix 4 the #ITAOTC after party $80 @ door $40 for students, purchase on 's website
Please? RT : Look for Maryland coach Randy Edsall to get strong consideration in Jacksonville.
"Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade." Leo Buscaglia
Let's go norfolk state!
Biz op in Fort Worth! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Contact us!
Just had to break into my own house hahahaha
Anyone else think the K-State stadium "DJ" is playing the same tunes they played the first time Coach Snyder was there?
Interesting aspect of the June 12 primary: If a candidate in one of the Reno City Council wards gets 50% +1, then only that name goes to Nov
about to start building up my twitter account!! let's see what i can do
Yes indeed we would have one fun time I'm quite certain! :)
Hundreds of BU students held a candlelight vigil for 3 classmates killed in a minivan crash studying abroad in New Zealand
I dont always shit in public but when I do I make sure its in a handicap stall
thank you!
it was in fact exactly what happened haha
Beautiful day in NYC!!
thats just too freaky...
I don't believe in peer pressure
maybe you should get 2 and make a super table!
Hey Bisexual Political Movement! The 80's called, they want their agenda back.
Is it too presumptuous to walk up to a chick & ask how much? She's dresses like whore, tweets like slut & looks like a skank in her pics.
Identity fest is coming up ina couple if months. I wont get alcohol poisoning this time. ;)
Congratulations! I'd love to! Just let me know how!
Just finished the compassion 5k representin team flagler hospital!! Ready to enjoy this beautiful day in st Aug!!!
Im so ready to go home n relax ...have a cocktail with the roomie :)
LETS GO CANES. We already lost Jacory Harris for the game; let's not lose Shannon losing to a winless team and ACC foe.
Weird this is so weird.
We used to call it Brown Eye
I had to do it... Lololz
We Must Learn to Love
Anyone using #Evernote for Schools? Using Groups w/premium accts for students or individual free accts? Do you share notebooks?
I'm there. There's gonna so much molestation in our church!!!
Unemployment implies room for more leisure for equal productivity. Need system of capital allocation that's not based on labor.
they both mean the same thing ..its twitter not school. :p
What does a nosey pepper do ?
Same to you! Hope the weather treats you well : )
Tell him grill does not have to = meat. I vote for a cheap >$80 grill so he can grill veggies this summer. Veggie kabobs! :)
Wonderful! Best of luck!
I thought had #TheVoice on lock tonight and then Juliet comes out and totally slays
Well, on the bright side, the REAL bullpen didn't get used. Pomerantz looked damn good.
thank u
wait what?! I'm crazy?! HELL NO!! YOU crazy!! Lol Jk Ik I'm crazy
Goal 1: find uniform. Goal 2: get out of bed. Goal 3: stay out of bed. Goal 4: go to my game.
Yes! Did you not receive the email from them? They cc'd you on the acceptance! I'll forward it to you again.
APD looking for missing couple from Colorado. Not that we can actually do anything to find them, but saying that we are makes us look good.
Mourning the loss of a Delta Gamma sister today. I hope the San Jose law enforcement finds the shooter and brings Kristina justice
#SometimesIJustWant you to want me too
3rd day off...exhausted...3rd day up b4 8am. This was supposed 2 b a weekend 2 catch up on sleep so i WONT b exhausted all week! Grrrr :-(
Ive never been so happy to see food x
Tweet me something sweet <3
Affirmation: I let go of everything that does not serve me.
I'm going with ya.
7/28 we're co-hosting an eco-movie fest with ! Swing by James Madison Park @ 8pm to catch the enviro-themed animated shorts.
have a awsome show, i will be watching even thought im recording it too lol but im in pain (sprained wrist)but im watching
girl don't be entertaining that...to all yo haters.....keep yo game face on..
Today is eternity's seed, and we are its gardeners.
WTF Wednesday at Davenport Lounge SA Right Now!
thanks for the retweets! interesting convo happening in the comments on the country's dialogue on race...
So in what ways are they trying?
Can anyone suggest where to find a new/used sandwich board? Perhaps someone would like to #donate to a #nonprofit? Thanks!!
Oh how I'd love to get a massage right now. No luck. :-P
Balls Of Fury
orange chicken :)
I left my work badge somewhere, it has my name on it. Pretty sure anyway.
:O ": In and out burger, defacing guitars and writing music with :)"
Pain only hurts if there open wounds otherwise it's just fatigue....smh
You KNOW that's not what you wanted Peggy!
hi! how are you?
Stop sulking Frank.
Totally crazy, makes me a little afraid, ha! You try it, then report back, lol.
Good afternoon, everyone! Hope you have a good one!
Tornado warning for a county that's 40 miles away from San Antonio. 0.o
Back from DC. A little jet lag, but looking for a second wind. Had a great time there with the Gemmells. Warm in DC, and nice in Vegas.
Grumpiness just means you need hugs!
jessica biel. woof.
Maybe Hedley's doing expose on rich aristocrats? He's already following a queen and a princess. Could he dig up enough to out me? . . . Nah.
Knowing Tony, I think this is just a complaint about general perceptions of humanities. Not about DH.
Taos man Christopher Barney beat his girlfriend; fatally stabbed their baby; and then tried to cut his own throat. And now his trial begins.
just 2 hours (: till you mind blow all the single monthers away!!
stop lying cry baby
pretty sure you could wear anything and look good.
woah don't get loud with Americans we are the loudest people in the world! #what tweet?
A Carolina chickadee was hanging out with me for a while in the yard, and then a Carolina wren stopped by. Cool.
#FF AMAZING handbags!
I gave you my twitter at the radio staion and you still haven't followed me!
I am a broken man
motherhood is a primal experience, isn't it? More love than u could have ever imagined. Congratulations! Expecting, myself!
is there an actual store? Or is it all online
With that shot into the cab you should move up into the striker position! Beautiful.
So humbled by response at today's session of #CreatingChange ! Thanks to everyone who came + to those of you who stood.
What's going on in #longbeach for Cinco de Mayo?
Dear "The Pitch," please Google "center cut safe." Thank you. Signed, a guy who still has a 4:3 TV.
Ready to serve you this Small Business Saturday. Dbl Punch Drink is Pumpkin Spice Latte. Moving Sale 10-30% OFF Everything in the Store!
This sex, is sex, how sex, you sex, keep sex, a sex, dumb sex, ass sex, busy sex, for sex, 20 seconds. Read this again but don't say sex.
Eighth grade all I did was wear out my cassette copy of Licensed to Ill. Greatest shit ever.
Israelis on alert amid Land Day protests
What kind of Camera did you shoot that video with?
Uncertainty? That would be someone unemployed hearing once again Boehner threatening to shut down gov. Corps are doing fine.
I like dude!
Am dwelling on the fact that I parted with Liverpool V Real Madrid tickets 4 2nites game 2 do preparation for sport psych work. Dedication!
"You're the boss daddy" *whispers*
we won it :D and now my bed is calling my name. Hope you have a great night!
Tom Boonen is having his own #Resurrection this year on Easter. He has just won the 110th #Paris-Roubaix bike race.
Today is so beautiful! My heart is happy. Perhaps it has something to do with the coffee I just drank, but who cares! Life is grand. :)
I am now a blogger. (insert dramatic music)
now how to get him to follow me?! OOH can you like spam him to have him follow me?! That would be amazing if he followed me.
Small line putsode Verizon store for Thunderbolt.
My lips are the gun. My smile is the trigger. My kisses are the bullets. Label me a killer.
We are ready for demo day Great meeting tonight. folks from Sacramento scheduled to attend.
Want to get even with banks? Here's your chance. Close your account with whichever Big Bad Banks you're with and go to a credit union or...
What is your favorite Bible verse?
Where to Find Quality Social Media Marketing Ideas Where to Find quality Social Media Marketing Ideas Social Media Marketing is big news
finish it! Lol #WalkingDead so much to talk about!!
that's what no-MSG Better Than Bouillion is for.
Dont blame the guys with the whistles. #Sixers played great defense.
And when you're needing your space To do some navigating I'll be here patiently waiting To see what you find <3
I was discussing with how KALE would make a great band name yesterday...we're onto something.
I don't think TARC will take him that far.
RT : We won Best of Expo for Z-CoiL Pain Relief Footwear at newlivingexpo.com! Hurray! They really understand the benefits!
So awesome to be able to return the blessing on skid row today!
"When there is a lack of honor in government, the morals of the whole people are poisoned."
Common sense doesn't often seem to enter into historical interpretation.
Nighty Night sleepy tight wake up with the sunieshine!
Hey guys! My bestie's book comes out next week on November 3rd so go get yourself a copy!!! "Unsweetined: A memoir by Jodie Sweetin"
ohmygod the 'ijever' guy has a store now and is selling stuff???? crazy!
Headed over to the Labor Temple to chat with !
creating a "life book" for a client 22" x 28" with a matching clam shell box. A gift for his new bride. sweet!
so I missed b dubs, meeting Danielle and Sam again, and I can't wear alex's Pennie!...
Yeah #boniver ! Local boy! He looks like a total Wisconsin dork just like he should! Shout out to Eau Claire!
We need big games from...
#winning #FINALLY RT Yes, I'm bandwagoning the this playoffs now that the Blackhawks are out.
Just spent an hour playing with Good stuff. Can't wait for the facebook integration.
$5 Dollar Falafel Day! If you don't know...now you know!
"Embedded librarianship": See community partnerships and Book-a-Librarian svc
so bored someone talk to me
Oh yeah, last night my neighbors were arguing to the point where they were, I guess fighting, and even gunshots were heard. :O.
Girlfriend wants to keep a mouse she found as a pet. I think we're way too liberal.
um don't think so hehe
'Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.' -The Doctor of all Seuss'
um...i dunno...against the law, maybe?
his agents name is Mike McCartney? Confusing
I seriously cannot WAIT to celebrate #FathersDay this year! I'm gonna be spending it w/ some hot ass men! Cc:
All love shifts and changes. I don’t know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time.
I hat how places only ask for the ABDC ICONic Biyz to perform. They are all amazing! It is not fair...
where ya going
I have officially developed a deeper level of obsession for if that is even possible at this point....AHH electra heart <3
I Would Do You So Right ; 1 Chance Iš All I Need ;)
yup. Just a lot of screaming along with CDs in the car hahaha.
yeah I know. Remember that one day we went to a party and Diego was following you and you were making him do illegal shit. lol.
When the internet's so slow that even the advertisements lag #why?!
Gonna try to convince my mom to get tattoos with me this week.
Thought for today: Be yourself. There are enough other people. Keeping it sweet!
oh lol contact my management
Wish I could be at #TheColi with my #Trojan brethren today. Thanks to Twitter it feels a bit like I am.
RT : Latos is looking sharp tonight.
That's terrific! Glad you had a great time.
May have hit your acct limit - 100 MB by default but can be raised by your RW admin. Check with your lib for help w/ that.
Nothing like a six hour flight to Phoenix to close out the work week.
does this make him in contempt of the court order? (walker) resign. now.
Remember we are giving away two tickets to a lucky follower on February 14th. 5 days before the big show
It Got Real In Bayard
It was some lil girls beefn like a mufukka at the mall yesterday tho...
Haha they should be friends.
Starting web design for RandomDistribution.com ready to start bouncing ideas off of Fronz and get things set for the first show recording!
#CIO Quote of the Day: The burning platform is your friend if it doesn’t kill you.
Very..I bookmarked to so I can link people to it later.
I believe the eminem line is fight music not everyday RT I don't do black music. I don't do white music. I do everyday life music.
Merry Christmas all you Twits! Have a safe and Happy New Year, even you #Ravens fans, be safe! Go #Steelers!
RT : It would cost me more in time, stress, & mistakes to do it all myself than the 15% I pay my agent.
We'd love to have you join us! And we'll gladly take your excess food, we need it! Please send us your contact info.
do you even fucking mean it?
Call me #oldfashion but some #titties make any movie better
Happy July 4 Weekend!
it is what it is,,
How'd it go this weekend at provincials?
HOLY FUCK. We're losing to the Wizards?? The #Blazer's season is officially over.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: If you're common law married and then split up, you must have a formal divorce before you're single again.
Doing the Susan G. Komen Race for the Cure tomorrow? Join us for brunch before (we open at 8am) or after! You deserve it!
With temperatures expected to reach 100 this weekend are you ready? Naughton's is here to help. All our stores are open 7 days a week.
The run, TV and paper usually start the day. Twitter...not so much.
Dude, that's not even a question. Take advantage of that opportunity!
I Heard Through The Grape Vine This Is The Date Pink Friday Was Released Is That A #Truestatement Fa'Sho Fa'Sho.
Virginia Woolf~ If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.
follow back please please please?:)
"Read my tweets about having the right skills to master your money"
little sister is so cute :3 I wanna take her home and make her my sister. c:
um hi Twitter how ya been? *stretches*
Heading to see Horrible Bosses. Wonder if it will be as funny as Bridesmaids.
Thank goodness for common sense :)
LOL Loudly RT : And here's First Lady Ann Romney now! | MT What will your last tweet ever be?
Gonna sing with The McCrary Sisters tonight at I'll be doing a song from my cd on called The Chokin Kind..
Gorgeous sunrise for a jog..
Awe. If they really broke up, Justin would be sad right now...
Madhuri Hedge at #ACMGmtg giving good overview of #DNA sequencing including #NGS. Breathtaking to see how far we have come in 10 yrs
Nigga you see where it say #hptheaters ? That's my laptop nigga. Lol.
Nor is it true that austerity will generate growth. I think we've conclusively proven that by now.
ABC didn't pick up !?
Finished regular season 27-10. Not too shabby. Now on to the World Series starting Monday!
#AAMers! You have another 45 minutes to drop by the #AAM2012 exhibit booth #204 to visit the !
Off to school. An awkward day with my crush. Ahh omg. I am so nervous.
aww you guys are getting old!!!
How do you get a mafia family or except invitations
RT : RT we got some google wave invites... you need one? RT this !!
your cool.
So I was thinking about defriending a lot of people on facebook...then I found out defriending led to a double murder. I guess i'll keep em
what are you up to today?
Don't get your hooves in a twist!
Went to Peachwave with Alaina after school today. Had a pretty great time.
The hardest challenge is to be yourself in a world where everyone is trying to make you be somebody else. ~E. E. Cummings
too bad you gave it away yesterday!!! Victoria! Lol
your the best
I'm hoping that you're disproven tonight. Losing to Washington would be real demoralizing.
haha i gotcha, that is too funny!
Happy Monday. A new week for new beginnings. Let your inner allure shine. stay positive and drama free xoxo Vic
"Dreams only come true when the dreamer takes action."
lol It is possible that is what I am talking about!
I'm sayin, I'm sick of sitting at home. I'm tryin to go hambone
Winning is about Lance Armstrong not
Guitar solo!!
Were you able to complete the download? Did you receive an error message? I had to call Apple cust service for help. Works now
OMG im such in deep shit.... someone the flush
what is that? Velvet?
You have to find one of a Canadian beer!
"I like to be in waiting rooms with people as they're auditioning because their terror calms me." John C McGinley (a hint about next show?)
Not sure that's a problem. Even as a FT employee there was nothing much for me there.
I didnt ask for money or mansion in malibu. I simply asked for one more day with you
I saw a "Stop ginger face" sign near my side of the court and realized they were talking about Griffin, not ...
im not the kind of person to own up to something i didn't do
Sweet! I guess we were more trying to find out which one of the new Salvo's? There are 5 different models now… :)
Post an ad on Craigslist
Could the night have gone any better for Trader Ted?
Honestly, my life is a bit TOO drama free.
It's christmas time there's no need to be afraid!!
#40dollars represents helping my mom on a weekly basis that prevents foreclosure on her mortgage
day off! :D
“: Nowadays "cool" means "I really don't care" "sick" means "awesome" and "I love you" doesn't mean anything.”
I like this start for #TheLakeShow way to get the BIGs going.
Pleasant weather made for a good day for some "me" time! Did some purchasing for the Haute Pink vintage collection!
is one of the coldest engineers in the D #salute my nigga!!!
no such thing as a nice futon.
is sleepless in Chicago!!! Second night in a row.
Hard to say, definitely thru the next fortnight or so. Do share your illustrations, too.
#VEEP REALLY is funny as hell. I recommend watching it. I don't know if it will last, but it's hilarious.
Summer is here, it's time to start some real trouble.
Anthony Hamilton on TJMS now
that sucks! did you name it? i broke my little chillum the night before 4/20 :(
T-shirt n my panties on just came on... ^__^
why not make lying illegal? Or adultery illegal? Why not make every sin illegal? You know why? Because God expects us to sin.
got up bright and early to make brownies and do laundry
Good Morning Everyone! Remember today is a different day & end in a better way! lol Hope everyone has a Blessed & Wonderful day! xoxo
Second that one RT : true story! speaking of Horlick...
ahaha, true about many hot guys unfortunately. He can only open to blow. :)
Hollie could have had a moment last week if she sang her 1st choice, "You'll Never Walk Alone", the anthem of Liverpool Football Club
PHOTO SHOOT AND FILMING ON TUESDAY... LOVE THE WORK. THANK YOU ALL FOR THE FOLLOW
Rip Whitney Houston you are a amazing singer and a beautiful person God added another angel to his heavenly choir i pray for her family <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
saw you in a YouTube video for Irish heavy metal. #iareimpressed you rock man
I see two amazing bloggers. In frames by some hot women.
Congratulations to ALL of your success!!!!
my background makes me happy.
awkward moment
Hart Johnson Terry Cahill Cole Parker Lampard Gerrard Young Rooney Wellbeck. Start as 442, end up 4132 and ENG will be home by the 20th.
T Plush. T minus 10 minutes w
You're welcome. Good luck!
is there a cover for your stand up thurs?
Ugh I'm so grumpy today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
To many margaritas. Not my fault I had a Mexicano cab driver.
Thanks for coming in today, Benjamin! We value your business!
Thanks for the like on Facebook!!
Hey what is the April 18 UW Tweeters deal?
Skippin' school is always the best<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Where's my bus?
I think it's time to put Madonna out to pasture, like old yeller.
Enter me into the ATL bracelet comp. Thanks! :)
Mueller: Visualizing twenty years of C with Google motion chart
One of those awesome Honey BBQ Chicken Strip Sandwiches, please!
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust287
can't speak to Seattle much but I live in Portland and love it. Depends what you are looking for I guess
No problem man. Thanks again for a great performance yesterday. I'm definitely a fan now
Chairing a Medicaid Advisory Committee meeting Many updates on health reform implementation.
Thanks for the super shoutout!
SURF REPORT: (Pacific Beach) 1-2 ft ankle to knee high POOR CONDITIONS
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle journey to the center of the titties
Fuck this world & fuck this place.
Easterly Wind gusts the next 30 minutes over 35 to 45 mph in the eastern Metro from St.Paul to the Wisconsin border-lighter winds after 5pm
depends on the homebrew ace
but Im never content on what I have cause there is so much more
Starting the drive to Let's see if I remember how to get there...
My Bloody Valentine?
what time do gates open?
Lil Wayne in a couple!!!
#Celeb News; #Massage Scandal w doing sex acts in a room w a man in detail.
La trip is tuesday can't wait to visit some friends and meet some new ones!
Plenary session of Eye on Earth conference set to begin ....
Enter competitors' name in2precise interest 4 Facebook ads to capitalize on their fans..oh, and test-test-test!
Im sleepy
I needed the good news
haters only hate cause they cant handle all the class<3
Holy shit....time to pull #Yovani before this becomes a joke. 4 HRs in 2 innings pitched so far.
You Would'nt mind If Me and Your Son Went Out, Right? LOL
friend of mine just went, might be moving to Dubai...her pictures were amazing
Bill Gates has given away $28 billion since 2007 and has saved approximately 6 million lives.
Delivering an effective grassroots message at AFP: the private sector funds R&D at universities. Federal grants has been a "narcotic"
I love it when I see someone I despise and they have gotten uglier.
im kinda in my feelings about this foolery right now! -____-
congrats on baby #4!
Destiny is not a matter of chance it is a matter of choice. - Anon
I wanna Roc your body...
Were are you seats going to be?
Is presenting College DUI awareness program
im just curious....I would think they would report just like espn writers would. good interview none the less
Thank you Aria for the re-follow.
thanks for sharing "Kristofferson" tonight at Mike's, and listening to one of my songs! Great to hear your experience.
"Cash in on the Sun. Generate your own #Solar power!"
Your intellect must cogitate, reflect over and over upon the knowledge acquired until you digest, absorb it. Make it your own.
Yep, looks like the "farmer's tan" made its 2012 debut today.
-Top 10 Cutest Girls That Likes My Status . *Make This Hard*xD!
the thing u don't see ppl tweeting pics of their view from their houses by at hotels they do I personally feel like it more
Just saw a guy on a motorcycle, shield up, drinking coffee through a straw. Can't decide - stupid or
And Adam Lambert will be performing on next week's Idol results show. Ah Jessica will meet her hero Adam Lambert
Hate to go against D. Wright but Collins was right to pull him. Brewers would have retaliated (and rightly so BTW).
Topol giving a spectacular talk @
wait, people collapse expectedly? : Andrew Breitbart Collapsed Unexpectedly Outside His Westwood Home After Midnight
#Rupaulsdragrace Time for to steal the show!
Hint: Valentines love homemade cookies. We have all the supplies... including red and pink sprinkles!
Man, I gotta poop. Hate when that happens at a shit hole bar before a rock show. Oy.
thts a joke right lol...the food is horrible
lol :p i wish I knew!
all the dirty birds are cuffed && All the wife material are single. ppl going out this world ass backwards lol RNS
break legs buddy... Does this mean you're union now?
I still gotta find somewhere to go tonight I got a lot of good suggestions but nothing sparked my interest
#toast the YULE LOG 2010!!!
What do you see when the Pillsbury Dough Boy bends over? Doughnuts
For once the Silver Stars can't pull it out in 4th quarter. Liberty win 81-75. Danielle Adams 19 points.
#Nowplaying: Benjamin Francis Leftwich - Box of Stones
good joke
fine and you?
stop it
#AskBieber you're perfection.
A mother be on her grind..
haha yeah i work tens so friday is a day off for me..if only all days where like this. What u up to?
99% sure that was Emma Stone standing next to me at Lobster Place
#mets in trouble #SFGIANTS gunna take this game..
Time for this lakeshow! Let's get this W
Maybe the atheist cannot find God for the same reason a thief cannot find a policeman. ~Author Unknown
Myla put rocks in her pockets on our hike, then dropped them all on the way home. She then blamed Kinsley when she couldn't find them...
This Another Night Out 6-5-12 episode to legit
MKE elites: Have you seen the shiny new elite page? Check it out! (Ahem... click on yr badge!)
Have you taken the GMAT test yet?
Once there was an ugly duckling , then one day she looked into the mirror and realized... she was a swan..
One more day hanging with my mom and flight back to LA.
Well, I can't answer the second, but Johnson went deep.
hahaha Oh well see your face tomorrow morning <U+E405>
Dane County drug task force: 810 "very high quality marijuana plants" worth about $400,000 found by farmer in a town of Mazo corn field.
Happy Holidays from the Dish :)
Everybody needs to #FOLLOW ! She's super cool and has great tweets! (:
i just dont get why teens are trying to grow up so quckly.....
Merch downloads and all the latest on #throughyou at www.throughyou.com
pm @ mpm is pretty great. love the at night especially with
Just downloaded Props on my Kindle Fire so I can watch be amazing a million times in a row.
Unbelievably made it to the airport with plenty of time to spare!
A: We have to change the business model. Successful org's will be low-cost, high-quality.
#100factsaboutme I'm a heartbreaker, but if you break my heart, I'll burn your house down! :-)
We're back at home on Sat., Oct 22nd vs Sacramento at Sam Boyd. Get your tix - call 739-FANS.
also yay, be in touch if you are serious-- a lot of my coming weekends are taken up w/yoga things & I'd hate to miss you guys!
Think you can find a Hot man? Need help in Metro Detroit? Go to "For Women by Women" Stilettos give you the confidence you need!
RT ": Your cousin looks country strong out there. If I would tell him to do anything, I'd say he needs to get lower.
Received 1st graduation announcement from 1st nephew to graduate High School. For some reason I feel older now than I did 2 minutes ago.
Come on , turn this game around...
Caps are finally playing the hometown team after 3 years. Watch out bruins!
(Also: ugh 2 ppl do who prop up the homeless for their own agenda, w/out recognizing their social justice awareness usually btr than most.)
just downloaded on my ps3 guess who isn't sleeping tonight...this guy!
Ah nuts, I forgot to bring white socks to the gym. Looks like dress socks it is :(
its like a jungle sometimes, they make me wonder why they wanna take me under cuuuuz #FatTone >>>>>>>>>
lame niggas be quiet you in the presence of a real nigga
When you havent slept for 49 hours the most disturbing thing to see is your sister coming out of the shower. Without a towel
Security America Mortgage, Inc. Set the VA Mortgage Industry Standards...
lol i should probably be sleep now. RT : Man I hope dis nigga be up when I get off
my wife and I slept in too. We just laid in bed forever and it was great
“: Dumb Niggas Hustle For Hoes ..... Young Niggas Hustle For Clothes....Real Niggas Hustle For Goals. <U+E230><U+E230>The best way to put it
No Shelf Required? No travel required! Hear what has to say about ebooks at our virtual summit on 10/12
Do NOT forget a Thank You card/email after the interview, this could make or break you getting moved forward to next step.
- HAHA Me To
The start to Gamel's steal was pathetic. AJ Ellis should be embarrassed he couldn't throw him out.
yes, I'm ok. Scratched my rim. But I'm ok.
Patrick Young don't hurt em!!!
-- My pleasure, Silvia.
omg! I always wanted to g their, is it fun? :)
hope all is well with your sister and mom
NaLee 341 pages of mermaid Fantasy the beginning of a trilogy Fire and Ice is already out there check it out NaLee2010.com
Its pageant war! #rhinestonegalore RT : no one wants to enter a stupid pageant def not guys
I'm gonna start collecting nail polish when I get the chance.
we would all be screwed.....
Failure is unimportant. It takes courage to make a fool of yourself.-Chaplin
Thanks and congratulations on your years of service!
The first #LIBR046 class is complete. Viva Dallas and #alamw12 and #el12ala!
Girl: There were no slaves in Africa on Prisoners of War.
yeah me too! but re-watching them is actually pretty awesome.
This week I performed as Janice Radway in an impromptu improv of The Dating Game for academics. I did not anticipate that being in my agenda
thanks again for helping me out with my bill! I really appreciate it (:
If I can help you with this or others in the future, please let me know. Looking forward to following you
Jesus Christ
I'm the happiest girl in the world!
What is wrong with this draft crowd? Who boos at every single player that is introduced. New york sucks.
unfucking real. but it isn't over yet. one win from the Stanley cup finals..hardest win to get. #lakings #Coyotes here is to Sunday!
"RUNNING… Just you and the ground. Nothing fancy. No excuses" via
face value of $27 each for sect 115, row a, seats 11 and 12. would prefer to keep them in pair if possible rather than singles.
Follow me cause I'm going places...
Interdependency follows independence. -Stephen Covey
Wow...someone sent it to me....good looking out. Deleted.
thank you. Right back at you! :D
o, these people are awesome.... thank you!
Paint, glue, it's all been ingested! RT : haha been there many a time :)
Berggren for three again and the #Badgers have built up a 6-point lead. 15-9 with 12:03 left int he first
Up can't sleep
whats good fool
The bird outside my window has logged at least 2,000 tweets today alone and it's only 2PM.
3 days = countdown to the arrival of my new camera. Ever been without the resources to pursue your passion? It challenges your
Give us a hint... A morsel...of what the next show is about!
Thanks! RT : I'm digging as well. Healthy Deals, Tailored Meals
TRYING to sleep but Someone over here ! Not gonna tweet who . ! keeps tweeting and all his tweets get sent to my phone haha<3
bobby I'm 5'3" I'm usually around 140...if 135 is too skinny then I guess someone my height and 160 is perfect huh?!?!
My dude I'm faded, faded, faded.
#Rake the leaves on your #lawn and discard them, as they can lead to problems down the road with fungus
hey go here and avoid the crowds on black friday! www.sendittomeokay.com shop and get paid for it!
If this new Tebow trade rumor is true, let's be honest. Do you REALLY think he'd even consider going to the Jets over Jacksonville?!!
I don't vote too much bullshiters, why bother...
shit! I see it every night twice a night! Saw you two tonight walking out. You girls are lovely.
It's obvious 's going out with K guys?
Thank u
Hey! That's my banana!
Peyton has been on both of my favorite teams. Colts and Broncos. We're related somehow
Stuck in the car during exciting tour de france stage. Anyone know how to get live updates?
on my way to pick up my nephew..got turned around.. now on my way to the best store in the world #dependingon which one yhu go to..Ross...
I don't remember you being a cheerleader?
20 percent off #moleskin planners at Lynn's Hallmark on Lincoln. Don't mind if I do.
Or not particularly weird in that mixes of uses common back in the day...e.g., the mid-block store, meeting hall, etc.
lol I thought I did man :P
Old People Think They Can Juss Talk Shit , Then Say "Respect Your Elders" Afterwards .
Looks like you guys have been having FAR too much fun!!
LOLOL AFTER TODAY, I THINK ITS THE ONLY WAY YOU'D UNDERSTAND. >:P “: Don't yell at us”
Woot! Touched down in Minneapolis for #aam2012 after a great conversation on the plane.
I see how it is. How's the view on the right? ;-)
Packers need a center for the future. C Michael Brewster wouldn't be a bad pick here.
thanks hon. That means a lot to me. I'm gonna be back at MC this summer or fall. :)
Just tapped due to popular request, Boarhead Barley Wine (replaces LTD 5)
thanks for the explanation -- and in 140 characters no less :) will dig deeper into the links you sent
WIN a VIP table for our Big Super Bowl party this Sunday !! Follow & RT for your chance!
oh a kangaroo reference?
If you can say "best year yet," each year until you die then you've lived one hell of a life!
The riot scene!
it's nearly...friday, friday, gonna get down and party! chillin' in the backseat ;)
RT Did Canadian hockey team go too far? Ask AP's Greg Beacham during 30-minute chat, 3p EST/ 12p PST TODAY. Use
rofl not worth it
twitterrific! :) thanks so much for doing that!! Did he seem mad at me?
Letras Latinas to co-host Cynthia Cruz, J. Michael Martinez, Maria Melendez and unconfirmed prose writer on 8/16 in mid-town @ Bryant Park
Beautiful sunny morning. . . heading out to a quilt show.
congrats on winning!!! Keep following us for more chances to win during our 12 Days of Free Pizza!
in today's food history: the last remaining Horn & Hardart Automat closed its doors in 1991. It was located at 3rd Ave and 42nd St :(
LEAST susceptible: security tools; ERP CRM; office productivity (really?)
So bummed I don't live in Nashville right now :(
There is nothing better than watching Howard The Duck with people who have never seen it. They are still trying to figure out how it is pg.
so it's you that #Google should be celebrating for showing that G+ may actually have some brand value?
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (727) 474 9988 Call NOW. $69 DIVORCE
already ahead of u might as well capitalize on those idiots … I mean smart biz lady's with a big future lolol
why not? That why there are so many chubby kids now my kids school has a salad bar (k-5) and the hot lunch menu is fairly healthy.
RT : What are you doing for the special woman in your life this Mother's Day?
Are you pimp or limp
It's #never too late to become what you want to be.
Can you tell me what he did?!?! I feel so lost and late!! And no one will tell me!!
Saw the new pictures and you look very stunning! :)
That's how we do #VOLTRON HAPPY BIRTHDAY NIGA
High of 23 today. Get your hat/scarf ready! (finally!)
Glad to be on board!
What is this white stuff falling from the sky???
Leverage the "super connected". Connect to users that supercharge your network effect.
sending threatening look now
My sister made a piece of heaven <3
starting to get pissed off =[
something like that
why that? lol
He had a conversion slide earlier; something like 7% of YouTube viewers purchased through their website.
reminds me to stay strong <3
Crap just sent a text ment for to twitter
kill'em with sexiness!
Phil Mickelson just hit such a crazy shot.
is at the doctor getting her shots. Like, seriously, her shots -- a chicken pox vaccine. Bad idea before grad? Let's hope not...
Yu Clearly Have No Friends So Find Some... Who Pulls Swindles To Get Friends In 2012 ! LLS
It doesn't permanently solve any problems, but it makes thing more acceptable for awhile
it is!!! the chorus is so catchy!
<3333 aww, i feel u boo. U'll be okay tho Maddy. U'll see them soon. I kno u got close peeps in the A, right?
Hospitality & Here We Go Magic. Should be kind of a laid back show. But if nothing else you could come drink, use a free ticket.
If I google "Southport Post Office" why isn't USPS one of the first links that comes up?? Why?! GRR!
thank you! (:
Shoutout To Rut Hockey New Followers - thank you!
Should just pour up and take a drive, lol
#kids A Salute to Leroy Anderson & More: A Salute to Leroy Anderson & More Sunday, May 20, 2012 at 4:00 PM First United Methodist Church...
ha. calls 712 sq. ft. home "tiny." i grew up in 1200 sq. ft. & a family of five. a couple in 712 should be comfy, no?
I would call you an angel, but there aren't any angels as beautiful as you :)
Awesome, will give it a read. Keep up the good work! Happy Friday!
now I'm callin that bluff, big plans are coming undone, that's just typical you're so cynical, you couldn't have me
Fuck swag. All about that chi.
where's my fucking steak?
Making the Printing Industry Affordable For Everyone..Banners,Magnets,Ebook fulfillment,Invoices and much more.....
why must I be all dat? Lol
that's typically true yeah. Although Tiny Furniture was kind of a pilot ;)
Billy Butt Sex! Instant CLASSIC!
Holy sh*t... Wow. What a hit. Thought it was out for a second.
So.. If I do move to L.A. in February.. my mum promised me she would take me to a Picture Me Broken, and BVB concert. ^_^ SWEET.
Flight delayed. Imagine that. C'mon I'm gonna miss my connection.
why thank you...
Pürtelas Sokak. It took me a while to figure out.
Congrats man. Sad to watch your final show tomorrow but looking forward to seeing what's next.
tommy boy!
ok i think i have a pic
I just wanna be up north, laying on my dock, and looking up at the stars.
Portland Timbers up 1-0, at 88th minute, over Kansas City.
Today was the day when everyone realized that The End (of the semester) is Near.
#TheThreeGoldenSisters that are on Access Hollywood right now are hysterical!
Miss you too! See you next year.
hahahaha that made my night
wishing luck (and lots of wrist massages) finishing signing 150,000 copies of The Fault in Our Stars!
Bad news for Carlos Marmol owners RT : Sveum finally considering a change at closer. Names Russell and Dolis as his options.
when is it?
Or use Michelle's invite code!
Remember who votes no on the stadium bill and replace them in Nov.
RT : Delmon Young belts a solo home run in his first at-bat with the Tigers!! Tigers lead 1-0 in the first inning.
The state senate in Iowa didn't want to take up the issue of banning red light cameras. Is that because they get out of tickets?
Hey ,how come tweetcaster shows tweets from 2 days ago when I start app? Tweetmarker not working. Also 2 many force closes.
meet next week?
So apparently there is a couple from England getting married soon. I heard it was kind of a big deal.
The country's greatest minds on Arab politics discussing the Arab Spring>>
Commonwealth Academy enjoyed hosting the Independent Small Schools Athletic Conference finals @ the Charles Houston Rec Center in Alexandria
I was beginning to despair since another keeper is off... Whould've have thought it; Carroll!
I wont give up on us , even if the skies get roughh im givinnn you all my lovee <3
RT : 1st male celeb #Grammys2011 ad = & Degree for Men. Followed by PSA w/Ricky Martin & American Cancer Society
Dam the rain and lightning kicked my internet connections ass )=
Get it! Douglas Kearney reading at the SFMOMA.
What is a man who is handsome, intelligent and sensible, known as?... A rumor! -
Saw a custodian giving math advice to an upper-level calculus student. It's about time people figure out where the real knowledge lies.
DBQ seems reasonablely challenging, choice essays are softballs
You're running Workbench 3?
Hi Amy, I'm just sitting up thinkin about yall, and planing my escape back there...I'm serious...
Every day is better than the one before... :-)
Neither are my ears ; )
This scares me.....and I'm not afraid of anything.
ve your level
Just cancelled Netflix on the eve of rate hike. Rate hike simply forced the evaluation that led to pulling the plug.
What y'all bitches up to?
Fake people <<<<
Awesome time shopping with my wifey #BFFL :))))
O_O RT : There is so much to do Memorial Day weekend. Is anyone going to #BlackBikeWeekend in Mrytle Beach?
- - such a sweetheart!
Don't forget "Eat more fiber." (Maybe that could be #12.)
I've honestly grown not to care if you like me or not. Your problem not mine. Have a good day :]
Jumbo mortgages may be making a comeback, as lenders loosen their purse strings to approve more of the high-value home loans.
You've actually been decent the last couple of nights. This is not a typo.
Let's go take charge Indy! Haha I have no idea behind that but I love Indy so I love horses with Indy names
It is so cute and so tiny! But probably a smooth ride. Drive safe! :)
5 days of work straight.
Starting physical therapy again today
It's Thursday, which they might as well rename "Group Run Day." Come run with us tonight from Phidippides - Ansley Mall at 6:30pm.
Since that card-reading video, I'm ALWAYS walking around saying "AUSTIN MAHOOONE, YEAH YEAH!" (;
Well our old #DesperateHousewives set will be empty I guess soon. No one but you and the coyotes :_). Sad to say... fun set.
Ready for a nap....
I draw a difference between the work and the notion of a field.
Following more arianators when I come back from school this morning :)
Ima go on my account now bye!! -MB
Live tweeting from #AHA2012 session: "Law, Sexuality, and Community: Legal & Popular Understandings of Illicit Sex in 19th Century America"
Global Grind Clothing Banners are ordered!!
RT IF YOU LOVE CHICAGO!
Such a great idea! Chicken Butt looks so happy!
cool! Tweet me sometime! ;)
you're such a emo little fuck
RT : What's the pollution footprint during the build phase of building a passive house? < interesting question
If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?
“: Random thought.. But I don't go back to ex's. They're all gone for a reason.. Reasons that aren't very good.”
Or a REALLY GOOD album name!! LOL!
OMG is following me! Heart!
Every time I get that feeling Bow there it go
on Gotterdammerung. Great Saturday listening!
i just miss my red head when he is gone lol
Studio today! :D Get pumped!!! Guess what songs we are recording
.: Hey guys, glad to find you here on Twitter! Now I can really keep up with what's shakin' downtown! (Think I need some soup!)
Portland Police respond this mornnig to 6th shooting incident since Sunday afternoon. No one hurt. Live coverage on Fox 12.
Adam Sandler has a new movie, does anybody care ? He's gone from the best to the worst.
I wanna see
Who wants to talk
Ah thank you! I've been looking for some like these for... forever. Perfect sassy summer heel ;)
Thank you!!!! Xoxoxoxo
Things will never be perfect
I just watched your TED talk, we couldn't agree more with your approach to building a company around the "why"!
Happy Birthday Ang*!
I GOT A FIRE ASS TRACK READY FO A HOT ARTIST...DM ME A EMAIL SO I CAN SEND IT 2 YA!
oh lord, good luck with that babysitting job!
What a great mission! Keep up the great work
It was a very long day.
d Jayuya,, Puerto Rico y tu
If you can't see the bright side of life, polish the dull side.
After a decade of decline.. 2-3 years wouldn't be that long. Could be competitive next year with one good offseason.
Got out of work early to pamper my car. New battery, oil change and even a bath. I bet I see this Yaris purr after I get her back.
If you're the kind of person who says "that ish cray cray", please stop and evaluate your goals in life.
Actually very very pleased with tonight's
josh_lowry, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Need People to Play in Denver Area Fantasy Football League. Draft will be this Sat. or Sun. Fee is Low. Please send direct message to play
Aww, ok. I'm having dinner w/ Candace () at a place just off I64 about 6:30 if that might work for you instead...
..hard for them, its easier to simply disenfranchise us as if we do not exist at all, because we are 'in their way'...
My faith in President Obama is unerring. I think he is a splendid human being. The job is daunting but he stays steady.
good thing we're cool cats
Castles are very heavy, so putting them on clouds would be extremely dangerous.
Umm... I think my children are fulfilling any sex-ed requirements here in Bangkok.
Allow your mind to be open and free
Today is going to be a good day
When your hair starts to grow back after youve shaved <<<<
#slpeeps Definitely "tweeted". I'd avoid the other word.
i cant wait to watch the reuion of bbw this sunday and monday dont miss it
U'd be perfect! RT : I'd LOVE too
you won't make a shout out on tv stating that I'll be on the radio with you next Saturday! We will be a killer duo no doubt.
Nothing like a robe and slippers after a night of PTA Sock Hop-ping...oy...
Word of the Day:
dont worry chey, I got your back.
I don't even know
any thanks man
Its a wrap from here
Apparently im a fulltime 7u baseball coach! RT : I haven't seen you in a minute. Where you working at now?
lmao people are asking her how big jerry is and im like STOP
The TSA guy just called me 'cutie'. I'm so glad they get to scan my body now.
Home alone is such a classic
A big shout out to Donald Trump & Michael Cohen for overturning petty prejudices that get in the way of Peace and Harmony!
Today I shot the TV commercial, I wore a t-shirt
why do you think I'm a stalker
I know! I am so sorry!
can't stop listening #SaySomething <3 proud of u! :D
and yet is remarkably well preserved ;)
Releasing an update video soon. So, keep an eye out :)
NEW YORK/NEW JERSEY/DMV Artist looking to get affordable movie quality music videos done, feel free to contact us at
Haha RT : #cancers are alluring.. They know exactly what to do to make you want them and lures you into making a move
very true! Im seeing transformers 3
#NP Zapp and Roger - I Wanna Be Your Man
hey le
Tonight is Karaoke Tues! Bring your friends, come on down & sing a song or two. Start @ 9pm, all night happy hour + hourly specials!
Perhaps a scene where they're playing poker and the Jewish friend tells Jobs that he has a straight.
RT : “: Managers: Focusing on your employees' weaknesses provokes them to disengage. Focus on their strengths."
In NY for a show tomorrow. Will be seeing some of our favorite people. That's one of the great things about travel.
Scripture test tomorrow. And I am not even prepared :(
Working tonight at 5. Someone come see me :) and then to Racia's I shall go!
have you ever seen a bunch of working people giggle like children? Get a shuttle and sit back
anybody use ?
Crazy how a little sentance can change ur life
Dorito taco to end off the night great (: now just waiting for that txt!
frozen yogurt time!
morphing right by our very eyes!
When your talented its not a question of 'if', its a question of 'when'
Today is the DMV Study Session 1-2pm @ Newark Now Family Success Center at Bradley Court.
photography was boring
Watching the Pregnancy Pact. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
GRABBING THERE NUTS>>>>
I know
thanks I think we're gonna take her out to eat when I get done working
Y'all didn't hear it, but the POTUS said, "...and I slam it when I'm done and make sure it's broke!" when he finished the speech
Make an emotional connection with your consumers. Offer more than just a service.
I've got my tiara on... We r celebrating today 1 Billion shares using our new Share Button App!!
#cosign QT : but the food is awesome.
even tho my dream of graduating college with a medical degree is different then your dream.You still inspire me to help the world
less than 100 for me to goal...how's your #amwriting?
damn turn up why dont u
If I get to 900 followers by Friday, my Mom says I get a cookie. Get me a cookie.
RT : Server upgrade on Sunday, January 23, 12AM-6AM EST . Sync, web access, and API may be disrupted during this time.
I'm watching TV TOO;) ha you go to bed ha
loved you in that new vagisil commercial. You were excellent!!
Conducted an all day media training 4 a GREAT new sports client today. Email if YOU are interested in media training
Coming into this week, Big Ten teams were just 5-10 in the OSC while Atlantic 10 teams were 2-4. Minnesota and Dayton are helping that...
My 12 year old son and I will be watching from Dallas, TX. Go Big Blue
is looking for good baseball news from the meetings this week.
DrEaMs NeVeR DiE unless you try <3
Damn I love Say Somethin <3 This is going to be my perfect song for summer :)
Cold side of the pillow >>>
those palm trees got more heat than and combined
we want them to keep losing so that Gasol can be available!
Tonight on NBC 15 at 6: A look INSIDE the Porchlight fire damage, hear from some of the hundred residents that spent the night at West High
this is how the end of the semester feels like.....shit
Lots of forward movement happenin today; pitched a book, sent requested copies for lg purchases, & mailed out catalogs to possible buyers.
80's baby but my soul from the 70's
Is "twitcher" ever used in the US as slang for "avid bird-watcher"? I've never heard it.
= a mirror
Now im all stressed out. I'm already in debt over their last tour... How am I supposed to swing this one too?!
Let's talk to
please follow me :)
thanks for following
Haha, -I'm- not the famous one here. Sophie's taking all the glory (and giving a little to my Gordon-Freeman-lookalike roommate)
I just found out someone in my family is a free murderer.
Precisely so. Thanks. :-)
Who want's to text
I KNOW
TMG is a management/production company. W.myspace.com/teammusictracks
Thanks for the #FF Have a tasty weekend!
thanks for RT #Sept11 Berry Berenson Perkins bit.ly/mZND7L Her wedding ring was found on the street months later.
Good Luck in Fayetteville today.. Going for the series win
Just heard from a sound designer who met his fiancé when she stage managed a show he was designing. Now: using QLab at the wedding reception
Hands-on with the Samsung Continuum dual-screen Android phone
WeLoveRianDawson because he is hilarious!
“: The guys I meet at parties are just like Solo Cups I drink out of...disposable.” was thinking more of 'popular'
Justin Bieber kinda looks like a Lesbian girl
You need to get to a computer and put ur profile picture up on here!!!
Watching Anthony Bourdaine stumble down the streets of Lisbon drunk is so ..... so!
hey DM ME
Also, don't gamble with He counts cards.
i followed u bak an i apllogise u dont have 2 follow me if u dont wanna i unsersatn
i love iconic boyz
outlet shopping trip w/ Mary!!
Chicago metra commuting: 1 newspaper reader to 20 mobile devices. Average newspaper reader: age mid 40s and up.
I'm gonna put a curse on you and all your kids will be born completely naked. - Jimi Hendrix
Thank you for today. I am grateful for the learning, growth and love I received.
shid, well hopefully I'll be back down there by the end of this week...
I like how earlier today I was all I wanna watch jumanji and now its on netflix;D
Launched new company Stone Canyon Promotions
Anyone use location-based "social networking" srvcs? BrightKite, Google Latitude, Foursquare, etc? Curious if there's critical mass yet.
Drink peppermint tea before bed to help tame that sweet tooth! It also improves digestion and can help alleviate headaches:)
Boy, that Neal Stephenson sure do write him some mighty big books.
ALL TEENS! TOMORROW THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO! (HUGE GLOW STICK PARTY) DJ PRODIGY AND VALENCIA LIVE!! $10 B4 8PM!
If you're late to the game, Azealia Banks flows hard--definitely going to get big. Check out her song "212" if you haven't.
Bindery Workers Job Description
I am in Naples right now.Been going back and forth between here and Miami since I just had a baby.But I should be there next week
I LOVE the acting life! Hope you are well. Let's film together again soon.
#Chulavista city hall looking pretty empty as employees readying for holiday closure from Dec. 26-Jan. 2.
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true. <U+E328> 35
Right? What a loser 8)
I, no WE your #BelieberFamiliy will be there for you until the end ! because we love you , and everything you do <U+2665>
"I always have your back" Then where the fuck are you now when I actually need you?
I wish you were still on your honeymoon.
What KPIs do you think are most important for web stats?
They're saying the age of eligibility to attend WWDC is anyone 13-17 is that new this year? I could have sworn it was 18+ before.
If you don't like me, fuck you.
SWTOR Support: Try to get put in a waiting queue for an hour, finally make it into one, wait 3 more hours, get disconnected. PERFECT.
Bring it on girlfriend! Snap snap. Which race did you do?
Am I allowed to say the word that starts with "S" and rhymes with Uperbowl? That Sunday, kitchen & bar will be open by 5...
so many mosquitoes in my room, it's not even funny. I swear, if I wake up and I have even as little as ONE bite, imma slap someone.....
Where? At a South Side Goodwill?
did you get the new shots? So excited to see your post!
History does repeats itself game 6 bout 5 yrs ago Heat won the SHIP now its Dallas time
w/ Hightower back due you anticipate a rotation change? Helu blossomed, think Hightower would serve better as a 3rd down rb?
gotta get Uecker on the radio
iiight thanks bro
Certainly doesn't HELP tourism
is so volunteer, it just took someone stepping up - to that end, would you like to build a list o members on twitter?
Just went ham at Nebraska furniture mart
Do u need any help wid sum questions 4 chem? Coz my bro passed his gcses (year11) with flying colours he is the best at chem!!
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?! God damn this whole night has been a huge disappointment.
what's inspired such a radical change?
sleep is mandatory at this point.. goodnight, twitter.
Hey u definitely are Mr.VIP VEGAS. Visiting Vegas hit RW up, he's truly the best with people an knows everyone!
we are lurching in the Kickstarter room! Join us and we will seek food
it's going to be a long weekend.. I barely made it through that game! LOL!
Is any good at golf??
Question. Do you have a favorite New Orleans non-profit? If yes, we would love to know what it is.
25th Anniv. of WA Wilderness Act! First 25 people to renew/start $35 membership get free book Defending Wild WA. Email
Listening Ends With You- By: .OMG it is such a cute song LUV IT you have to listen to it
My kingdom for a kingdom<---I am pretty sure Muammar Gaddafi said that
get me with the
Bitch please. My straightner is hotter than you.
So angry today, which is very uncharacteristic for me.
congrats you deserve it<333
Bryan Adams is fixing to start. Oh, the anticipation!!!
Dear guy on the dance floor 'raising the roof', your not raising your chances of being laid.
We've both climaxed....its Over Now !
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: No matter who you call family, we wish you and your family the warmest most loving holiday & New Year ever.
May Andrew's voice live in all of us who value Liberty! Take up his mantle and continue his fight, my friends. Bless you, Andrew and RIP.
Enhanced security inside courtroom. 4 Travis Cty Sheriff Deputies just at the door to courtroom. 2 guarding the gate to prosecutors/defense.
Craving a red velvet cupcake..
Wrote a poem yesterday for the writersdigest chapbook challenge...yeah baby I'm so proud of me
physical location, using Harvard's distant off site storage and sever farm as an example. Possibly as a rhetorical device, but.
Just tuning in. I see my #Bulls are handling business so far. Let's close it out fellas
The odds for best actress are between Meryl and Viola: I choose Michelle Williams.
The longer I live, the more I realize the impact of attitude on life.
Been listening to this Lecrae Mixtape all day.
I dont have to stereotype and be racist because black people got that covered already
The #Yankees are losing badly, my final sucked, and I wanna smack my brother in the face. Sounds like a fun night.
I had to make the assumption that you were around a lot of black people... Which one are you at?
Choose your allies wisely......it's a war outchea!!
Happy Tuesday!! Its a BEAUTIFUL morning here in Houston, Tx. and we here at Lonestar Delivery and Process wish all of you a GREAT day!
What do I do with my hands
Good morning!! How many Black businesses will YOU support today?!?
No nerves though, just excitement
yeah I love that song so much. <U+2764>
If God had intended us to drink beer, He would have given us stomachs
I wonder if Yahoo can return him and get a full refund. Maybe from Paypal.
M.I.A. and Nicki:don't let Madonna kiss you.She will drain the force right out of your body.
I had to follow you when I read your little bio.
We text 24/7, but when we meet, it's so awkward
I'll do anything at this point. I'm so fucking stupid, what's wrong with me? :/
Specs and even storyboards miscommunicate. via Michale Allen
Follow my instagram
I wish my boyfriend would come home.
thanks bruh you'll be soon no doubt
I discovered last night that I can't get the CW on FiOS in Maryland. Looks like it's a retrans fight reaching back to December. Irksome.
hey do u have a game today at Weston?
Haha okay ill get right on that!(:
i will never understand why someone would be happy to be a #1 Heat Hater
Tonight's is a lot of fun.
I'm heading to an event stuck in traffic on 90 and I look over and see a guy playing the harmonica while he's driving! That's a first!
my ideal career seems to be: nomadic goat herding in the desert (aka Midian life sans being destroyed by God)
becuz she said he is always talking crap about her. So she is annoyed. lol.
are you good with your #productcampSTL presentation idea?
We're having 'real talk,' according to Man just made comment that convo based on 20yo book is misguided.
Three cheers for day!! cc
Cracked and bought a pack. Broke my eleven day streak.
don't kno #oomf all that well...but part of me realllyyyyy wants to... Haha
Just got done ballin
I love relationships that the couples arnt just eachothers lovers but r eachothers bestfriends u can talk about anything and etc
Got VIP passes for 2013!!
Hope u are having a great week x
R.I.P Whitney! You had an amazing voice but if it wasn't only for them damn drugs
Today was a wasted day :P
You can put your snowmakers away now. =)
GO RED!!
: Hi Julia -- I'm trying to understand better how Sulia works and want to discuss ways we could work together. DM me?
Tired of these lonely nights..I just realized. While everyone else is always out, I only get invited if I get them in VIP or a private party
he's mine
The alarm going off then turning it off to go back to sleep>>
Why is this taking so long?
“: #Libra's only like to wear the best clothes.”
Good tip Kim. Technology has the marketplace evolving so quickly that it's often difficult to keep up.
holy moly today is frustrating... ready for it to be over..
Thanks for the follow.
The lightbulb thing is already an eye-rolling joke to most Americans.Same with algae,the Volt,and solar.They see the sanctimony.
Join us 8 to 11:30 Saturday for the very best in local food. Have breakfast with us while you are at it.
I think that is accurate. Maybe in practice it's not borne out but I think that's the gen. rule.
sometimes its hard to put on a smile when you feel like breaking down on the inside
done with my work for today.... about to start on my work for monday..
Many of our locations still have venues available for Holiday Parties, have you booked yours yet? Contact your fav location for more info.
legit. What do you have left from the spring line? We're taking some new promos so if you wanna get in on that let me know!
email to - minister music/director, church address, phone and email. thanks!
Comparing tebow to Cunningham, ArchieManning and Tarkenton - ok, none won any SBs, so I see your point there Phil.
are you in SA ?!
So what is the role of educators in cultivating mindfulness? How/when/where does it happen in academe?
beliebeeerss!! FOLLOW & cause they follow everyone BACK!!
And I just turned the heaters on <3 those bitches will never leave.
A big #followfriday to She's new to twitter, very smart, and lots of fun. Let's make her feel welcome!
Mary Kate & Ashley Olson on this episode of Sister Sister. OMG! 90s overload!
Pickup trucks on I-19 turn Tucson's trash into treasure in Mexico - Inside Tucson Business Pickup trucks on I-19 turn Tucson 's trash int
Is that official? I heard he has applied to both CM and BCH and Denis Tobin said he is not enrolled there as of yet.
The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled. Plutarch
Oh, well, yes, I always forget some people have allergies. Sorry. :(
same here i cant stand my hair tie right now it hurts my head and gives me heaaches!!):
Well that's enough work for one day, I'm out. Looking forward to some following and followers tonight if the wife don't piss me off too much
Yell khadafi in the hallway at school and watch how mony people turn around and cover their buttholes
get rid of your egg
this new ti song is horrible
Its about to go down
Austin-bound to install for ! Don't worry, I'll eat plenty of breakfast tacos for you if yr stuck somewhere less awesome :)
That was Nelson's tweet congratulating the other two, I believe.
Unless you are being facetious and I am just dense.
yeah a while ago. Lol its cool to finally be on good terms with everyone haha.
oh no! Just wait till they eat solids! AHH the joys of motherhood. hang in there.
The Ending of the New Girl finale was amazing!
girl people talk about people regardles Can't make anyone and everyone happy. As long as your happy that's all that matters
Man does not live by bread alone. Moses
So many cute girls from high school have married really funny looking dudes. They probably have money or something.
heading to MSK arena in Eugene for Beaver shootaround. Civil War tip at 2pm.
If you aint homeless or poor, then don't ask can you have some of my food BIOTCH!
that is English, but this isn't
last time I quoted my liberal clergy friends screamed hehe
Groupie Bitches <<<<
"I'm the exception." "You are my exception." Ugh, why can't it be that simple.
Come undone, surrender is stronger. I don't need to be the hero today...its all for one love<3
is it 830 yet i want to watch #prettyinpink - i guess #coneheads will do for now
Try not laughing, but when you think somethings funny say "Hah hah" without laughing.
": While I appreciate the shoutout i'm actually at the department of the interior" MY MISTAKE!
Damn, just remembering them days when $20 wouldnt even fit in your gas tank, now that will barely get me out the driveway. SMDH
Homework sucks
Gucci mane suppose to been made another song wit Jeezy
Rocking some side boob in honor of . I miss him.
Get at me homie!!!!! Lets chop it up. Dunlap.
#glee Yay! They won!!<U+E415>
right, when considering aggressive vs. moderate driving, i was thinking more along the lines of the terrain
Home Sweet Home. Had fun
Wow. New iPhone 4S is going to make the Chicago Cab Fare so much better!
the person on the sound boards on unemployment in... 3... 2... 1... bummer
Thanks for following! :)
I can do Thursday!
more like nets and raptors
#inaperfectworld greed would never constrict information.
all of it! Had the meat a cheese plate. Dozen oysters. The sausage stuffed peppers were amazing! Kinda want to back today.
Keep it censored sweetie... #subtweet about your
He sounded like a dying cat
Anyways, about to watch Jedgar.
they left this morning...
Thia rain makes it smell like spring in the
i hate when they finally have fries in the caf and there's no ketchup..
Last day of St. Henry tomorrow.
shall I bring you some coffee? ;)
#scarymovierulestoliveby if a pet acts weird, pack up all your shit and leave right away. Don't ask "Is something wrong?" Assume it is!
"Men of courage, men of sense, and men of letters are frequent; but a true gentleman is what one seldom sees." - Sir Richard Steele
Just caught the end of 'Marley and Me' on cable. SPOILER ALERT: The dog kills Owen Wilson & Jennifer Aniston in the final scene.
Thanks for the follow! Have a great weekend.
UL's Mike Marra gets 38 points for his dunk.
You go wild thing.
Good luck to all of the contestants competing in the Arkansas International Pageant this weekend!
I love Timothy Busfield .
#JulietAnUnPopular sold 19 books the month of it's release. March numbers to be announced soon!
#DesireThursdays what desire do you have for your own Mama this week? How will you honor her?
Full from goodies! Omg I need to stop! Lol I'm getting bad:)
- Thanks! I would welcome any feedback on the "orphan works" white paper and/or thoughts on how proposals would affect writers.
Another beautiful, cold(ish) sunny, morning in Pittsburgh. This WI girl is getting spoiled by this weather.
People like I annoy you, then, I´m sorry ;P
props to , he made it onto a slide at
Wow. Very fortunate. Listening to Brandi Carlile. Next up with the Symphony. Wow.
I like #boys who can dance! RT if you feel the same!!!! :D
I'm going to create a new block print to submit.
#NZWineDay is LIVE online! Tune in at facebook.com/kenmore
You're welcome! Great meeting you last night. Tuesday night Old Miami, I'll be coming around soon.
Oct. 27 @ 702 Fearless Fearless, Save The Hero, Almost Normal, Fear The Brave, Amoride, $10
you're too cute! I love that noise too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Jon Budmayr is at Mayo Clinic this week to get a second opinion
You own a machine. Each time it breaks, there stands a technician wearing one wooden shoe begging for your current technician's job.
Dog walkers needed! Stop in and apply today!! :)
still time left
Moss always looks great in practice because there's no adversity in practice.
Thanks, girl. I am going to be singing the "Think happy thoughts..." song to myself.
Romance,love letters,kisses&hugs...#ThatsWhatIWant <3
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to following more closely the news in your reporting area. Cheers.
Liz defines flawless. Her amazing voice & beauty & talent &inspiration is what keeps me going. I will never stop supporting my rolemodel<3.
this body's closed until further notice, wondering to close will get you nowhere fast.
You are building another Ranch? But this time it is made from butter and/or cheese? :-)
were you the daughter...this called for a woman with a 17 year old daughter...
check out some of my music lemme kno what you think
so happy now that my wifi finally works
This nice weather is an illusion
There are no options to insert your own text or picture into an ad anymore.
hy did u like the video
Celebrate the holidays w/ Kona Pipeline Porter. A true face-ripper.
Very exciting SAG national commercial audition on Wednesday!
I follow back like a boss
RT : Leading isn't always glamorous. You have to be willing to do it when it is hard and thankless.
I can give Pinterest invites if anyone @ #smbootcamp wants one now.
preTTY MUCH EXACTLY SAME
I'm just gunna say Harry is so much better than the other members of one direction..so yeah
Movies with joys <3
all gifts definitely acknowledged, larger gifts get hand written note and/or phone call.
why are all your guys friends hot? Share please
yeah I'm on my way there now ... You?
Time to snooze0;)
Figures on the day of my exam our nice weather would go away
Sounds fun!
and that whole marijuana crackdown, gotta stop yesterday...
Everybody!!! Go watch and support YouTube videos! This could make them less likely to be removed!
ECM in Iowa is wishing you a great St. Patrick's Day!
thank you! I love Fridays too :)
New shipment of "I survived a night on the Party Bus" t-shirts just arrived! Get yours while supplies last. www.okcpartybus.com 447.2446
Had dinner at Bully's East in San Diego. Was as good as the food we photographed there. We'll definitely go back.
Marvin Gaye &' Chardonnay :-)
heading off to Shea (i know...citi field) for Mets v. Yanks, GO METS!!!!!
Attending #hfes2011? Hop on over to booth 22 and check out SMI’s new #eyetracking glasses!
Let's Go Yankees!!!!
Follow back :)
you are my guacamole savior.
It's a pretty good today :)
#TheVoice is so fun to watch. Love how engaging this show is.
I'm just being myself, seeing where life decides to take me.
Authenticity is about being tru to who u are. Even when everyone else wants u to be someone else – Michael Jordan never forget
Dang... on the way to relax and got booted. lol..
I'm disgusted with myself.
of course, there has to be undergarment consideration. She nay want #vintage style? So many plans
"I'm going to write a song about my son to get pussy" - every modern rock singer.
yup, have you compared the two?
Just phone-ordered 15 yards of fabric for my wedding dress from Mood in LA. Boom.
Get rid of Ann Curry, have smaller/shorter segments.
More like a Champagne Supernova. Just celebrating Arsenal securing 3rd in typical fashion.
It is because of that I know of check him out Missoula friends 11-4-11 at the Wilma! Amazing ya'll!
Liberty is useless if you're not healthy enough to exercise it.
Yoo! Be sure to spread the word about our HUGE upcoming single release!
That's awesome :) and you looked stylish doing it.
Stomping the last bit of life out of the Cards :D
My pleasure
Winners want to win. Losers want to lose. This mentality explains why you're a Jets fan!!
I kno u'r not:)_ looks back at you^_^
capitol hill has some GREAT yardsales!
when should we have our Josh movie night?<33
your still on my fantasy basketball squad lol
Think of it like Santa Claus: We know when you've been sleeping; we know when you're awake...
did you guys change your pumpkin latte formula. I ordered one today - and it didn't taste like pumpkin at all
Idiot savant of a ballplayer.
Good morning egg whites turkey bacon and oatmeal!!!
Now the most pressing work left for me this afternoon is to sit by the window and watch the tumbleweeds tumble.
YES! You are my new BFF. Is that tat new or is the red the tint on your camera?
Hunger games premiered tonight wat did u think??
Alrighty & I threw up tool descrip & pilot project topic + sources
Hockey Hall of Famer, Patrick Roy, won two Stanley Cup championships each with the Canadiens and the Avalanche.
what benefits have you seen for yourself?
Must be tweet watching... As usual
He just called me Big Head -.-
SCT Study Away Programs now on Twitter! London Spring deadline is Oct. 1st.
*sigh* Sometimes people just bewilder me.
Johnny V delivers a $44 winner in Belmont's 5th race. Another carryover perhaps??
zoo story tonight at 10. it's a story about a zoo. i think.
Education spending should be the LAST thing on the cutting block. Churches are afraid of schools stealing their community power.
thats wass up! Im getting the car and going to prom ! xD
Robert Downey Jr. is attending George Clooney's fundraiser for Obama? I thought he was a Republican.
I believe it is between Florida and UK for Bennett
everyone call 18888367603 and vote for #tad <3
It`s a beautiful day! w.nathanseth.com
my mom knows just how to piss me off.
jealous of your hair
I saved a frog today! it was dying in oir driveway so i brought it to water and made it a home. his name is pebbles(=
Chicago is gonna be crazy due to #NATO this weekend.
"Don't use the purple ones bro! My dick is still on fire!" ---- the brother of my lover, after using Trojans fire & ice condoms on me.
Hope they all get to see the scrolls! RT : Did you know that 5.5 million visitors visit Fort Worth annually?
If I have to pick one....probably Song of Myself...it's the longest and most epic. A couple other ones probably come close.
stick it to tha man bby!
Cool. Thanks for the info!
Greetings to Germany!! :)
Hopefully we get to see that feud and match.
Fuck niggas, bitches too. All I got is money, and this'll do.
yeah! :D
Anybody in St Paul nursing a hangover from yesterday? If so, I'd love to come talk to you got my story! C'mon, it'll be fun.
“: Eli Manning's #SuperBowl Performance Raises Public Opinion Of Him From "He Sucks" To "He Usually Sucks"” Go team!
It's officially my favorite month !!! ^__^ hehe
Painting, drywall repairs, mouldings and much more. Call Mr.D's for all your home renovation needs. 619-562-5848 or www.mrdspainting.com
. Hmm, a pool? Might be bad form to talk about it here at the service, but my money might be on
well OK best short film, even michael bay could probably only stretch that to a half hour
Watching switched by birth !!!!!!
A life without cause is a life without effect.
#Messe de Minuit #Etro which I love! Smells like moss and Base notes of incense,orange,bergamot. Think #mozarts #Don Giovanni
bring em all!
thinking about starting a video blog titled "the ranting reverend" because wearing a clergy collar seems to make you an authority now days.
I am an unstoppable force,I move mountains, mountains does not move me...
yes sir!
Today in Literary History: Victor Hugo, author of "Les Misérables" and "The Hunchback of Notre-Dame, was born in France in 1802.
I hope THIS vegan calzone finally makes the grade.
Was Garnett given a technical for hanging on the rim like a damn fool? He should have.
Shout out too the prolific pot smoker!!
it's nice to work through logic in the process of tweeting. Truly a therapeutic and productive medium
The excellence of a gift lies in its appropriateness rather than in its value
Hey hey hey this is Alexander Miller aka Daniel Triton! I voted for ! He's an awesome, fun guy!
I finally figured out the only reason to be alive is to enjoy it. -Rita Mae Brown
haha I can't wait until I can start goig to the pool again lol
about... That dude.
Laughn at TeVontae drunk ass he tlking bout a damn burger nd some potatoes like wth
loved your review of Derby bar!
Yes ! Joelle is through !
RT : Well, at least our moms think we're the best of the Twin Cities. #botc // Think again, boys.
Let's go Mavs! Let's smash the gas on these boys! #DAL vs
Congrats to all the graduates.
follow me please :-) <3 '
You leaving Cleveland to go be Wades bitch,stay in Cleveland where we love ya , not miami so you can have big names to help win
It's official! I'm on twitter! Now I gotta figure this thing out.
Love my new followers
Really trying to hit up BWW this week tho'
damn that's not bad..
If you are looking for a pity party I am not the person to text.
word, you know what school you trynna hit up or whatever?
Bebe i miss you :) & lovers you with all my corazon
Thanks for the tweet. That's a good one.
LOVE YOU JUSTIN
is the warren coach getting fired?
On Deck: Dirty 30 Birthday Celebration. Bring on the Band!
Love is a gross exaggeration of the difference between one person and everybody else.
BREAKINGNEWS----Petrino to coach Saints, beginning Monday
Come on #NYR!!!!! PLEASE WIN!!
gobbleygooker doesn't count as "he" never had a match. But that was a LAME Thanksgiving surprise they served up in 1990
Watched the 2 hour season premiere of #TerraNova and calling it a night. Good night all! ;)
World go boom
Nice to meet you!Heard from Tamir the other day.Yeah,he's a great teacher-and a great friend,too!Love him and Sherry dearly.
your gonna love it it's amazing!
The Office of the Registrar is LIVE on Twitter! Follow us for important deadline reminders, enrollment updates, and much more.
A few minutes before first pitch here at John Adams Middle School ... JM vs Century baseball updates coming up.
find us at facebook.com/morelikethemovies and myspace.com/morelikethemovies. Check out the new acoustic ep "if only" and stay updated!
Nah, but I do enjoy the little balls of textured butter.
single life ...
loved the new video! Everyone watch!
This day just keeps getting better ;)
did you ask for tall socks advice?
Yeah I recently fell in love with Neil Gaiman so I'm looking forward to reading it. And DUH I will totally be there!
A+ Modern Family episode tonight
are you feeling a little overly emotional tonight?
14.I love music
takes me back to advanced philosphy in college...especially reality and subjectivity.
Fahhhhhhkkkkk Im Drunk!!!!!!!
Is it wrong for me to like C.J. Watson...he's still a raw talent, but I think he could become one of the best backup pgs in the league
Television ... facing the same path to obscurity as the land line.
Honey-Nut Cheerios for dinner. That's livin'.
:D you know shanas fringe queen shirt? i know where she got it! urban outfitters! couse i was there yesterday and i saw it! :o
Father who deserted family was tortured soul, admits Martin Clunes: Martin Clunes, the actor, has spoken frankly..
It's the small things in life that count, like knee-high Christmas socks
Physically and mentally drained
seismic disturbance
Sounds delightful. Did it rain the entire time you were in Cali?
Your Welcome! You have a really cool Bio! I like your portraits of pets.
#twitter freak<U+2661><U+2661><U+2661>
aw shucks, thanks:) It's just a great script!
Now following and looking forward to the inappropriateness!
#PilatesDay is Saturday! To celebrate, we are offering a FREE Mat Class at 8am to our clients. It's our way of saying #ThankYou!
mad men commercials can mean only one thing... don draper is on the way
Tomorrow will be 3m 24s longer, says weatherunderground.com. To me, that means way more daylight shooting time.
do you have a celebrity crush? tell us
bored. D:
Need to learn how to multi task. I'm either all over Twitter, or all over Facebook. More importantly, I should be writing. :/
That's not as much fun as crashing it. I like living on the edge. I'm a loose cannon, a maverick.
Now that he plunked Bryce Hot Dog Harper, Cole is okay in my book. Not that it matters but there will be no more Princess chatter from me.
Who's going to a show for 's tour this summer? Hollar at me if you're going to the Chicago show in August, cause I'll be there!
well time to start untaging myself from all the ridiculous prom pictures
That said, I would still rather take Welbeck and Sturridge to the Euros than Defoe and Crouch but we know that won't happen.
Sometimes when I think how good my book can be, I can hardly breathe. Truman Capote
. invested in for-profit NeighborGoods because they saw its potential to connect ppl and potential application to its work
Haha kay I will! :)
watched like 4 episodes in a row the other day and thought the same thing.
yea it sucks, but thank!(: I really like pink and purple(: haha
watching double dry socket get filled. Not nearly as fun as your day.
that is a monkey and nyan cat is flying right above us
RT Girls want to look perfect for a bunch of guys, but a woman only wants to look beautiful for one man.
He should have known.
Lolz...Herbal Breast Augmentation Products Studies? S Club 7 Lil Kim
I think it will!
Just Deleted ALL DM's I've been sent and had sent out, even before today.
that's for sure i went soo hard i couldn't make it through their whole set. speaking of tbs, what was that one song called?
Montreal got this far as USL team.
Annoying moms.
Mentally preparing myself for my 2nd 5K tomorrow night.
just had that a couple nights ago. Nice!
and then after that we can have a jack off contest and see who wins that.
Thunder in 5
haha yea pittsburgh is the shit
Don't envy other's success! You have no idea what past hardships or present struggles they've had to endure to get there.
ratchet kids
Man I am so sleepy I was sketching and drifting off. been a long day for this old man.
Play it loud!
followed (: where in Florida do you live?
are the top 15 BFD bands gonna be announced on soundcheck tonight?
If it doesn't involve baseball or other sports, I am not a reporter. Come on, family. You've known this for 20 years.
Sometimes, it's just too hard..
All I took during my last visit was a gown. Hollie wins.
I did the red hawk, so youll recognize me
what's up with a follow
says MAX Blue/Red Lines have returned to servicing all stops. Riders should expect some delays as regular service returns.
That's what everyone keeps saying!
Oh, , you give me such great free stuff. How did I ever live before you came along???
If we're driving and Bohemian Rhapsody comes on the radio, we will act out that scene from Wayne's World. NOT NEGOTIABLE
Welcome back from Spring Break!
Under this studio rock for the remainder of the week with these interesting humans>>
please follow me?<U+2665>
thank you for this. I have been exposed to "reality" TV on vacation, and I was letting it get to me.
has a waiting list? I feel so left out.
"RG3" may have an arm, but he can't use it when he keeps getting sacked
Working on new flavors now Clint but want to make sure they are perfect for our Moonshiners. Stay tuned. Shine responsibly!
i have the best family ever!!!!
Wait. Is tonight's American Idol the finale? And THAT'S their finalists? That's just sad.
I wonder if had a Lisa Frank filter. #ArtsTech cc:
The subtleties of human decency - - Character & Decency -- still matters. It always has and always will.
It's a warm one today! Don't forget to drink plenty of water and wear sunscreen!! What will you be doing to beat the heat this week?
Trust only what you drink, nothing else.
Too funny. Saw a woman this morning w/a pair of peach color denim & chambray shirt. Looked great, but she was also size 0.
I was there for that!:b
had leftovers of the food I made last night it straight hit me with the mean itis I was knocked
Lol I'm terrible. I gives no fucks.
I'm so sore. Agh
It smells like a nursing home in English class.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Just watched THE SENTINEL, one of the most bizarrely star-packed cheesy horror movies of the 70s.
Okay, serious question: how old is Jose Contreras? Guess...no looking at baseball reference either, even though it's probably inaccurate.
that's for sure!!
“: hahahaha love u sessy :)” see she knows whats up bye hate u but love u lissa
ok; fine
Happy Friday, Cheyanne! Hope you're doing well!
Trying to decide what color I paint my nails is constantly a problem
Doing nothing tonight. Hm.
It's Friday!
What makes a man want to break apart with ease? I think I know. I think I might know.
Thank You! I must say this is one of the most beautiful and comprehensive museums I have ever been too! Rivals the Miro Museum
kathee leah is srsly like dancing to one direction and she has a crush on niall and says shes gonna marry him and have his babies shes 6
Great Sat. in the Mile HI City
Ba-zing.
watch it
RT : All Purple Cafe's have a special Mother's Day Brunch Menu, Lot 3 is rolling out new Brunch Menu & Barrio: $6 Cocktails
PROUD OF AUSTIN MAHONE :)
People would rather "jump into" knowledge. Don't give me a course on driving when all I need is to get to airport.
Love Tom Sleigh's poetry so shout it out! Thx Nathan for tweeting out.
those are some anti-archival high acid materials. Just had a glass of 07 Dilemme CDJ which I will pair with a nap.
Watching Once Upon A Time from the beginning
Refuse to go to the last two classes
Hey Harry, I Just Love how your so funny and sweet........... One Direction Rocks!!!! Please Follow Me...
Today seems like an excellent day to go to the casino.
Super crappy headache today. Gonna take the pup for a walk and clear my head when I get home.
did the D8 codebase start as a copy of D7, or is it a fresh codebase with just a couple of new files?
Beth Moore tickets on the wheel- NOW @ Chik-Fil-A on Paseo!!
Did Chris Webber just say that when he hears In the Air tonight, you know its game time?
back and get my associates as a medical assistant.
Random being nice
next time? i think.
Can we get to 600 followers today? I interned under him in 2007-2008 and, I promise you, he's funny.
You must be at the last 10 mins of #wojm (I listened to it bout 10 minutes ago.)
Three Thornburg Mortgage Officers Charged with Securities Violations
Stepping on new territory <U+E536><U+E252>
I might hit wildsplash just to medicate the crowd.
I hear about that all the time,whr is it?
Hawaii friends! Check out Wendy Perkins of NPR fame tonight @ 5:30 @ the ground floor, it's her first showing of "Faces" her Hawaiian series
I think you're right!
Thank you!
Im going to a dance thats cool
First place in May.
FU North Carolina. I check my spending closely. No $s of mine go to bigots. I'll spend extra $ driving around not to even pay your tolls.
& taking part in a milestone in the life of a "True Live Princess" 05/26/12. I can't wait! This is history!
True love is when you are far away from each other and no one can take your place.
We do see neurological involvement more often than not at any stage of Lyme disease.
bummer :( speaking of next week, does monday work for you instead of Thursday?
Begging your mom to buy you a ticket to 's concert, then remembering you don't live in New York..
Is something wrong with drinking
Well that was predictable
Some cunt just beeped at me and scared the shit out of me. Go fall out of your jeep
We got to 100! #Thankyou! You like us...you really like us!
Do you know if we are allowed to use our 10x10 tent frames to set up for the show tomorrow?
hard to find costumes that make me look shorter, and can't pull off his scream. Other than that, good idea
Are you using Google+ yet? It is amazing!
I'm loving the new organic kale salad in PB produce section. Thanks! Can you please get more organic dressing? Not a GMO fan
RT : Today is National #Cheese Fondue Day! A delish and gooey way to get a dose of #Calcium :)
What's up my boy just starting to get into this twitter shit boss!
titelles room is too dirty for me to share any ways
Yo Udoka - you're the Seattleite I met at #ignitesf last night, right?
Mhm im in the christmas mood time to get under the mistletoe out..!
You ugly, you black fucka
driving hour ;)
WORK AT HOME TIP: Do not compare your business to others. Your business is unique and so are your successes.
The #Brewers better not lose to The Fathers tonight
yes it's peters line haha
Just saw Allen Iverson at Cumberland today.
sorry if im evil to you today. im in a bad mood..
so where r u
Wu Tang and Magic Cards.
Strange Brew!
Just left memorial service for former MGM CEO Terry Lanni. Coverage tonight at 10 and 11.
omg me too! I have this + a huge box of korres stuff ordered a month ago I have yet to try! #product.hoarder :)
Obligatory post about the relative warmth and lack of snow in Indiana etc.
put your hands up in the air. put your hands up in the air.
same... >.> the only cute ones I have were SUPER FRIKKEN expensive
SD County #ClimateChange Plan backslides on GHGs after 2020. Telling Planning Commission Friday at 9am (5201 Ruffin rd) to make it better.
We're deciding movie time tonight. It'll probably be post- happy hour.
#savethedate 11/12, a 2for1 event: the Grand Opening of the Brookland Lofts as part of a Gala Fundraiser!
Yea that's definitely true. It's especially difficult when the system itself is against him. We'll see what happens at Tampa.
Where should you go if you need to replace your old lenses???? ;-)
not super awful, so hoping it's just severely bruised. it's getting colorful but not very swollen.
Hahahaha! They'd never believe me if I just said what I saw. I swear my life is a movie
I worry whether God hears my prayers or not. I cry teardrops of my worries. I am careful and carefree...
"sometimes we let perfect be the enemy of good." Food for thought
For anyone still awake we will be podcasting tomorrow night at 8:30pm EDT.
Divine cooperation and synchronicity are established in my consciousness, my experience and my expression.
That is such a weird, powerful story. Glad your students were engaged with it.
Its been ugly but hanging in there.
Nothing really just being bored out of my mind and tired!!!:|
I've always found Guérin an interesting thinker on this subject.
You didn't care.. You never did. I can't believe I fell for it.</3
im right here!!
CCD ? << Omg i take that class at #church Thursdays!! I'm getting ready to be confirmed in May :D
Found this Dave Matthews quote in old notes: "It's not like the death of the record company is gonna kill music. It's going to kill them."
Um... Yeah, I dunno why, but Im crying from laughing so hard because Im reading 's tweets.
#Shakeitupfact Bella Thorne is actually i real blonde she dyed her hair Red to play the character of Cece Jones
No comment should be necessary
": you launching??? That logo hard!! That's ur shit?" <<< yea that's me!! Preciate that too my nig. I still gotcha!
~ Dislike! How about You?
I know what you wanna get on........oh
calm down lady!! :)
~Author UnknownIf you want others to be happy, practice compassion .
I know the feeling! RT : We stayed up way too late, pretending to be teenagers. It doesn't work so well in your thirties.
You're not going to use that old 'For Rent' sign like your grandparents did back in the day. Are you?
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research.
Hungry aafpg!!!(as a fat pregnant girl)
What's wrong with Humby?
I see, so we'll be tweeting all weekend long then... Lucky Miss I'm
very very sweet. Thank you for being there!
One thing I love about TED Talks is their tight focus. It doesn't matter if you're Bill Gates or Bill Clinton. You've got 20 minutes.
Be there 4 me when I need u & not when I want u....
#TeamBoB.. what's this on my PANTS, PANTS, PANTS!
TD passing Perfect pass.
I love being one of the five kids that came to school
I really should be tired..
on a scale from sufjan stevens to early bright eyes, how sad am i?
Just arrived at the DLD-Dinner in Palo Alto - looking forward to an interesting evening!
Wordpress needs to learn to recognize "Janeite"
Hey guys let's get some #FF going and help us spread the word!
whores, politicians and Fenway Park
Mute the TV and listen to the radio feed. Hell, listen to Nickelback and it's an improvement over Hayward.
Kemba Walker's only double-double this season was a triple-double (1/28 vs Wizards).
These miles of running better be worth it....
#NYJets should sign Jeremy Lin! He'd easily become the best passer on the team!
What is your feeling about California ??? Looks like the Toyota's are really fast?? What about JJ or JR ??
Who on da drive?
So proud of all my kids and what they want to see happen this summer! Miss yall.
Again..doctor office waiting rooms are the worst. I don't know if it's the wait or the badly patterned office decor with outdated magazines.
Nice job by today on moms day brunch.. you're now "27"
Also, happy Mother's Day!
": Life has no rehearsals, only performances"
I AlReady Did :)
In this world where nothing else is true, here I am still tangled up in you.
Aww Rebecca is here supporting her hubby Jerry. Yea, I'm talking like they're old friends.
DC sports teams are fucking stupid. Fuck them all. God i hate my teams.
Home with my 12 friends they also say "hi" : )
You know when you eat somewhere so much the family that owns the business knows you by name
Driving on Long Island listening to the Violent Femmes is making me awfully nostalgic.
Who is the scariest musician ever?
Thanks for the #FF, right back at ya! You all are awesome!
please follow me!!:D
Nice maria!
MT Win clinches Atlantic Division for FSU for 6th year in a row & guarantees the #Noles no lower than # 2 seed in ACC Tourney
make your fans associate your songs with high quality. stop cutting corners and being cheap. we are only 35 per hr. come prepared and leggoo
lmao u gon start a tweef... OFF THE RECORD THOUGH PAC BETTER THAN ALL DEM NICCAS
Oh my. A lot has happened this weekend. But, it was a good one, one to remember.
Never be intimidated by a smart person. After all, it's easier to debate a smart person than to argue with an idiot.
Wait.... You're paying $20 a month for Vonage? and VoIP works for fax? News to me on both.
it's #GrumpMonday on social media today! Taking the grumpsters on, one at a time....
how do you gift it?
Did you get your PPSS fix today?
AND #coxcable Tier 2 guy did NOT know #xkcd #shibboleet comic strip joke, so can't be a real tech support geek.
Ugh, selectman meeting total waste of time.
i so don't want to clean
#Wisconsin #Governor #ScottWalker declares it 'Beat Up On Everything St. Louis Weekend!' Then bans Bud. #GreenBayPackers #MilwaukeeBrewers!
Zigenhalen swears there are board games that involve pattern matching and memory that are fun for adults and kids to play together. He's fond of Skippity, which he described as the anti-checkers.
Globe Historic Home and Building Tour
The Lions also posted their first-ever perfect (16-0-0) record in the Central States Collegiate Hockey League, which is one of the conferences that falls under the ACHA umbrella. In addition, Lindenwood won the CSCHL regular-season and postseason tournament titles in the same season for the first time.
Give Johnson, 45, a former world-class triple jumper from North Carolina, the credit. He never bought into the conventional wisdom that sprinters in Oregon couldn't overcome the rain, wind, chilly spring temperatures and Eugene's affinity for distance runners and throwers.
"You just want to thank God for putting you in those positions," he said. "It wasn't pre-scripted. It just came to me."
Some university trustees like the meetings.
Critics say that under the Ryan plan, premium support wouldn't keep up with health care costs. Certainly, how much the annual benefit should rise is a legitimate subject for debate. Some reformers suggest a formula that would link premium support more closely with health care costs. Another idea is to let recipients choose traditional fee-for-service Medicare if they prefer. The main goal is to give individuals the power to choose, building competition into the system.
Giardini said Spitzer had already filed its petition with the state dealer licensing board and had a judge set to hear its case and the opposing arguments from Falls and Fred Martin, but the judged stayed that case, pending the outcome of the district court case.
Josh Adams, Chaparral. Sr., 6-1.
In an interview, Madanci said he and Wakefern Food Corp., the New Jersey cooperative that supports independent owners in the Shop Rite chain, submitted a $300,000 offer in writing last week to buy Acme out of its lease.
A team can't turn over half its roster in one year and not expect to commit turnovers early in the season. A team that won a total of nine games over the past two seasons can't build without bobbles.
Salvatore said he plans to address the PTO-PTA meeting at the school tonight. He will let parents know that monitors are being stationed outside the bathrooms to ensure the safety of the 800 students enrolled in the school. Police are also investigating reports that a picture was taken in the bathroom with a cell phone, according to Salvatore, who did not specify who may have taken the photo.
"Someone knows what happened and they must speak up now," Stokes said.
By her own count, Valente has handled reservations for more than 200 local events, from HOPE Services to Catala Club of Santa Clara University.
There is a huge, huge difference. If you are not taking chances, if you are not getting yourself into discussions that involve controversy, if you are not expressing opinions, if you're really just playing it down the middle, then it's pretty easy to not get in trouble.
"It combines interesting history with food," he said. "Any time you combine anything with food, you've got a story."
"There is so much enthusiasm for moon phases and astronomy. Urban or not, people aspire to see the planets more and appreciate our place among them. The Almanac invites gardeners with curiosity about the sky to bring it down into their garden," she said.
Last year, July was the strongest month for the county, with 4.16 million visitors spending nearly $900 million at such attractions as SeaWorld, the San Diego Zoo, the San Diego Wild Animal Park and Legoland. Mission Bay alone draws about 100,000 visitors each summer weekend.
Christie, the ultimate boat rocker, could overshadow Romney as he did in several campaign events earlier this year, where he promised to go "Jersey" on Iowa voters if they didn’t deliver his guy a win and delivered a rhetorical takedown of a heckler in New Hampshire. Both times Romney stood beside him beaming, but the headlines trumpeted Christie, not him.
I also have high hopes for “Moonrise Kingdom” (May 25), Wes Anderson’s follow-up to “Fantastic Mr. Fox,” and Woody Allen’s latest stop on his Euro-concert tour, “To Rome with Love (June 22). Ditto for “Lawless” (Aug. 31), a Weinstein release directed by Aussie John Hillcoat (“The Proposition”), with Tom Hardy, Jessica Chastain, Gary Oldman and others, and “Premium Rush” (Aug. 24), featuring Joseph Gordon-Levitt as a Manhattan bike messenger being pursued across the city by a dirty cop. As a big-city bicyclist who’s taken some spills, I look forward to this. I’ll wear my helmet.
"They take the extra two steps to play physical," Hitchcock said. "They score more than anybody I've seen off the cycle. So that's hard work, three on three down low. They just bury you in your own zone. I told our players, they play with a real hot pace and you're going to have to match it. So we're going to have to be up to speed right away. They pride themselves on making you react to the tempo."
Mayor Dave Bing is not reducing his office's budget as deeply as he initially said he would, especially compared with steeper cuts his administration sought from the City Council's budget, council members said Tuesday.
Dayton's most important stadium meeting Friday likely will be with House Speaker Kurt Zellers, whose support would be a major boost for the plan. Zellers has been vague on how much he will do to push the stadium, and there are doubts the project can win approval without his help.
The U.S. is not considering a military intervention in Syria now.
Mike Lupica, New York Daily News: "Gary Carter helped make the Mets champions as much as Hernandez did. In a clubhouse full of bad boys and bad behavior and bad habits, he was such a good man. And as great as he was with the Montreal Expos, he will always be a Met out of October of 1986 . . . when there were two outs in the bottom of the 10th in Game 6 of the World Series, two outs and nobody on, when the team that had won 108 games in the regular season and then won that wonderful NLCS against the Astros was that close to going home, Kid was the first to absolutely refuse to make the last out of the World Series. He singled, Kevin Mitchell and Ray Knight singled. Finally Mookie, with that slow roller down the first base line, like the whole season rolled right through Bill Buckner's legs in that moment."
The Knicks ranked in the NBA's top 11 teams in both opponents' field goal percentage and points allowed. They gave up an average of 94.7 points, an improvement of 11 per game from the 105.7 they surrendered in 2010-11, when they tied for 27th in the league.
What did wines rescued from San Francisco wineries and wine cellars after the 1906 earthquake and fire taste like?
See, the Nuggets haven't even led for so much as one trip down the floor in falling into a 2-0 hole against the Lakers. That's why the Nuggets are hoping for a fast start in Game 3 on Friday night at Pepsi Center.
The Japanese automaker says it will offer the maintenance deal to Toyota buyers who already have a Toyota, Lexus or Scion in their household.
While we know that Stern is "Sirius," we hope he wasn't "serious" with his negative comments about St. Louis. And we suggest another nickname for him if he was: schlock jock.
At a sentencing hearing on Tuesday, Alton Detective Pete Vambaketes said firefighters found Lish's body when they put out a fire at her mobile home in the 300 block of Wonderland Drive. Vambaketes testified that Lish was stabbed 28 times in the chest, back and head and said there had been several obvious attempts to start a fire in the mobile home.
Bryson's teammates embrace the fact that not only is he their best player, he also has the Mustangs' best set of wheels available. Bryson tools to school in his 1995 Dodge Intrepid, not to be confused with a BMW but certainly better than the bus.
Levy not dry
PG&E's inability to produce the records on the manufacturer of the 1956-vintage section of pipe was "one of the biggest difficulties for our investigators," Hersman said.
The St. Louis Public School District received six Annual Performance Report points towards accreditation from the Missouri Department of Elementary and Secondary Education.
WALL -- Police have identified the man killed in a motor vehicle crash involving a driver whose license is suspended, according to a report by the Asbury Park Press.
-- Robert Stahl, former federal prosecutor who now works as a criminal defense attorney specializing in white collar crime
"Brian's symptoms indicated a specific kind of concussion, and we've learned a great deal about how to treat that type," he says.
A spokesman for Arlington County said Zottoli and Mills specified that they wanted their children placed with friends of the family. They are temporarily in the custody of a local social service agency, however, because the FBI requested time to conduct a background check on the friends.
Ten major sports events are scheduled to come here in 2011, from the USA Hockey Tier 1 Championships to NCAA Women's Gymnastics to USA Track and Field Championships.
Hull said enforcing the current texting law is difficult because officers have to determine both that someone was sending a text message and that the person is 21 or younger.
The suit is assigned to Oakland County Circuit Judge Rudy Nichols.
AFA also sells products under the brand names Moran's, Stone River Ranch and Miller Quality Meats.
The department said it is asking airlines to report mishandled wheelchairs in response to complaints from passengers who say they are reluctant to travel by air because they fear their wheelchairs or scooters will be delayed or the equipment may arrive damaged. The new information will enable passengers to determine which airlines have better records of handling wheelchairs.
Glover said he feels as good as he has since he paddled out to the ocean the weekend before Kapalua. He has made three cuts, though his best finish was last week in New Orleans when he tied for 66th. Even so, he expects to make a strong title defense at Quail Hollow.
Barrett unleashed an ad Monday touting himself as "the jobs governor" and ripping Walker for failing to deliver on a 2010 campaign promise to create 250,000 jobs.
The national debt already exceeds $11 trillion. And bills just completed by the House would boost domestic agencies' spending by 11 percent in 2010 and military spending by 4 percent.
4. (6.) Long Reach (2-1, 101-69)
TRENTON — Gov. Chris Christie signed legislation today that will allow cities, towns and counties to use open space money to buy homes in flood-prone areas, and then use that land for conservation or recreation.
But another insider said that there were no rumors of imminent layoffs and that the consultants will be tasked with figuring out how to use digital tech to transform the print giant.
"Join us for conservative speakers, singers and entertainment, featuring a special tribute to our military heroes." Local organizers were predicting a crowd of 5,000.
"I just wanted to go somewhere," he said. "And the Midnighters were going all over the country."
Initiated in October 2008, Healthy Howard provides comprehensive, affordable health care to working-class families and individuals who have incomes higher than the eligibility level for entitlement programs like Medicaid, but still too low to afford private health insurance. Based on the primary care "medical home" model, with an emphasis on wellness and preventive services, Healthy Howard uses a local, federally qualified health center as our primary care home, paying the health center a monthly capitated rate for each Healthy Howard member, funded by the modest premiums ($50 to $85 per month, depending on income) paid by each member. These premiums also pay for contracts for lab work and most imaging procedures.
The future director of "2001: A Space Odyssey" and "A Clockwork Orange" took a fairly routine heist story and created a masterpiece of nonlinear storytelling and suspense. He was aided by a stellar cast of character actors, including Sterling Hayden, Elisha Cooke Jr. and Marie Windsor.
When Garden City pulled to within a goal at 6-5 on a score by junior attacker Jaqueline Jahelka with 7:43 remaining in the first half, McDonogh coach Chris Robinson took a timeout to settle his troops.
The number of people in the U.S. with one or more EpiPens, the dominant brand for delivering epinephrine, has grown by 72%—to 1.8 million—since December 2002. Children make up 46% of EpiPen users.
The jury put the value of the three homes at $2 million, an amount the city challenged and the appellate panel upheld today. Fernicola said the city will not appeal the decision.
DOUBLES: Trevor Johnson and Russell Nicholson def. Kunal Patel and Meet Metha, 6-0, 6-0; Laurent Guenin and Ryan Heiser def. Ajani Crosley and Robert Cohen, 6-1, 6-2.
"Florida would require a flight or a 24-hour drive for me, and the Carolinas are eight hours away," Ms. Leese said. "Even though the real estate in Ocean City is more expensive, in a way it's more affordable. Even with gas prices skyrocketing, it made more economic sense to buy there."
"The number one thing to keep in mind is if you can see yourself there for the next four years," said Todd Burrell, director of admissions at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville. And the only way to really know that is to visit the campus. Ideally, this is something you should have done when you were deciding where to apply. But if you haven't, don't move any further in your decision process until you've completed this crucial step.
His rhetoric aside, Bloomberg seems hesitant to insist on that. Instead, he's called for a number of piddling reforms to let the city manage its own affairs -- overseeing its own tax collection, for example, or buying supplies, free of state rules. All fine, but not close to closing the mammoth gaps.
They analyzed more than 450,000 responses to the Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index, a daily survey of 1,000 U.S. residents conducted by the Gallup Organization. They looked at two aspects of well-being. One, how people reported their emotional reactions to everyday experiences, and two, "life evaluation," or what people thought about their lives.
May 30 Spokane, WA
In 1998, the process repeated itself: Gallagher filed to run against Russo in the Democratic contest for county auditor, then withdrew before the primary. And four months later, Russo hired him at the auditor's office and gave him a $5,500 bump in pay. (See copies of Plain Dealer newspaper clippings from the candidate filings and election results in the DocumentCloud viewer below.)
The captain of Delta Flight 6132 got stuck in the lavatory Wednesday during the flight from Asheville, N.C., to La Guardia Airport.
She credits the time with her personal trainer for keeping her on track. She said she often shares the $65 an hour cost with a coworker and gets a group rate.
Enosis is cooperating with the attorney general's probe, Possley said. The attorney general's office has forwarded the forged letter to the Cook County state's attorney's office, she added.
Benchmark oil for May delivery was down 44 cents to $106.43 at late afternoon Singapore time in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract rose $1.52 to $106.87 per barrel in New York on Friday.
"Growth in China has moderated, as was intended, and is likely to remain at a more measured and sustainable pace in the future," Mr. Stevens added.
No, sitting in their bulletproof cage on the casino floor, Willy and Nilly can lend gambling money only to people who meet the tough credit standards for Illinois car dealers and furniture stores.
"I think he's being honest," Jamal Crawford said of McMillan's comments. "And if we're going to be a team, we have to be honest with each other. Coach said what he saw and we agree with him. If we play as hard as we did in the beginning of the fourth quarter (when we) caught back up; if we do that the whole game, we'll be all right."
Scott Johnson, owner of Jeromeo, said he recently signed a new lease and hopes to stay post-renovation. His store, which features handmade jewelry, Asian artifacts and artwork, has been on Nicollet Mall for more than seven years.
3634 Coffee Tree Ct, $140,000
As a freshman, Polk suffered a torn labrum in his left shoulder in the second week of the season and missed the rest of the year. He underwent a second operation on the same shoulder as a sophomore and had both knees scoped.
The home is one of 20 finalists in "Dwell" magazine's Houses We Love contest. The winner will be announced June 27.
172 KNOLLHAVEN TR $254,000
The former Georgia Tech receiver stood out in his first practice with the Jets because of his imposing 6-foot-4 frame and effort in every drill. Coach Rex Ryan noticed Hill's speed.
Reines, who will serve as auditor until a new charter government takes office in January, said he had no immediate plans to fire any other employees.
Booker, who said he first learned of the school reorganization proposal last week, did not support some of its recommendations and did not agree with the way it was presented.
Fox's tentative plans are to premiere the U.S. version of "X Factor" in fall 2011 when "American Idol" is on hiatus. Being home to both "Idol," still the country's most-watched show among the coveted adults 18-to-49 demographic, and "X Factor" could be a huge boon to Fox. The U.S. "X Factor" will be produced by FremantleMedia and Syco, Cowell's production company.
Sandusky, with his hands folded in front of him, told the judge, "I don't believe that will matter relative to any place in this state."
Soccer motivated one mother to go job hunting because she knew that character was a factor in selection for the national team, which will go to the Homeless World Cup in Paris this year.
kidnappers killed one of its aid workers, is back in action there.
Upon further review, the Tigers still lost to Texas, 3-2, in 11 innings Sunday, it was still a bad call, and the debate about the need for instant replay will continue.
Another Dooley campaign volunteer, Bill Ray, got a patronage job in January as a "citizen advocate" in the county Health Department. His annual salary is $51,000. And former state Sen. Rita Heard Days, a term-limited Democrat from Bel-Nor who worked for Dooley's campaign, got a patronage job as an administrative assistant to the county executive. Days will be paid an annual salary of $59,600.
"Wrestling a three-time state champion should make you a little nervous," Anthony said. "All I did was wrestle my best. I stayed with my game plan and won. Once I got to the final, I didn't care how I got it done, I just wanted to win.
Harvey said his friends call the cozy space with walnut and hickory floors and uncut wood beams "the war room," because it's where he prepares for art auctions and manages other projects. "This is my getaway room," he said.
"Joe has a strong knowledge base in Oregon, the metro area and a strong history with Washington County," Mays said. "He certainly adds to the strength that Sherwood already has."
The diplomatic dispute over Chen is sensitive for the Obama administration, which risks appearing soft on human rights in an election year or looking as though it rushed to resolve Chen's case before the start of the Clinton-Geithner talks.
InnerChange, a fundamentalist evangelical Christian outfit, is one of about 200 prison ministries in Missouri. Running on an annual budget of $600,000, it recently had nine staff members and relied on the help of 50 volunteers. About 75 percent of an estimated 2,000 volunteers in the prison system are religious or spiritual, officials said.
Patents have become a valuable commodity for technology companies in recent years, and companies frequently use them in lawsuits against one another.
"You always remember the losses more than you remember the wins," Matta said, starting to mention tiny moments from the five losses so far. "I remember year one us not blocking out at the end of the first half and they tip one in to go down three. . . . First play of the game last year, we executed to perfection and we didn't throw it where we wanted to throw it."
TAMPA — Every year on every NFL team, the Turk nervously ambles next to players in the locker room, dorm room or cafeteria, his role a designated dream killer whose only job is to signal the death knell to somebody's career.
The state is spending $168 million to lease the machines for the Arundel facility.
Some have wondered whether it's possible people have been getting sick with the virus for months, but the illness went undetected because special swine flu tests were not used to diagnose patients.
"And the bottom line is, we still came up short."
Trauma deaths from accidents originating in Chester County have risen since the closure of Brandywine's trauma center. In 2006, 6.3 percent - or 31 - of 490 people admitted for trauma injuries died. By comparison, 4.7 percent - or 25 - of trauma patients out of 530 died in 2001.
Focus: Grants wishes to kids with life-threatening conditions.
"We have closed out a number of major cases over the last year and we remain determined to do all we can to reduce our litigation risk," he said.
Experts have said the Clementi case marks the first time the charge has been tied to invasion of privacy in New Jersey.
One of those teachers, Courtney Clausen, 29, jumped forward and told Allen, <U+0093>Here<U+0092>s a layoff. Terminated. I<U+0092>ve been terminated,<U+0094> to the applause of several dozen protesters. The crowd later chastised Allen for a brief chuckle at the news conference by asking, <U+0093>Why are you laughing? This isn<U+0092>t funny.<U+0094>
Bucking bales 11 hours a day at a ranch near Soledad, they share quarters with the cowboy Slim (a deft turn by Chad Deverman), the callous Carlson (Michael Ray Wisely) and the kindly old Candy (Gary Martinez), who lost a hand working on the farm and got $250 in compensation. The ranch hands have been hardened by their way of life, but still try to eke out a few moments' pleasure. They play cards, tell tall tales and gawk at the boss's daughter-in-law (Lena Hart) -- the only unnamed character in the story -- while avoiding her hotheaded husband, Curley (Harold Pierce).
Still, the patients come.
But as long as the sun keeps shining, the traffic will be beating a path toward those pins, and that’s a good problem to have.
Two things stand out from a review of The Plain Dealer's coverage, at least in the case of Russo and Dimora:
Members of the Jersey Boys cast including (from left) Colby Foytik, Jason Kappus (center) and Brandon Andrus enjoy a lunch of barbecue during a stop Wednesday at Okalahoma Joe's in Kansas City, Kan. Performances of Jersey Boys, the story of the 1960's musical group the Four Seasons, runs through May 20 at the Music Hall at Municipal Auditorium. Photo by Tammy Ljungblad
To stem the loss to the state, Gov. Chris Christie signed legislation this summer that sets the stage for a private takeover of the Meadowlands and Monmouth Park racetracks.
Hotel owners are suing to keep the issue off the Nov. 2 ballot. They say the levies would amount to illegal double taxation, because St. Louis County and St. Charles County already impose tourism taxes.
Lee Keenan — "Spring Awakening" — Griffin Theatre Company
Meanwhile, Mitchell Research/Rosetta Stone released a new poll as well late Thursday showing Romney, who served as governor of Massachusetts, with a slight 36% to 33% lead over Santorum in Michigan.
"So there's more coming up and there's more Europeans, there's definitely going to be," he said. "We are in a golden period at the moment. The players are only maturing at this stage."
You should have seen us Saturday night. Old people swaying to the music, tapping their feet, waving their arms.
"It was my belief that everybody needed to give a little on this," Leara said in introducing it to the committee. The substitute provides an annual cost-of-living allowance of 1 percent for new hire's eventual pensions, which he said would provide a "significant savings" compared to the current 3 percent adjustments. It also requires new employees to contribute 9 percent of their pay to their pensions, and refunds just 25 percent of that when each firefighter retires. In the past, they contributed 8 percent, and got all of it refunded.
Maryland Stadium Authority executive director Mike Frenz said Monday that Dillon had yet to sign the agreement with his agency.
How life has changed: “I feel better than I felt twenty years ago, and all of my health numbers are good,” he says. “It feels good to look healthy in the mornings, and buying clothes has become a sport.”
Consider just the two biggies: Facebook and Twitter. Both are many magnitudes larger.
"Max was an amazing kid," said Freedman, who had known the boy for the past three years. "He was beloved. He had an infectious smile and a sparkling personality."
“You know he’s experienced — and council did not act on our department directors,” he said.
Kenny Chesney, the ACM's entertainer of the year four years running, received four nominations, including another in the coveted entertainer category. A fifth straight win would tie him with Alabama for the most consecutive entertainer trophies.
In addition to announcing the suspensions, the league also sent a memo to all 32 teams reminding teams that any sort of non-contract incentive program is prohibited. Goodell instructed head coaches to go over these rules with their teams this month.
Lionsgate, $27.98; Blu-ray, $29.99
However, if we lost our phone at Coachella last weekend, we'd be most annoyed about not being able to take video of holographic Tupac rapping alongside headliners Snoop Dogg and Dre.
The doctors are in
"If your mom and dad want to stay home instead of going to a nursing home, we should help make that happen," he said. "Taxpayers will save a bundle of money. This has been discussed for decades. It's time to get this done."
The GOP, in large part, isn't displaying its usual anti-gay election-year demagoguery, and not just in the "pledge." As recently as 1995, a Republican-controlled Congress was holding hearings investigating "homosexual recruitment" and the "promotion" of homosexuality. During the George W. Bush administration, the party used its fervent opposition to marriage for gay and lesbian couples as a get-out-the-vote strategy, encouraging more than a dozen anti-gay state ballot initiatives geared at driving turnout in the 2004 election and engineering repeated efforts to pass an amendment to the Constitution. This year is the first election year in recent history in which anti-gay rhetoric has been significantly muted: No state is facing an anti-gay initiative on the ballot, and marriage has not been a focus of the national conservative agenda.
Under the terms of baseball’s new collective bargaining agreement, teams must pay certain major league veterans on minor league contracts an extra $100,000 to keep them on rosters past Thursday. The Angels are unlikely to make that investment if Isringhausen is not in their plans.
The BLT sandwich ($6) is pretty standard, though the bacon is generous and good.
It shows field hockey captain Fernando Zylberberg training for the games by running through the islands' capital of Stanley. It says: "To compete on British soil, we train on Argentinian soil."
Violence in Iraq is actually way down since the bloody days of 2006-07, when Sunni and Shiite groups fought each other and attacked U.S. troops. But there have been several large attacks since the U.S. pullout, including dozens of explosions Feb. 23 that killed at least 55 people and wounded more than 200, the Associated Press reported.
Conversation went back to Freehold, Bruce said it was a real blue collar town. "These are the people I'm conecting to. I wanted to be about something."
"Zach played well. He's been really turning it on offensively for us," Potsou said. "We have other guys that have the potential to step up and play, but we obviously didn't get that performance from them today."
Camelot, that most congenial spot, did not go happily ever-aftering in the movies or on the Broadway stage.
Yield: 2 deep-dish crusts
My mom knows I never leave my yard, but this excitement was too much to resist.
True, Kansas City is also not Manhattan. But it's easy to forget just how many attractions can be found inside Swope: the Kansas City Zoo, Starlight Theatre, Lakeside Nature Center, Kansas City Community Gardens, Southeast Community Center not to mention (OK, we will) park amenities like golf and disc golf courses, a pool, ball diamonds, soccer fields and various trails. Get out and explore.
1 pound mixed chicories, such as heart of escarole, radicchio and frisee (weight after trimming)
825 Claver Ln, $67,700
She faces charges including unlawful flight, failure to obey a police officer and DUI, Cook said.
The captive women are clothed in nightgowns and served warm milk and given opportunities to read books and watch movies explaining both sides of the abortion debate. Among the films is Del Vecchio's own 2009 feature, O.B.A.M. Nude, a satire of the Obama presidency.
"Harry pretty much invented the idea of the Latino think-tank," said institute director Roberto Suro, who had founded the rival Pew Hispanic Center in Washington in 2001. "The targeted work he did was very original. He produced a lot of imitators, and I say that as one of them."
I tried to pass off her comments as a joke. I had never heard anything like that before, and I figured that the budget veto was just pure incompetence. But she said she was serious.
This will be the second significant capital raising effort by the bank in six months. It raised more than $245 million from investors in August.
“This is an outstanding facility, absolutely outstanding,” Coughlin said. “What I like about it is that the college teams here have been working all fall, so the turf has been broken in well. It’s settled in, and it’s in great shape. It’s going to be great for our players to work out in here all week.”
The barbecues were lit up early and food – 1,200 burgers, 600 bratwursts and 600 quarter-pound hot dogs – was served from 10 a.m. until 2 p.m., Hunt said. Some leftover frozen burgers will be used at a Wounded Warrior barbecue later this month at Camp Pendleton.
GM said Thursday that it made $1.3 billion from April through June, its second straight quarter in the black and a complete reversal from last year, when it was forced into bankruptcy and the U.S. government took a majority stake.
Before the initial trade announcement, Sanchez told a Los Angeles-area radio station he expected Tebow to succeed in whatever his next step is, referencing the winning quality of the Heisman Trophy winner and two-time college national champion.
EWING – Police investigating a car crash Saturday afternoon in Ewing arrested a bystander who allegedly brought a gym bag with a marijuana pipe and stun gun inside to the accident scene.
Varietal: Chardonnay, pinot noir and pinot meunier.
Before being ordered to prison, Jeffrey Fisher offered an emotional apology for causing the crash that killed his girlfriend, 30-year-old Eva Meyers of Carol Stream.
The Kings made their only previous trip to the conference finals in 1993, when Wayne Gretzky and Luc Robitaille propelled Los Angeles past Toronto and into their only Stanley Cup finals, a loss to Montreal. The Kings won just one playoff series in the ensuing 17 seasons before routing the Presidents' Trophy-winning Canucks in five first-round games last month.
Even as we disagree on many things, the kind of unity that resulted in flags being draped from overpasses across the country after 9/11 is a solid indication that our nation remains as strong as ever.
When she moved to the United States in 1980, Sullivan knew only broken English but became fluent by taking classes at Portland Community College. There, a teacher impressed by Sullivan's work on a class project thought she was a fit for the Head Start program.
Alberti, now 49, never suffered from lack of direction. He knew he wanted to work with computers from the moment he sat down at a terminal. It was 1977, and he was in high school in St. Francis. He needed no instruction and soon was rewriting the program's code.
The Rockies wound up 3-6 during their nine-game homestand.
He was back in his usual spot as the last player introduced during starting lineups, getting a loud reception, and he quickly sparked the Knicks after their sluggish start.
Earlier this year, he opened his own foothill winery, Wise Villa Winery. He began to plot its development nearly two decades ago when he started to scout for potential vineyard sites.
City's 2-0 win at Champions League hopeful Newcastle means the league leader needs only to relegation-threatened Queens Park Rangers in Sunday's finale to win its first championship since 1968.
1. Aaron Rodgers, Green Bay: Quick release, superior arm, amazing accuracy. For two years, has played the position as well as anyone in history.
School Board honors students, community members
19. What independent nation's name derives from "White Russia?"
Trezza’s organization is urging donors to beware of solicitors using the dog’s image on T-shirts or artwork, or out-of-state shelters trying to cash in on Patrick’s popularity.
Variations in the amount of heat used in agave syrup production result in light, amber and dark forms of the syrup; in Mexico, preference for different versions varies by region. Agave syrup can also be made from different varieties of the agave plant, which yields variations in mineral content. (All forms of the syrup generally contain very small, but varying, amounts of calcium, iron, potassium and magnesium.)
Hough said 77kids has a floral-smock top with colors that match solid bottoms.
G1: San Antonio, 106-91
PROSPECTS: This dark comedy is the only IMAX summer release that wasn't either shot with IMAX cameras or screened in 3-D, and it may test audiences' vampire fatigue. Yet the dark subject matter is right in Mr. Burton's wheelhouse, and his last collaboration with Mr. Depp, "Alice in Wonderland" in 2010, brought in $116 million opening weekend. Paramount moved the opening date of its Sacha Baron Cohen comedy "The Dictator" back one week to avoid competing with this one.
"If we just all sit in our own places, we're probably not going to advance the ball very much," he said.
Los Angeles port officials say they were surprised by the strength of the numbers.
The money arrived Dec. 5 and 6 from lawyers with three local firms whose specialty draws the business of a significant percentage of asbestos plaintiffs from around the country.
San Francisco is one of the few major U.S. cities that does not arm its officers with the devices.
She is grateful and thrilled with the attention and acclaim for Best Coast, but that didn't make her two years of touring any less of a challenge, she says. Nights on the road meant too much fun and not nearly enough sleep.
Becky Mink arrives at the Country Store cradling 6-week-old Cecilia with one arm. With the other hand she grabs a few of the new sammiches from the freezer. She pays for them at the register and then leads Clara, 2, and Gus, 5, to the porch steps outside to eat their treat.
Frank Koski, 86, and John Koski, 50, pleaded no contest in November to gross misdemeanors of possessing an elk without a tag. Each was fined more than $3,000. Last July, Andrew Koski, 48, pleaded guilty to hindering a game warden and was fined $632. Each also could face revoked hunting privileges in Nevada and more than 30 other states, under a multi-state compact
In January 2009, however, Moreno-Perez was arrested and charged in Orange County with drunken-driving. When he failed to appear in court on that case, a warrant was issued for his arrest. He was arrested again on suspicion of drunken-driving in February 2012.
Then again, the Blues lost at home in Game 1 of their opening round playoff with the San Jose Sharks, a series they went on to win in five games. So there is light in the tunnel, a grain of salt to go with the bitter of a 3-1 defeat.
NEWARK — Barring a last-minute reprieve, hundreds of Newark city police officers, firefighters and civilian employees will be laid off Friday after a judge dismissed a lawsuit aimed at blocking the city’s cost-cutting measure.
"It feels amazing," Duncan said. "I couldn't stop smiling. Everybody was shaking my hand and it was a great feeling. I was excited, but I'm not sure how emotional I got. I jumped a little bit. I was happy."
Meanwhile, the big phone and cable companies that provide most U.S. broadband connections are investing billions to upgrade their networks. Verizon Communications Inc. is developing a super-fast fiber-optic network, called FiOS, that offers speeds of up to 50 megabits per second. It also has run a field test with speeds of up to 10 gigabits -- 10 times faster than Google is proposing.
The most essential replacement though was Lynn.
Maricopa County Supervisor Mary Rose Wilcox spoke in front of the Capitol on Tuesday. She said the bill "is literally designed to terrorize undocumented immigrants."
"I just seem to picture them on a train, and my heart is broken," she said. "They're so brave to be going up there on their own."
Until that election, the rough Rovian style succeeded brilliantly -- despite the fact that Bush and Cheney had actually allowed bin Laden and Mullah Omar to escape at Tora Bora. Obama's cool order to kill bin Laden, in a moment of considerable risk to his presidency, finally debunked the decade of smears against Democrats as unpatriotic, wimpish and unreliable.
Around that same time, Rybak installed the ice machine at Dimora's home -- asking the commissioner what else he needed, suggesting it was something sexual. Rybak added a reference to Eliot Spitzer, who had just resigned as governor of New York for patronizing a prostitution service.
The coroner says he did not know what kind of gun Kuhn was firing other than it was a handgun.
But he does hope Stadler and Jacobsen have some recollection of the kid they butted heads against in the Pacific-8 Conference. They went on to become two of the most recognizable faces in the game. Baskins gave pro golf a try, took a career path away from the sport, then regained his amateur status at age 30.
At around 7 o'clock on a December morning, a senior Citigroup banker was boarding a commuter train on the outskirts of London when his cellphone rang. On the line was a hedge-fund trader he had met a few nights earlier at a dinner hosted in a plush Citigroup dining room.
8245 Monroe Av, $18,500
FLORENCE TOWNSHIP — The most-heated town hall clash of the year started today with a shouting match, drove Gov. Chris Christie to call a vocal opponent to the proposed Rutgers Camden-Rowan merger an "idiot," and ended with a stern talking-to by police.
In 13 plays, Bauserman was 2-of-5 for 48 yards, with the touchdown and an interception, when John Simon hit him as he threw.
Still, I get it. Gimme speed, and fie on the anticipation of yet another discovery at the turn of the page. A guy named Aesop once spoke of the virtue of slow and steady. Look it up in your Funk & Wagnalls.
Principal: James F. Carland III, chairman, president, chief executive officer.
øBy the way, he needed arthroscopic surgery on his ankle following that game.
øTo provide Izturis with an occasional day off, the team summoned Edwin Maysonet from Class AAA Nashville, where he was hitting .214 in 25 games. Maysonet impressed Roenicke during spring training, where he hit .296 and played at several infield positions.
It is however, “too early to predict” if there will be a heat wave, which typically depends on the humidity level, said Roy Miller of the National Weather Service.
Costco is part of the planned Village at Bella Terra, a mixed-use project that will include commercial space, residential units and retail adjacent to the existing Bella Terra mall.
But it's a debate Obama can't duck forever.
PK3 1-7-2 paid $106.30
The Portland Democrat helped write the 2009-2011 Human Services budget and says enrollment in social service programs will drop as the economy recovers.
Draghi also said the ECB's survey of bank lending showing that banks were not tightening credit as much as in the first quarter compared to the last quarter of 2011, but that consumers and businesses were not borrowing because of the slack economy.
bit of a slip."
Although it could take from several years to a decade for consumers to see the full impact of the auction, the Federal Communications Commission and carriers are beginning to lay the groundwork now.
As the Rangers open what likely is to a determinative seven-game homestand tonight against the Islanders, the case can also be made to give Erixon an opportunity on the point of the power play, which is on another one of these 1-for-17 stretches that seems to have been played on a big-screen, season-long loop.
1715 Mayenne Ct #C, $19,500
A study by the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory proved that closing registers in unused rooms actually increased energy usage throughout the home.
A fire broke out this morning at the Eagle Recycling plant on Dell Avenue in North Bergen, fire officials said.
The McCoys, who live in Bergen County, had been part of Christiana’s life since her birth, taking her in for weeks at a time and sharing birthdays and holidays with her. At one point, they said, the girl accompanied them on a trip to Disney World.
There have been no signs of impacts to wildlife, state officials said, and the incident has not affected operations of the adjacent navigation lock, Clemans said.
Drawing on sources as diverse as St. Augustine and Martin Sheen's "The Way," he told cardinals that spreading the gospel must be "accomplished with a smile, not a frown."
When it comes to very old dogs and cats, procedures they shook off in a day when they were young can become life-threatening. Simple stresses, like going to the veterinarian or being cared for by someone else while you're out of town, can turn into an ordeal that leaves them exhausted and depressed.
"We have hopes, we have dreams and we're sharing those hopes, we're sharing those dreams," says a woman during the profile of the 5e Gallery, a hip-hop and visual art gallery. "We are figuring out solutions and we are doing that together." If you're looking for a reason to visit the city and spend some time and money, this is a stylish invitation.
In Pujols, the Angels landed a three-time National League MVP and a two-time World Series champion who has made his stamp on the game with 445 career home runs. But beyond just his on-field production, Pujols' signing represents something greater.
Once the airline gets approval, it will begin converting AirTran planes to the Southwest look and style, a process that takes about 42 days for a Boeing 737. Kelly said Southwest hopes to convert 16 to 18 of the 140 aircraft flying colors by AirTran, which was once based in Orlando. The transition is complicated, he said.
FLEMINGTON — A Middlesex County attorney disbarred in 2009 was charged in connection with illegally representing a defendant in court in Hunterdon County in 2010.
Lorraine Harding to Shane E. Fryer and Jacqueline Danielle Fryer, property at 3 Mill Pond Road for $325,500.
A bill under consideration at the Legislature would permit counties to use three-letter party abbreviations next to candidates. County clerks want the option to avoid having to mail out multiple-page ballots.
All eyes were on the big guy Sunday after a bruising previous three games in which the Yankee starters surrendered 16 runs in just 9-2/3 innings, culminating in Freddy Garcia pitching himself out of the rotation Saturday with a six-run battering from the Detroit Tigers in just 12/3 innings. Nobody had to tell Sabathia that if ever there was a time for him to pitch up to his salary, this was it. The bullpen was taxed and folks in Yankeeland are starting to get very nervous about this rotation.
Excerpt: Eaton jumped 26 feet 5 1/2 inches on his third attempt Sunday to win against a field that included Will Claye, who won Saturday's triple and was ranked second in the U.S. last year in the long jump by Track & Field News. Eaton's mark is a personal record.
Business leaders who have pledged financial support this time include Tim Boyle, chief executive of Columbia Sportswear; and auto dealer Ron Tonkin. Recall supporters declined to disclose donations, saying contributors will be detailed on the state's campaign database next week, as required under state law.
It was the second tough decision the Packers have made this week after releasing veteran left tackle Chad Clifton on Tuesday. But parting with Collins wasn't entirely unexpected. Packers coach Mike McCarthy expressed concerns at last month's NFL meetings.
"Electric vehicles have the potential to completely transform our business," says David Owens, executive vice president of the Edison Electric Institute, a trade group.
In a half-hour special, four local amateur chefs (including the Post-Dispatch's Evan Benn) compete, "Chopped"-style, in a cooking competition filmed last month at Roberto's Trattoria in south St. Louis. The last chef standing wins a trip to the Dominican Republic. (A repeat of "2 Broke Girls" is pre-empted.)
"This agreement is a positive development, reflecting PPG's continuing resolve to fulfill its environmental commitments in Jersey City," PPG Vice President for Environment, Healy and Safety John Richter said.
9017 Moritz Av, $321,000
The umps listed in the box score that night with Harvey were Jim Quick, home plate; Jerry Crawford, first base, and Andy Olsen, third base.
Donovan estimated that the project will take about three years in total.
In his first chance since taking over for injured Mariano Rivera, Robertson escaped a bases-loaded jam to save Tuesday's 5-3 victory over the Rays. But one night later, New York got a chilling dose of real-life reality without Rivera.
According to internal reports and interviews with authorities, the series of LSD events unfolded as follows:
For a couple, it's $58,840.
There are seven men who survive the crash, and then there are six, and so on. Ottway, thanks to his training as a hunter and the fact he's the lead guy in Carnahan's script, takes charge, trying to figure out how to get through the fierce, frozen forests - and how to avoid being eaten by a pack of seriously angry wolves.
Source for Columns B/C: Ohio Department of Education District Profile Reports
Bells tolled from Zion Lutheran Church and a crowd of more than 100 residents, damp with the unseasonable heat, grew silent.
“We still do not have a firm reading on where the economy is going,” Perciak said.
RED also has a separate agreement to manage and lease spaces at High Street. The office, residential and retail project is part of CityCenter of CityNorth, the 144-acre property that has been tangled in several legal disputes. That deal includes managing and leasing the luxury apartments on the site.
Soldan is led by the senior trio of guards Paul McRoberts (15.3 points per game) and Pete Sanders (12.5) and forward Randy Holmes (16.2).
Her rendition of Prince’s blue classic "Darling Nikki" finished, she surrendered her body to arms that appeared from holes in the floor of the stage. These caressed the bound Rihanna as she segued into "S&M," her hit celebration of sadomasochism. Earlier, dressed in a sequin-spangled bikini, she slid across the stage on a conveyor belt like an elaborately iced cookie at a supermarket checkout counter.
St. Paul Missionary Baptist Church is in the 3900 block of 14th Avenue in Sacramento's Oak Park neighborhood.
Analysts and casino industry executives are split on Resorts' outlook. Some feel the casino's time has passed it by and the headwinds of competition are simply too strong. Others say that because Gomes and Bailey are getting in at such a low price and will carry virtually no debt, they'll be able to hold expenses down, ride out the storm and make a lot of money when things improve.
Let's hope the city loses some patching material in it first.
In selling bigger ticket items such as electronics, Circuit City and Ultimate Electronics competed against the 'sweet spot in what the Internet can offer," Sneider said.
The Irvine Company, which owns and operates Fashion Island, announced in December renovations to its seven-screen multiplex. That was a surprise to organizers of the Newport Beach Film Festival, who were planning to screen the majority of their 300-plus films at Edwards Island Cinemas, as they have since 2000. Last year, more than 51,000 people attended Newport Beach film fest events, tying a record set in 2009.
Since the tax levy comes in under the 2 percent cap and Pitman decided to move school elections to November, this budget will not be voted on by residents. Last year, residents approved a school budget that resulted in a 15.8 cent tax rate increase, about $173 for the average homeowner.
"Final TT is 42km. He's French. It's the Tour de FRANCE," Armstrong wrote, referring to the final time trial. "He won't lose 2:06 in the final time trial ASSUMING ... He keeps them close on Alpe d'Huez."
Potential opening-round upsets:
øThe extra money would go toward travel, laundry and other uncovered costs of attending college.
Box office clout: Maybe you're familiar with a little billion-dollar project he costarred in, "Star Wars" Episodes 1 through 3?
Yet, even if levels of discomfort are similar among people, Hayek added: "The drugs don't work on 100 percent of the patients or 100 percent of the pain." Everyone builds up a tolerance to a pain drug, he explained, but this occurs more quickly with younger patients. Doctors need to keep this and other factors in mind when considering a course of action.
If we're being precise, the Ducks lost the game almost two years ago when Terrelle Pryor chose a career in Columbus over one in Eugene.
A person close to Camby tells Broussard the 15-year NBA veteran would "consider retirement" rather than play for a rebuilding ream.
When it comes to new additions, Universal has 2010 largely to itself.
She also steered financial support to playwright Marc Acito, co-author of “Holidazed,” which ran in 2008 and 2009 at Artists Rep. With Coleman’s help, Acito’s adaptation of “A Room With a View” had its world premiere this March in San Diego.
Without a director, the consumer financial bureau could not draw up new rules to guard against abuses in the non-bank lending industry, which includes payday lenders, a number of student loan companies, and mortgage brokers who are not directly employed by banks. That meant the agency, which opened in the summer, could not ensure that mortgage brokers are disclosing the terms and fees associated with their products, according to the White House.
LOS ANGELES - Jermaine Paul was front and center on "The Voice."
"I asked him what was wrong," she said. He replied nothing, she said, "then he told me he did something really bad.”
So we knew. Meat is bad.
The Republicans stand for smaller government, to let people keep more of their hard-earned money and work their way up the ladder of prosperity. The American dream is to be self-sufficient, entrepreneurial and productive in our great society. To be sure, we all need to help the truly needy along the way to success, but when people take from the successful (rich) and give to the poor, they ruin the incentive of both.
Pearl says these statistics are alarming. In Orange County, young people between 20 and 29 show the highest rates of new HIV/AIDS infections.
The Cleveland Daily Plain Dealer devoted a large part of one of its four pages the following day to covering the St. Patrick's Day festivities. But the parade itself was mentioned in just a single line.
Lennar is offering its so-called "Next Gen" designs in states ranging from California to Texas to Florida. Sales of these multi-generational homes account for a very small percentage of the company's sales but are growing quickly, said Jeff Roos, Lennar's western regional president.
As Rutgers tries to steer its attention back to football, two former players who were there the last time the program lost a player to a catastrophic injury said staying focused on the upcoming game with Pittsburgh is the key now.
Signs that the U.S. job market thawed in November jump-started the gains. ADP Employer Services, a payroll company, said small businesses added the largest amount of workers in three years last month, well ahead of what analysts had forecast.
It was the place she and her siblings, along with cousins and some neighborhood kids, grew up.
Other major transit projects will still be included on the list, but unless things change, probably not with enough money to fund construction. A transit line to Gwinnett County could receive $100 million for preliminary planning, for example.
Nearby, three Brooklyn friends -- Carmine Pennella, his brother Dominick and their friend Frank Cirrincione -- flex their sizable biceps into bodybuilder poses when asked for a photo.
PRICELESS • William Shatner and his wife Liz were treated to a special tour of the "Cavalia" horse stables today while they were preparing for Shatner's one-man retrospective tonight at the Peabody Opera House.
Union Park was the first on the block in Orange County to give the program — hatched in Miami-Dade County schools — a whirl.
This was the second consecutive year Chrysler was among the top 50, which for 2012 were selected from 587 participating companies. Selections are based on data submitted in the 2011 DiversityInc annual top 50 companies for diversity survey. The top 50 for 2012 were announced Tuesday in New York City.
Polhemus Avenue, 8:40 a.m.: A resident called to express concern about someone who rang a gate bell twice. Police made contact with the subjects, who were working for a nonprofit organization.
A: It's interesting. I taught at Washington University in St. Louis recently, so I went to go back to the museum we did there in St. Louis.
And it worked.
More days went by. They signed up with Find Toto (www.findtoto.com) -- basically an Amber Alert (or in this case, an Am"Bear" Alert) system for pets. Automated calls go out to thousands of people in a radius around the pet's last known location. I'd never heard of such a thing, but it's totally cool, and one tip came from that. At least they knew he was still in the area, still alive. At one point, Christy and Ryan even worked with an animal psychic, who suggested places to look and assured them they would find their beloved dog before they left town.
The book includes an email Ruth wrote to her elder son, Mark: "You accuse me of choosing Dad over you and Andy. … You have given me up and I pray that one day you might understand that I have not chosen one over the other. I miss you terribly. Why can't you understand? He is a human being, suffering, and is only going to get worse. I don't expect you to pity him, but I just can't let him rot in there."
The winter-run steelhead, spring chinook salmon and summer steelhead are endangered species, listed for protection under the federal Endangered Species Act.
What are other prevention measures?
Wal-Mart's U.S. business has been in a slump because of mistakes it made on price and selection. The company is reversing that weak trend and has seen three straight months of revenue gains, starting in July, as it finishes up restoring thousands of products it culled during an overzealous bid to de-clutter its stores.
The Texas cuts are the latest in a nationwide effort by states to defund family planning services, says Elizabeth Nash of the Guttmacher Institute, a New York-based policy and research center that advocates reproductive health rights for women.
LIVINGSTON — An Irvington man who tried to con a woman at Livingston Mall out of $1,000 suffered a fractured spine while trying to escape her husband, police said.
If your child is suffering from repeated nosebleeds, more than once per week on an ongoing basis, they may need to see an ear, nose, and throat specialist to determine whether your child needs treatment for a blood vessel that is prone to bleeding.
With the backcourt struggling, it was only a matter of time before the Wildcats, stacked with more talent than any team in the country, were going to hit their stride.
Apparently, it was pretty rough out there, but it wasn't everywhere.
West continued his recent strong play by having his best game of the season. He finished with a season-high 32 points to go with 12 rebounds.
Tony Parker had 19 points and Tiago Splitter added 18 as the Spurs improved to 11-1 overall, 6-1 at home.
And if you have a capital loss carryover from last year after selling a stock at a loss, be sure to use it on your 2011 return.
News of Google's snooping caused an uproar when it was disclosed in 2010, leading the FCC to launch its investigation. But in announcing its proposed fine last week, the agency said it did not find proof that Google had violated the federal communications law that bans electronic eavesdropping.
That is why it is easy to imagine that Mr. Combs will never be Warren Buffett, no matter what he brings to Berkshire. But that is not his fault. It is our unrealistic expectations that are the problem.
It's a huge leap from "It's his life" to "It's his bedroom," though, one a lot of parents rightly don't feel comfortable making, even while acknowledging the practical absurdity of the result: "You have my blessing to sneak around and get a little wherever you can -- responsibly! -- without getting busted."
Once McKone was finished, the Burroughs defense and junior goalie Josh Gollub went to work.
Hudson County Executive Tom DeGise gave his 2012 State of the County address last night, telling a standing-room-only crowd that the county is “healing.”
Cindy Miller
Mr. Stuart went out on his own in 1985. Since then, he's released 16 solo studio albums, the past six—including "Tear the Woodpile Down"—with the Fabulous Superlatives.
"I have just spent the last three hours at the Florida Memory web site! It is addicting," Linda wrote.
Westminster Christian's Cameron Smith and Bailey Merkel also lost a three-setter in the semifinals in Class 1. They fell to Chandler McCray and Josh Girson of Pembroke Hill 3-6, 7-5, 6-2.
There was also blood on the boards at the recent Toronto Classic. Eugene Kurz, 41, from Toronto, cut his finger while playing, pinching it as he pushed one of his metal control rods.
However, proponents concede that most of the permanent jobs would land on the lower end of the pay scale -- closer to $20,000 than $50,000. Also, those jobs aren't coming any time soon, since the entire project likely would be tied up for years in a legal fight over the casino's constitutionality.
Zimmerman then repeated his request that the board stand by the values his office had set on the casinos in May and let the State Tax Commission consider the matter. The commission is a panel of tax and appraisal experts who Zimmerman asserted are more qualified to rule on the values of large commercial properties.
"We all have our nights-at-the-Chinese-restaurant," my dentist assured me. "Don't worry."
The game hamfistedly tries to evoke classic moments from the film, with secondary objectives such as buzzing a control tower with a flyby or snapping a photo of an enemy plane. It's clear the designers loved "Top Gun" as much as any fan, but the execution doesn't do the action classic justice. Aficionados will notice the details that carry over from the film, but the feeling is one of nostalgia for the film more than excitement to play the game. Maybe there will be a downloadable beach volleyball level at some point in the future.
Due to rural opposition, the Senate this month passed a bill that would in part impose a one-year moratorium on shuttering rural post offices and place additional restrictions afterward, a move that the Postal Service later denounced as "totally inappropriate" because it kept unneeded facilities open.
Music was an intense interest for Marley as long as anyone can remember; an early Kingston roommate calls him "a serious focus man." He cut his first single when he was 16 and formed the legendary Wailers with Bunny Wailer and Peter Tosh. He also fully embraced the Rastafarian movement, including the spiritual use of marijuana, finding in its harmonious "one love" doctrines the acceptance he'd been denied elsewhere.
The last time the teams met, Prescott beat Sunnyslope in a 3-2 comeback win. On Tuesday night, Sunnyslope won its third straight state title with its hardest hits and most stifling defense of the season.
He refused to quit. He also refused to embarrass his daughter. Using only his predictive, analytical powers, he took this team to the national championship games, and this David-versus-Goliath fete was recorded for posterity by none other than "Tipping Point" author Malcolm Gladwell in The New Yorker.
In response, News International's head of legal affairs and head of human resources, Jon Chapman and Daniel Cloke, brought in Harbottle. In May 2007, Messrs. Chapman and Cloke reviewed and sent a batch of emails between Mr. Goodman and five other individuals to Harbottle, according to a document News International submitted to the parliamentary committee.
2. Ahwatukee gourmet food truck feeling heat from regulators - Truckin' Good Food, one of a small but growing number of "gourmet food truck" businesses, finds itself in a license dispute.
Having written that … no one would deny just what a leap it represents to go from the NL West’s pitcher-friendly ballparks, favorable weather and underwhelming lineups to the AL East’s fierce lineups, hitters’ havens, early cold and summer humidity.
For two years, 1783-1784, it served as the nation's capital.
Securing hospital art
And just saying, "Hey, we stayed, didn't we?" won't cut it.
2277 Kenosho Av, $82,500
Since the memorial service, Cathy has tried to do just that. She struggles with her grief. Kelly's ashes live in her home until the family decides where to spread them. Until then, Cathy has found a pair of weekly rituals that have helped give her purpose. On Saturdays, Cathy protests with local citizens at the Fullerton police station.
Acting chops: Downey has earned two Oscar noms for other roles, but saves his best sarcasm for Stark.
Its fourth annual Pet Palooza April 14 attracted more than just domestic dogs and cats. Specially trained dogs, alpacas, balloon animals and all sorts of unusual characters showed up to enjoy the event.
"We've been trying to think what Gabby would want us to say to you today. We think she'd ask you to come back sometime and visit the border, to see for yourself the problems down there."
The two companies came together in 2007 when they created UniStar to develop nuclear projects in North America, including at Calvert Cliffs, with the aim of creating a U.S. nuclear renaissance after a 30-year hiatus.
Congress passed a law capping interest rates at 36 percent on payday loans made to U.S. military members and their families -- restrictions that drove lenders to more fertile markets.
Crawford, who has performed in more than a dozen shows with the Youth Academy of Dramatic Arts in her native Los Angeles, made her Broadway debut in 2011 playing Debbie in the closing cast of "Billy Elliot." That experience will help as she adjusts to the star's dressing room.
Democratic candidate Suzanne Bonamici has frequently raised the abortion issue in the campaign, saying that she supports a women's right to choose while Cornilles does not. Until Thursday, though, Cornilles had largely stayed silent on the issue.
"We did see people who were incumbents, from arts centers around the country," Lieberman said. "It wasn’t that we had changed focus, it was just that he outshined every one else in terms of breath of experience."
"We cannot compete economically in this state with ‘good but not great’ educational institutions at any level," Christie said. "We need to make the steps happen to go from good to great."
Over the weekend, Princeton’s trustees met behind closed doors to approve a $1.45 billion budget using recommendations from university President Shirley Tilghman and a committee of faculty, staff and students.
Happy hour is Monday to Friday, 5 to 7 p.m.
"Since the summer of his ninth-grade year, Dre's been on a quest to be great. Not good, but great," said Ali Smith, Kirkpatrick's former defensive coordinator at Gadsden City High.
In 1966, Texas Western, a relatively small college of mining and metallurgy, stormed to the national collegiate men's basketball championship over Adolph Rupp's vaunted University of Kentucky Wildcats. It's a terrific story of a team of Davids with hoop dreams running a gantlet of patrician Goliaths against a backdrop of momentous social change. The Miners, led by Coach Don Haskins, counted an unprecedented seven African Americans in its lineup, including the starting five in the final game, and changed the sociological makeup of the sport, paving the way for the integration of the major southern collegiate sports conferences.
The first-term Republican governor set off a firestorm of speculation in the national media and in the highest tier of American politics when news broke last week that he was seriously considering a White House bid after more than a year of ruling it out. Top Republicans said Christie would be an ideal challenger to President Obama, but they also expressed concerns that Christie would not have been able to mount a successful campaign in time to win his party's nomination, and that his moderate views on gun control, same-sex unions, immigration and climate change would alienate the most conservative voters.
Falkner added: "We don't know exactly the origin, but the fire spread throughout the attic, which runs above our classsrooom spaces, and they (firefighters) had to do significant work to battle the fire."
NEWARK — A Newark man was arrested today for allegedly pointing a gun in a woman’s face on Monday to steal her belongings, officials said.
Tulowitzki was bothered by a right hip flexor injury last week, but has been moving better. He led NL shortstops last season in fielding percentage (.991) and double plays (98) and went 59 consecutive games without an error.
Bergren said at least nine packages suspected of containing drugs were shipped to the facility, and four contained heroin or prescription drugs. In November, staffers found 18 pills, not identified by type, in a package during a normal mail search. The return address was fictitious, and police did not make an arrest because the drugs were not in the possession of the patient.
93,799: The number of people employed by the 19,759 florists nationwide in 2007.
Even before “Alice in Wonderland” tore up the box office earlier this month, pundits were talking about the special relationship ­­— 20 years, seven features — of director Tim Burton and actor Johnny Depp.
2. the prospects of a significant on-ramp redesign, potentially freeing up ten of millions of taxpayer dollars - and the reallocation that would follow.
THEFT, SLATER DRIVE: Someone on April 11 stole a pistol from a house in the 6000 block.
She wasn't sure she was ready for more responsibility herself. A high-school dropout, she had earned an equivalency degree, but worked mostly in temporary clerical jobs. She got health insurance from the state; federal housing vouchers; disability checks for her 9-year-old, Jonathan Price, who has cerebral palsy. Still, there was never enough money.
The show took its time getting to the "Star Trek" material, and then dwelled on it lightly. Shatner clearly wanted to open up other, less-familiar corners of his "World." There were sketches of his mother and father, a long story about driving a rabbi from Vancouver to Chicago, clips from a movie in which he played Alexander the Great and snapshots, both photographic and verbal, of his current wife and his three daughters from a previous marriage.
628 Cleveland Av, $525,000
Today, at different times and places, a funeral is set for each.
Ultimately, Johnson's pleas Monday were for naught, and Hartenbach sentenced him to 15 years in prison for the robbery charge, as well as armed criminal action and tampering.
With that locking, architecture pulls itself away from public eyes and sacrifices itself to the shadowed veil of the sisters.
<U+0093>This complaint is without merit, and Sprint categorically denies the complaint's allegations,<U+0094> the company said in a statement. <U+0093>We have collected and paid over to New York every penny of sales taxes on mobile wireless services that we believe our customers owe under New York state law.<U+0094>
Callahan's Music Hall: The Backbeats, "An Evening of Music by the Beatles," 8 p.m. Fri. Detroit Blues Challenge, round 2, 9 p.m. Sat. 2105 South Blvd., Auburn Hills. 248-858-9508.
Acta's field trip to Tuesday's Midsummer Classic gives pause to consider the great gas mileage he got out of his stripped-down and recently sputtering roster in the first half of the season.
"The big danger is financial contagion," said Dennis Snower, president of the Kiel Institute for the World Economy. "The question would be, what stops the Portuguese from doing something similar?"
Clearly, a comprehensive plan, prioritizing the entire scope of needs and solutions for the city's historic properties, needs to be done. A task force comprised of elected officials, department chiefs, foundation leaders and representatives from other stakeholder organizations, including Preservation Maryland, should be appointed to tackle the issue.
"I believed everything I touched I made garbage," said Adrianna's mother, Tausha Cram.
As much as Knight gets blasted for his passionate involvement and relationship with the Ducks, that booster-team love affair ends up the most valuable and fascinating partnership in American sports.
"I think if you listen to the people that are getting services or providing them, I think you can do some good things," he said. "If people believe that they are met halfway by their leaders, I think the odds are in our favor."
Here's what companies had to say about health care:
Echikunwoke wields a British accent that could make the owners of Downton Abbey quail. MacLemore’s Heather restates the obvious with the deep concentration of someone trying to recall a stanza of “Paradise Lost.”
or hospital. If an eye injury occurs, don't allow your child to touch or rub it, as this may cause more damage. Also, don't flush the eye with water or attempt to put any ointment on it. Instead, cut out the bottom of a paper cup, place it around the eye, and immediately seek medical attention - your child's eyesight may depend on it. If it's a burn, remove clothing from the burned area and run cool, not cold, water over the burn (do not use ice). Call your doctor immediately.
Bobbi Cherry, custodian: $10.63
Four pilots who are under criminal investigation for receiving possibly illegal payments of public funds have been appointed to key leadership posts in the California National Guard's 144th Fighter Wing based in Fresno. Two former commanders, also targeted in the probe, previously were relieved of their command.
<U+0095> Domestic violence in three families
Obama's decision "will honor the sacrifice of our nation's servicemen and -women and their families and do a great deal to reduce the stigma surrounding mental health treatment that prevents so many from seeking the care they need," Boxer said.
Now another big difference is Gov. Bush is proposing to open up our, some of our most precious environmental treasures, like the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, to the big oil companies to go in and start producing oil there. I think that is the wrong choice. It would only give us a few months' worth of oil and the oil wouldn't start flowing for many years into the future. And I don't think it's a fair price to pay to destroy precious parts of America's environment.
Familiar inscription
WASHINGTON - It's a sorry list. This week's apologies from Mitt Romney and Joe Biden are just the latest in a colorful history of politicians regretting personal lapses large and small. A few recent notables:
DP World, based in United Arab Emirates, agreed in December to sell its U.S. ports operations to AIG Global Investment Group, following months of criticism that the UAE firm could not be trusted running the security-sensitive shipping apparatus.
Dixon added seven assists for MU, which had 22.
Most Memorable performance: The kid was born to sing "This Woman's Work," a Kate Bush song he clearly learned from Maxwell. That falsetto found its perfect match the night he sang that song.
1 cup leeks, white and light green parts only, cut into thin slices
Vice of choice: Nicotine patches. Holmes declares himself to be "a high-functioning sociopath."
After eggs and sperm are united in a culture dish, the cultures are incubated for several days. Lab personnel have to monitor the growth of the embryos, which requires periodically removing them from incubators. The embryos that look healthiest are chosen for transfer into the patient. Nevertheless, only about one-third of women become pregnant.
At one point, Chinese Foreign Ministry officials complained to the U.S. Embassy about Locke’s popular image of being thrifty as an attempt to defame the Chinese government.
"We will do it in Serbia's interest," Mihajlovic said.
Alternatives, such as sponsorships by church or legal groups that would assure court appearances by illegal immigrants, who often have steadfast ties to a community, would be just as effective and less expensive.
My last entry dealt with how animals of all sizes and temperaments were domesticated by humans. They were castrated, downsized and bred to look and behave in less ferocious ways – in docile, young animals ways, in fact, regardless of their actual ages.
Wood (shoulder) used his breaking stuff for the first time since going on the DL and if he responds well Saturday, Sveum said a simulated game will be scheduled for Monday - with Thursday in Cincinnati targeted for his return.
54632 Bradshaw Dr., $123,000
Siblani said Republicans <U+0093>have been moving further and further apart from this community.<U+0094>
Scouting is cool
Neal Moritz, film producer
Brees threw for 363 yards and four touchdowns (two each to Lance Moore and Jimmy Graham) — giving him eight in his past two games against the Giants — and even ran for one. Meanwhile, the Giants (6-5) made repeated mistakes to kill any hopes of staying in this one: missed tackles, dropped passes, dropped interceptions, fumbles, missed sacks and blown coverages.
This game notwithstanding, he hasn't been a horror show at third base. He has worked very hard and has made some pretty good plays.
Among the possible budget cuts under consideration is the near-elimination of the district's preschool programming. Unfortunately, the short-term financial benefits of such a decision would be far outweighed by the long-term consequences.
Charter, based in Town and Country, is partnering with One Economy, a nonprofit group that provides wireless Internet and other services to public and affordable housing developments in several cities.
After they realized what they were seeing, "there was some jumping around," he chuckled.
Lanctot walked Farha through multiple receipts issued in 2006 from the Subway and pressed Farha to admit some of the receipts were inaccurate. Farha said in some instances, the money he collected was less than what the amount on the receipt.
“The Whigham Funeral Home is not responsible and had no role in this shameful betrayal,” he said.
øThe fine art of makeup
"It's easy for doctors and patients to only focus on the benefits of new drugs like Avastin, and to ignore the side effects, " Meropol said. "Even though Avastin is very well-tolerated, there are some uncommon but serious side effects. Since the benefits appear modest at best for patients with breast cancer, these rare but serious side effects take on increased importance."
But fear of exposure isn't the only thing that had Seacrest dragging himself into work Wednesday. He had gone to a great deal of time and expense to arrange for his new "girlfriend," wholesome Julianne Hough, former "Dancing with the Stars" hoofer, to get some camera time on the show that night. And he wasn't about to let this "romantic" opportunity go by the boards. Even if it killed him.
In handmade signs and online petitions, students and alumni have called for Spanier's ouster in marked contrast to cheers of support they gave Paterno when they stood outside the beloved coach's home on Tuesday night then marched en masse on the streets of State College.
"We are very picky, very slow and deliberate when it comes to adding new partners. The truth is we have an abundance of talent throughout the network with new opportunities popping up quite regularly," said Dan Wieden, co-founder and CEO of Wieden+Kennedy. "These four new partners bring fresh perspectives and skill sets to critical areas this agency and this industry will face in the years ahead. I am thrilled. It is like our brain and our heart just made a growth spurt."
So this day, their job was to cut off 18 inches of old pipe and replace it with a section of Polyvinyl Chloride pipe with a bigger four-inch hole. A screw-on fitting normally would cover the hole. But for now it was open so they could work a bigger cable into the pipe.
Listening to them, I was struck by some contrasts. James, heading by far the biggest of the three companies, pounded on the need for growing companies to build and maintain strong corporate accountability systems and a culture of tough, honest talk from the top brass. But I also was impressed by the similarities of all three CEOs as high-energy, personally competitive people who can motivate their troops.
Teel, a phys-ed instructor at Dunn Middle School in Trenton, has coached cheerleading and track and field for more than two decades. She also is certified in step aerobics, Zumba dance fitness and stride exercise.
She chats with a regular caller, laughs, jots notes in her log. They talk about the weather and swap diet advice.
Quarterback Drew Hare completed 12 of 19 passes for 125 yards and rushed for 63 yards on 26 carries. Ray Harris had 66 rushing yards and three touchdowns on 13 carries and caught four passes for
Honda's luxury brand has slipped in recent years. Oddball looks and so-so performance left it behind other luxury brands.
Indus Restaurant, Jalan Raya, Sanggingan, Ubud; 361-977684, http://www.casalunabali.com. A favorite hangout for expats; deck offers great views of the Tjampuhan Valley. Entrees $10-$15.
Other retailers expected to post solid numbers include Kohl's, Target and Costco.
“As a new and smaller organization, we can be more agile. We have the opportunities to do cutting-edge things,” she said.
"I don't gloat over this," said Jim Roos after the decision. "Sometimes laws … hurt people. And if we don't have the right to protest when a law hurts people, we're in bad shape."
Actress Mariel Hemingway tweeted about her Friday afternoon appearance at the store. Hemingway highlighted a busy lineup of promotions that included plenty of free food and a 300-pound cheese sculpture of the store. Mayor Tim Knapp visited in the morning and again at 2 p.m. for the serving of a hulking white seven-tier cake displayed by the front entrance.
Hundreds of people are expected to crowd along the streets outside Parliament to see the monarch's horse-drawn carriage parade from Buckingham Palace in a lavish ceremony featuring glittering coaches, sparkling diamonds and canon fire.
The best things on my training table: Pulled pork.
Schools and local governments were hit hard under Kasich's proposal, which had to account for an $8 billion budget deficit.
When the Blue Cab arrived for the pick-up on Wightman Avenue near 37th Street about 8:45 p.m., the suspect allegedly broke the passenger side mirror, ripped the door molding and punched the driver in the face.
Many Wishbook readers came forward to help single father Lonny Guenther and his 15-year-old daughter, Joann, who has cerebral palsy.
Hassmiller, of the National Association of College Auxiliary Services, said increasing the scale of a job can often reduce the price. When it comes to on-campus services, contractors argue that they are so efficient that the college ends up saving more money, despite having to pay the contractor, he said.
This wasn't the fastest registration ever for Virginia company
Operating in the shadows of the spotlight and attention was veteran Andre Miller, who had a pretty big night of his own.
An opening prayer that shocked Minnesota House members on Friday may have unintentionally derailed a key goal of social conservatives this session: a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage.
Francis Howell teachers, for example, will receive an average
It's also unclear what's next for Michael Pineda, who makes the start tonight against the Phillies. Judging by the looks of things, it might be an awfully important outing if he's to begin the season in New York.
Brandon Roy (36 minutes) and LaMarcus Aldridge (45 minutes) added 18 points apiece.
"You're smart enough to figure that one out," he replied.
Spaghetti & Meat Balls
Pryor spoke openly of teammates in the huddle begging, "Lead us, T, lead us." But he will be remembered mostly for leading them to the tattoo parlor. The cover-up of the illegal memorabilia sales taking place there cost Tressel his job.
When he parked his car in New York recently through a site called NetParkFly (netparkfly.com), he found several fees added to his bill, including a fuel surcharge fee, a customer service fee and an access fee. There's no explanation of these extras on the company's website.
Another alleged pass-through ended as a foiled attempt. Screener Joy White allegedly gave a courier carrying about 11 pounds of cocaine instructions to come through her X-ray machine in Terminal 6, then walk through a secure tunnel to Terminal 5, where his flight was to depart, court documents show. The alleged courier, Duane Eleby, instead went through security at Terminal 5, and was promptly arrested when another TSA screener spotted the cocaine in his suitcase, authorities said. Eleby was later released.
The budget has been balanced.
TIP 14: Play games in the pavilion. The Angels Perfect Game Pavilion is another glorious remnant of the Disney era. It's not as new and shiny as when Mickey ran the place. But in one big way it's better: The games are free now. Among the attractions:
Sometimes the sucker growth is the major portion of the tree and it hurts to eliminate it, but it must be done.
I occasionally get great submissions from readers too, those are always a treat.
The morning of our departure, our son, who has Down syndrome, woke up with the flu. We can't leave our son with caregivers when he is sick, so we immediately called the airline and the hotel to cancel our reservations.
Traders were encouraged Thursday by economic data on unemployment and wholesale prices.
There's a lovely small play screaming to get out here, one about loving two people at once, about becoming an adult in a society that encourages arrested development, about accepting your responsibilities as a person and as an American.
"We are relieved that justice has finally been served, after almost six years now," said Patrick Moran, director of AFSCME Maryland, a collective-bargaining unit for correctional officers. "There was no doubt in anyone's mind he was going to be found guilty."
I'm shocked that I still watch the Oscars every year. I guess I'm a masochist, and can't wait to see how the Academy voters will outrage me again.
Joshua J. Parker, 20, of Kansas City, pleaded guilty to robbing the U.S. Bank at 6940 Mission Road in Prairie Village on Aug. 23 and on Oct. 21 last year. In both cases, he was wearing a wig and dressed as a woman.
Glazed Lemon Chia Cookies
2180 Telegraph Rd, $72,000
Charlie Durenberger, the state agency's contractor enforcement manager, told city officials he worried that some contractors might be "operating in violation of state law with the apparent endorsement of the city of Minneapolis."
"We just have to do a better job of taking care of the ball," coach Byron Scott said. "Sometimes, we get in the habit of trying to make these home-run passes and we just have to make the simple plays."
We know that innocent people have been convicted of murder in California – three were released in 2011 after serving a total of 57 years – and that innocent people have been executed in other states. Nationwide, 140 inmates from death rows have been exonerated of the crimes for which they were wrongly convicted. In light of possible innocence, using the death penalty puts all Californians at risk of perpetrating the ultimate injustice of executing an innocent person, for when the governor gives the final order to execute, he does so in the name of California residents, and the death certificate will read, "Homicide," as the cause of death.
For the county.
Edward Songo Conteh, of Sierra Leone's Amputee and War Wounded Association, was in court to watch the verdicts. His only regret was that Taylor was not immediately sentenced. That will happen next month after a separate hearing.
After a heated debate, the county's board of supervisors voted 3-2 to ban new contracts with Arizona-based companies and review those that could be canceled. The county has more than $26 million in contracts with Arizona companies this year.
Notre Dame, which will open up at home against Liberty, reached the national title game last year by knocking off UConn in the Final Four. It was the fourth straight season that UConn made the Final Four. The two teams, who already have played three times this year, could meet for a fourth time in Denver.
So what happened? Polysilicon prices dropped. Chinese companies (with credit from the China Development Bank) flooded the market with conventional solar panels.
"I'd like to say I was courageous, but honestly it was terrifying," Booker said. He said he feared he wasn't going to make it out alive, and called it a "come to Jesus moment."
Please correct me if I’m wrong, but my understanding is the mayor and council are elected to serve the citizens. Has the definition of public service, or the oath they take to serve the public, changed recently? If so, they haven’t informed us of that either.
What becomes a hip-hop legend most?
5. Thank you, NFL: There was a big court decision on the NFL lockout that some believe will go a long way toward preventing a lockout in the NBA.
200 North Diamond Street
Once marked on maps as Terra Incognita (Unknown Land), this is believed to be the last place on the globe that prehistoric humans reached by foot as the ice shelf retreated about 14,000 years ago.
Southern Charms Ya'll
It's thin, it's light, it's fast and it even has a better camera than previous models. With a battery that lasts a good nine to 10 hours, it's the best electronic travel companion and beats carrying a much bulkier laptop.
A San Diego judge dismissed an entire jury panel Tuesday, after prosecutors rejected a gay man as a potential juror in a same-sex marriage case.
Born2Hoop 99, Kenya B Team 56
To appreciate the Stooges' humor, you need to understand the Stooges. I soitainly hope so.
This is the second successive April the Maloofs will have gone to New York to try to win their colleagues' support for major changes for the franchise. Last year, the league owners rebuffed their effort to move the team to Anaheim and gave the city of Sacramento a year to come up with an arena financing plan.
The lack of reliable data is largely because of the way immigration laws are enforced. Various federal agencies work with state and local law-enforcement agencies to target "criminal aliens." They prefer to escort most illegal border crossers out of the country as quickly as possible, without gathering criminal information unless the crossers are high-level offenders.
Both faulty intelligence and his by-the-book, mile-by-mile analysis of the troops needed to defend such an extensive line resulted in estimates of about 100,000 rebel soldiers.
District officials said Tuesday that the goals listed in the documents are not the duties Simmons is expected to perform on the job. Her responsibilities are spelled out in her position description, according to school board President Peter Calvo.
The compensation data and comments were part of GM's annual proxy statement, filed Thursday with the Securities and Exchange Commission
Among the many private and public buildings open for the tour will include 10 homes built in the 1700s — many of which figured in our nation’s fight for independence.
“Do not forget to add in and costs of any improvements that you have made to the cost basis,” Rosen said.
Faced with a lack of energy and inability to put on weight, Moss had sought out Cassileth to get more information about her work and research. Cassileth told her to take the maitake mushroom extract, a dietary supplement.
Identifying the most important people in someone's life is a tricky task for researchers, said Ruth Mace, an evolutionary anthropologist at University College London who was not involved in the study.
The ring: Joel worked with a friend who was a jeweler to combine elements from several different samples into one engagement right. "It's a circle-cut diamond in the middle with smaller ones on each side," he says. "It's simple."
Earlier in the proceedings, Dimora had stared at Kleem, but Kleem did not return the gaze. Then Dimora turned his back as Kleem was exiting the courtroom during a break.
With her children grown, Mrs. Scherer went to work during the early 1980s at McClellan and was assigned to the flight instrument repair shop. While serving on the base's watchdog committee for gender discrimination, she became a co-plaintiff in a lawsuit against the U.S. secretary of the Air Force alleging that an unfair rating system kept women from being promoted to supervisory and management roles at McClellan.
Reform Jersey Now has radio ads and mailers pushing Christie’s proposal to cap the annual growth of property taxes. Its leaders say they will disclose donors once a year.
FRIENDLY SENIORS OF NORTH BERGEN
MINIMIZE SHOPPING. Before you buy anything, apply the "six-month rule" I previously posted. Ask yourself, "If I buy this, where will it be in six months: in use or put aside on a shelf somewhere?" All too often, something that looked "cute" on vacation becomes a white elephant once you get home.
At St. Francis of Assisi at 26th and K streets in midtown, a packed church of roughly 800 people sang hymns, prayed, received communion and recounted the Stations of the Cross, which follow Jesus through his condemnation, crucifixion and burial.
The army's representatives wield enormous power. Changes to the constitution require a 75 percent majority, meaning that it is all but impossible without military approval.
Maybe UConn carries the banner farther than anyone expected, but the Huskies have Kemba Walker, a kid who can beat teams by himself because he is the closest thing the tournament has had to a machine. Even when his team is dragging from the burden of eight games in 17 days, he’s scoring 36 points.
Last week: Beat Centennial, 34-7. This week: home against River Hill, Friday at 7 p.m.
BEVERLY HILLS -- The doctor who gave octuplet mom Nadya Suleman fertility treatments has been expelled from a medical organization for violating the group's standards.
For now, Hinshaw will hit the road - albeit for shorter drives - beginning Tuesday as HBU visits high schools as part of the current evaluation period, which ends May 31.
"To have my daughter Deora and 39 other passengers and crew memorialized for their act of courage and bravery is very special for the public to come and be part of history," said Borza of San Diego, Calif.
The options are limitless for this proud basketball-headed boy with no discernible skills.
Cherepinsky's own mock draft projects Upshaw being picked by the Chargers, but the author was leaning toward a late adjustment Thursday afternoon. Because he suspects the New York Jets may have plans for Upshaw with the No. 16 selection, Cherepinsky is weighing moving Mercilus into the Chargers' slot. Or, perhaps, Chandler Jones, the defensive end from Syracuse.
3445 WILDERNESS DR $260,000
An hour later, the senator stood before about 100 residents, including 40 students, in Condon High School's multipurpose room, where he spelled out his rules: only one question per person until everyone's had their chance, then you can ask another; and no punching anybody out, even if you disagree with them.
"The point needs to be made that we do not settle frivolous lawsuits. It’s too expensive in the long run," Moratti said.
On Wednesday night, Obama will present the songwriting duo of Burt Bacharach and Hal David with the Library of Congress Gershwin Prize for Popular Song. In the 1960s and beyond, their work produced some of the most popular music for movies, television and recording artists.
7:54 p.m.: First half is over but Bob Costas says it's going to take a while for them to get stage ready so don't expect Madonna immediately. People have been saying halftime is going to be 30 minutes overall so she's got to be out there 10 minutes from now at most, I think.
3. Transfer the batter to a loaf pan. Bake for 1 hour or until a tester inserted into the center comes out clean. Let cool in the pan for 5 minutes, then remove from the pan and cool completely on a wire rack.
Tables are closely packed at Mozza, and it's not unusual for tables next to each other to start up a conversation, usually with someone asking advice on what to order -- you'll have to lean very close, though, because this is one of the noisiest restaurants around.
He joins her father Jamie Spears in that role and will have control over several decision-making aspects of her personal life but not in managing her assets.
The company is seeking the permits because it says they will allow it to keep up with new market demands for smaller birds, the West Central Tribune reported ( http://bit.ly/JzX2rE).
When Pratt, 68, didn't come home by 4 p.m., his wife, Janice, called him. But his cellphone was at home, she said Sunday.
8 p.m. ESPN - L.A. Angels at N.Y. Yankees
Bryson Campbell, Golden Sierra .567
"The death of fine dining" and "imminent change at the Four Seasons" are two refrains I've heard often the last few years.
Grand jurors heard two days of testimony. By the end, Shadel could recite the police bureau's use-of-force policies -- and felt almost as bad for the officer as the man he killed. If Walters had known Collins threatened to kill two people or been seen with blood on his hands, he never would have confronted him alone, Shadel says. Two witnesses each thought the other had passed that information along.
Look for Boursin cheese in the specialty cheese area of grocery stores.
The Jayhawks and Tar Heels are off to the fastest starts with outright conference championships.
The resolution merged rival Russian and European texts and dropped a European threat of non-military sanctions against Syria if it fails to withdraw troops and heavy weapons from towns and cities. Instead, it uses language from the resolution adopted last Saturday authorizing deployment of the 30-strong advance team of observers which expresses the council's intention to assess implementation of the new resolution "and to consider further steps."
Tebow is like fresh meat tossed into the arena (and no, that’s not a Romans/Christians reference). Of course, we’re talking about it now, and we will be for a couple weeks.
Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa, cited a 1947 Supreme Court case that declared, "Marriage and procreation are fundamental to the very existence and survival of the race." He said sanctioning same-sex marriage could lead to marriages between "fathers and daughters ... mothers and sons" and "poly-amorous relationships."
For dessert, the nightly special, strawberry shortcake ($5.25), was so casually presented that it could have been made in someone's home. The creme brulée ($3.75) is one of the best deals in town for its generous size and exceptional creamy texture.
"The 'development invasion' will speed up environmental destruction and is also likely to lead to more human rights abuses," says Pianporn Deetes of the U.S.-based International Rivers Network. "Industries will move very fast, while civil society is just beginning to learn about the impacts."
The Jaguars were able to maintain that lead and later expanded on it to finish off the Vikings.
3 cups chopped onions
So is it worth it?
Before the party, prepare cones by taping pieces of butcher paper, waxed paper newspaper or wrapping paper into cones for popcorn holders. They make clean-up simple.
“It raises the excitement level because it’s being talked about all over the world,” Dergarabedian said. “That’s why I think we’ll see more of this international-first strategy on certain key movies.”
Yet, city commissioners have not had the first discussion that goes any deeper than its fluffy press releases proclaiming the wonderment of smart grid.
WASHINGTON -- White House economists say the $821 billion economic stimulus passed early in 2009 is responsible for at least 2.4 million jobs that otherwise would not have existed because of the recession.
Most of the site visits occurred around the time a new state law went into effect, allowing some lower-level adult offenders to be sentenced to jail rather than state prison.
Authorities thwarted that plot Friday night. But a 36-page criminal complaint affidavit, filed late Friday night in Portland, offers an inside look at how two undercover FBI employees immersed themselves into the life of a teen-ager now accused of attempting to unleash a weapon of mass destruction on thousands.
Mary Divock, executive director of the BTC, said business owners in the SID are concerned that if the ordinance passes they will lose say as to how the money for the SID is spent.
The spokesman also said that other things aside from Enfamil Newborn are being tested as part of the investigation, including the water mixed with the formula.
elektro
Martine, a black-and-white tuxedo cat in stage 2 renal failure, patiently waited only five months at the Cat Adoption Team before landing in a loving home. That’s a relatively short time, considering that a cat like Martine requires fluid therapy, a special renal diet and a little more veterinary care than a typical 5 ½-year-old cat.
Slater was initially charged with criminal mischief, reckless endangerment and trespassing and faced up to seven years in jail. Under the plea bargain, if he fails to complete the counseling and treatment to a judge's satisfaction, he will get one to three years behind bars.
The group stuck small American flags in the grass along Oakwood Blvd. outside the museum as police kept a cordon around the nearby Greenfield Village grounds.
As the Judiciary Committee was approving the road rage bill, the Assembly Transportation and Public Works Committee approved a four-bill package designed to improve teen driver safety.
Feb. 16 – Kung Pao chicken, steamed white rice, Asian blend vegetables, egg drop soup, fresh orange
And, in time, it became the top-rated show on television.
Since no roads will be closed, there is no official detour for this phase of the project. Any alternate routes would be best decided by drivers based on their destination, said Nathan Riggs, spokesperson for INDOT, Greenfield District.
Built in 1972, the serene residence has crisp, clean lines for modern appeal from the street, including a virtual wall of windows along the front of the home, which is painted in a neutral earth tone with high-contrast, bright white trim work. The house is detached on three sides, with one common wall shared with the home next door, and is otherwise surrounded by mature trees and shrubbery.
The five-bedroom, six-bathroom mansion at 3950 Silverado Trail in Napa - on the market for $6.295 million and billed as "Nantucket in Napa" - captures Cape Cod, says co-listing agent Rocky Papale.
Aldridge trusts Roy.
But for the same governor? Generally speaking, unfathomable.
Still, one critic had a field day with some of the new numbers.
A friend and business associate of a Maryland man kidnapped in Pakistan last year says he was grateful to view a video released by al-Qaida that showed Warren Weinstein alive and apparently in good health.
McDonald’s employees gave a description of a van and its occupants.
On Wednesday, San Francisco police got a call about 9 a.m. that someone was exposing himself outside a US Airways gate, Sgt. Michael Rodriguez said.
On the other hand, there’s herbed Cornish hen for a mere $28, embraced in a winning marinade of the Georgian tomato-garlic paste Adjica. Pojarsky ($28) is a sublime breed of cutlet, a craggy-surfaced, garlic-crouton-breaded crescent stuffed with chicken and veal lightly bound as if by magic.
Now he's hoping the company will help him in what could be his final days. Rexroad, 50, learned earlier this year that he has cancer - Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Last week, he learned that the cancer had reached Stage IV.
The Corps of Engineers recently announced that over the next few weeks they would be releasing up to 150,000 cubic feet per second of water from the Gavins Point reservoir on the upper Missouri River, which will cause record flooding down stream.
Ford is under pressure from dealers to replace the volume they'll lose when the company phases out its long-struggling Mercury brand at the end of this year. Ford has around 270 Lincoln-Mercury dealers, and many relied on Mercury for more than half their sales. Some have already closed.
Alsop gets out of that jam, but the encounter looms over the entire show, which takes us to 1968. It’s on our minds as we watch Alsop interact with his wife, Susan Mary (Margaret Colin), and the made-up character of stepdaughter Abigail (Grace Gummer).
Smith was injured in Atlanta's 87-80 loss to the Celtics, which evened the series at one win apiece. He left for good with 4:20 remaining, and the offense bogged down without his presence in the post.
ProLogis, a real estate investment trust firm, has about 13.3 megawatts of rooftop solar projects around the world either completed or under construction — but none so far on its New Jersey properties, according to Drew Torbin, a company vice president.
Ashcroft wanted to enact temporary increases in the state's cigarette tax and corporate franchise tax to plug the gap. The Legislature, with his approval, opted instead to raise the state sales tax by one-fifth cent for nine months, and to raise the corporate income tax rate from 5 percent to 6 percent for two years.
Carefully puree soup, in batches, in blender or food processor.
Those are two of the ways a plan to increase state aid to New Jersey's schools could play out in school budgeting processes that are still difficult but not as hard as many education officials were bracing for.
Also consider:
McDiarmid acted beneath geological layers of latex. Worse: When he wasn't buried under rubber, he was performing opposite wood — namely Hayden Christensen, who does not have five decades on the London stage behind him. But like Timon, let's be generous here. While making the first "Star Wars," Harrison Ford famously told George Lucas: "You can type this (expletive), George, but you sure as hell can't say it." Indeed, few could. Alec Guinness could. And so could McDiarmid. He's been drippingly memorable.
Yes, in case you were wondering, Storm Large will sing "8 Miles Wide," her anatomical ode to inclusiveness, when she performs a pops concert with . Large takes the stage with the orchestra and a band for her own pops show, with songs by Elvis Costello, Cole Porter, Rodgers and Hart and her own sweet self. Portland violinist Aaron Meyer opens with a 30-minute set from his new CD, "Two Sides to This Story."
Most everything except fish, sheep and energy - geothermal power plants heat most of the homes and buildings - has to be imported.
The housing market's boom and bust exposed stunning flaws in the housing finance system, from lax underwriting to sloppy record-keeping to incompetent loan servicing. California Atty. Gen. Kamala Harris is pushing lawmakers to incorporate some of the lessons learned into a new state law governing foreclosures, but lenders are resisting, arguing that the mortgage meltdown was just a "temporary" crisis that doesn't justify a permanent change in law. That's wishful thinking, and legislators should give troubled borrowers more protection against lenders' procedural shortcuts.
IndyCar racing officials and Baltimore's mayor said Thursday they are still committed to holding another Grand Prix, even though the company that runs the event is millions of dollars past due on its bills and is weighing a takeover proposal from a local financier.
But Feighan stayed busy as a visiting judge until 2008. In the late 80s, he handled much of a complicated set of murder and corruption charges against Medina officials.
"We now have to execute consistently through 2012 to regain your trust," Gellert said in a conference call with analysts and investors.
We all know that reality television is that often more in name than in fact. Reports have long surfaced about "missed" scenes re-shot for the cameras or scenarios set up for the benefit of the audience. At this point, it is unknown just how much of that goes on in this particular show. But as with the old scientific maxim - the very act of observing something changes it - so too do I wonder if the very act of observing these kids' lives has changed them. They certainly seem busier than my family.
The cap for classes in grades K-3 will shift from 20 to 22, she said, and the limit for grades 4-5 will move from 24 to 26. Bastnagel said that’s still smaller than most districts, but potentially troubling for kids whose rise into fourth grade coincides with the changes.
So OSU coach Mike Riley let the kid just wing it. Over, and over, and over.
NEW YORK — Attorneys for a former Goldman Sachs board member accused of insider trading say recent testimony by Goldman's chief executive supports their bid to eliminate the only wiretap recording of their client that relates to claims that he shared secrets with a hedge fund boss.
100 Taney Dr, $18,000
One of her great joys in life was her family. She attended many pageant contests when her granddaughter, Allison Kreiger Walsh of Windermere, participated in them. She eventually got to see her granddaughter crowned Miss Florida in 2006.
Attorneys expect the trial to take all week, possibly spilling into next week.
The government of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has come under fire over the incident, which some pro-Kurdish groups said was deliberate, a charge the government and military denied.
Freeman reported that the Browns were the only team to buy the fake, giving up fourth, fifth and seventh-round picks to move up one spot.
Writer Keith Gessen predicts 50 years will pass before a marvelous Sept. 11 novel rises from the ash. But six days after the World Trade Center turned into a crematorium, the poet Robert Pinsky read for hundreds of listeners at the Cleveland Public Library.
Peter Borre, co-chairman of the Council of Parishes, said a canon law expert for the groups told him Monday that the appeals were denied May 7 by the highest authority for parishioner appeals at the Vatican.
"The most significant portion of the charges against defendant Neiheiser also relate to Metro Hospital," Neiheiser's attorneys wrote in the request.
"The Raven" attempted to present the weighty ramifications of Poe, the man, confronting this literary legacy by dressing it up as your standard Hollywood thriller. It's a shame it didn't work because you get the feeling the opportunity to make a truly great movie was missed.
Until Saturday, Alaigh was a practicing physician specializing in vascular diseases. She said today that as commissioner she would volunteer as a doctor but refrain from practicing.
The report, prepared by Pew Charitable Trusts and its environmental group, also put the state at the sixth spot nationally as of 2007 in terms of green businesses launched. And it pegged Ohio as No. 17 in venture capital investments in green technology between 2006 and 2008, an index of how much money channeled into new environmental business creation.
The St. Louis region remains globally competitive, too, making significant strides in strengthening ties with China for a Midwest cargo hub, which has tremendous economic potential for local companies. After a recent trip to China, Midwest-China Hub Commission members successfully met with business leaders at Civilian Aviation Administration of China, Air China, China Eastern, Jade Cargo and Hainan Airlines. Each announced a decision to enter into joint feasibility studies with Lambert Airport and the commission to assess the potential for opening St. Louis/China freight routes.
Lewis was paired with pros Jose Maria Olazabal, a two-time Masters champion, and long-ball striker Robert Garrigus.
"It does happen occasionally, but only in the most egregious circumstances," said Prof. Robert P. Lawry, director of the Center for Professional Ethics at Case Western Reserve University School of Law.
øToo much
LONDON — Global markets were subdued after a huge trading loss at JPMorgan Chase that shook investor confidence, while the failure to form a government in Greece continued to cast uncertainty over the country's future in the euro currency bloc.
The screenwriters, who control everything (Mr. Goddard got his start on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer," the TV series created by Mr. Whedon), have filled their film with big ideas. "The Cabin in the Woods" simultaneously celebrates and deconstructs the genre's conventions, while touching on questions of ethics as they apply to reality shows, and free will as it applies to all of us contestants in the game of real life, clinging as we do to the belief that we run our own shows. Yet the initial brilliance of the premise is eventually dulled by illogic, the whole thing proves unmanageable and the filmmakers unmanage their climactic revelation with far more zest than finesse.
Buehrle, a longtime American Leaguer with the Chicago White Sox, will hit for the Marlins today while the Cardinals, according to spring training rules, still have a designated hitter in play. Buehrle, who hadn't batted since last June 29, struck out with the bases loaded to end the Miami second.
Projections aside, it's difficult to see how Kansas can keep up with the racehorses in Calipari's stable. On the other hand, Louisville managed to hang around with the Wildcats, thanks to some inspired rebounding.
"The people who use our site, a lot of them sell their stuff on Etsy."
4. In a medium bowl, mix the remaining 1/3 cup brown sugar, milk, oil, lemon zest and egg. Stir in the remaining crushed cereal. Add flour, baking powder and salt; and mix just until just moistened. Gently stir in blueberries. Divide batter evenly among muffin cups. Sprinkle with topping mixture.
Safe-driving courses for older drivers are available through AARP and AAA. Many states require them, and most mandate insurance-premium discounts for seniors who take them. A free car-assessment program, called CarFit, co-sponsored by AAA, AARP and the American Occupational Therapy Association, is available in most states to help seniors adjust or modify their vehicles to be safer. And more occupational therapists are offering skills assessments and coaching to help older drivers compensate for impairments.
"Four of us are regulars in the big competitions, but there's a group of other guys who help out when they can," Baker says. "A lot of them have younger families and don't have as much time."
"That air," May says. "I will tell you. It was that air."
Already this season, Beltran has five steals in 22 games, one more than he had in 142 games last season.
Letter writer Iver Mindel calls Social Security a "Ponzi scheme" because the scam invented by Charles Ponzi, for whom the fraud is named, collapsed when he could no longer find enough new investors to pay of his previous victims ("Ponzi would be jealous of Social Security," Sept. 15).
How does he pay for all this? Here's the only answer we have so far:
Arrangements by Malloy Memorial & Crematory, Cleveland.
Preliminary turnout figures were not yet available from the county board of elections but a sampling of poll workers said they've had a sizable turnout.
The new drugs lack regulatory oversight and quality control. Users often rely on each others' Internet postings to find out how much they should take and what they could experience.
White persons: 73 percent.
Aurilia, who retired after 2009, said his monster 2001 wasn't necessarily a byproduct of more fastballs.
The Secondary Parent Council, a 30-year old parent and grandparent advocacy group in Newark, filed an Open Public Records request on April 5, requesting all letters, emails and memos between Booker, Zuckerberg and Christie regarding the donation and its potential uses. The two-page request also lists almost every government official who could have weighed in on the donation including Cerf, former education commissioner Bret Schundler, deputy commissioner Rochelle Hendricks, the Newark City Council and members of the state legislature.
While interior changes usually don't factor into historic preservation, architectural historian Alan Hess said the unique concrete slab construction of the Hangover House makes demolishing walls inside problematic.
In south St. Louis and near suburbs, the storms uprooted giant trees, snapped thick limbs and dumped so much water so quickly that the low areas of Interstate 55 near Gasconade Street and Highway 40 (Interstate 64) near McKnight Road were temporarily impassible because of flooding.
Happy hour: 4-6 p.m. and 8-10 p.m. Wednesday through Friday
In addition to sending in 6,000 troops, border-state Republicans sought money for state and local law enforcement agencies, unmanned drone aircraft and other equipment, and additional Border Patrol officers and customs agents.
A Facebook employee and fashion blogger who pens the site Mission Closet, Carr does like to shop. That and an interest in technology have led her to try a number of sites that Blissmo founder Sundeep Ahuja describes as "new commerce," including JewelMint, StyleMint and JustFabulous. Carr has also partnered with JewelMint on her blog.
Tharp had previous felony convictions for aggravated battery, theft, burglary and fleeing.
Pinch-hitter Tony Gwynn Jr. hit a go-ahead three-run triple off Tim Lincecum, one inning after San Francisco's Nate Schierholtz ran into a critical out that helped kill a Giants' rally and the first-place Los Angeles Dodgers went on to a 6-2 victory Wednesday night.
"Yeah, man, it is what it is. Me and him, I’ve actually fought him twice, actual real fight on the football field, twice," Umenyiora said. "Me and him, we have history. We’re going to rekindle it on Sunday."
"You can't have the best record in the league and have the injuries they have and not be in consideration," Van Gundy said. "If Rose isn't the MVP this year, then how can you say they have a better record despite having more injuries and you're not going to consider this guy."
Doug McVay, Berkeley Patients Group's bookkeeper in 2009 and 2010, said the decision to invest in out-of-state dispensaries was "ill-conceived and over-ambitious at best," leaving the organization financially vulnerable.
Gregg has battled weight throughout her adult life and was diagnosed with high cholesterol and high blood pressure. But it wasn't until just over a year ago that she began to seriously worry about diabetes after an annual blood test showed high sugar levels.
Martins said defense lawyers have been given unfettered access to their clients, with 80 flights made available to Guantanamo Bay over the last year alone. He also noted that under the Obama administration’s changes to the system, nothing from coerced confessions can be used against the defendants.
Cast: Johnny Depp, Penelope Cruz, Geoffrey Rush.
"It's definitely not the same as it was in 2008," said Ariana van den Akker, 22, a senior at the University of North Carolina, the president's first stop Tuesday. "You saw it a lot more on campus then. I feel like the reality of the economy has set in."
—Keep a list of your child's medical scans. At the least, it helps guard against unneeded repeats.
One key example: An adjustable suspension system that raises or lowers the height of the truck depending on the terrain drivers encounter.
He threw 216 innings last season. He only pitched 19 innings with three-run lead or bigger. In those games, he was 5-0. That many nights on the tightrope can cause some high anxiety. Surely, Masterson felt it. He just rarely if ever showed it.
McCoy, who worked as an assistant to the novelist Theodore Dreiser in her Manhattan days (a relationship that continued when he too moved to California), also wrote fiction throughout her long career, selling short stories to the New Yorker, Harper's Bazaar and other magazines. But bringing attention to the underappreciated architects of the West Coast — who in 1960, when "Five California Architects" appeared, had none of the broad fame we now take for granted — became and then remained the focus of her work.
325 Lafayette St., Newark; (973) 589-5539; madridlisbon.com
Speculation over what to do about Iran is the topic of the day, but the Iran policy conundrum was not ignited by this or previous IAEA reports, nor is it a matter only for Washington to decide. The West has been engaged in a policy debate for years, in the course of which Europe was pretty much given the lead to deal with Iran, but to no avail.
It's an entertaining treatment of the topic, spiced with a healthy dose of skepticism.
Among the best-sellers at Joe's is the Fontina burger, a small-plate-size grilled patty topped with roasted red pepper, grilled mushrooms, greens, pecan pesto and fontina cheese ($9.49).
She tried to juggle the public's expectations of council members and of women. "Bright colors reflect my outgoing personality," she told The Plain Dealer in 1977. "Although I've been outspoken on women's issues, I want to have a very feminine identification." She was photographed sunbathing on the beach during a National League of Cities convention in Miami.
In response, school district officials said tax revenues from all of Oregon’s school districts are put into a state fund, later reallocated to each district. Over 30 years, the school district would only forgo about $4 million in projected tax revenue from the urban renewal area, a "minimal impact," officials said.
But cool evenings will temper the highs, providing relief to people whose health might be compromised by the heat.
Many faculty members are suspicious of the administration's willingness to subsidize athletics at a time when every UC campus is struggling to preserve academic quality, so Barsky's discovery rang alarm bells among UC faculty and staff statewide.
In addition, Natalie Jefferson’s 15-year-old son, Shaquan, ran back inside the burning home to pull out Jefferson’s frightened 2-year-old daughter, Angel, the girl’s father said.
More important, it will show everyone how it’s done, Waltman said.
Susan Martyn makes $35,000 annually. The couple make a combined $164,500 as state employees.
His fans said he's a breath of fresh air, a new, rising youngblood they relate to and who makes a point to relate to them.
What they might tell us, however, is how having babies fills a void in their young lives. They might tell us about the serious issues they faced in their life before becoming pregnant: sexual, physical and emotional abuse and neglect; substance abuse; domestic violence; poverty and homelessness.
The timing is good to expand that effort now, Zimmermann said, for several reasons:
"My memory of sangria in the summer is sitting in the sun and sipping it with family," said Bellarbi, owner of Aioli Bodega Espanola in Sacramento, Calif. "Some people cool off with a beer; wine people cool off with sangria."
Business can't and won't take care of America's 50 million uninsured.
Cheers to Belgian Beers at Metalcraft Fabrication (N. Portland) - We are so possessive about beer here that you'll probably overhear someone boast that we make the best Belgian beers. Meet the brewers, taste your favorites, and more. Noon - 9 p.m. $15 includes glass & 5 tickets.
The Indians' offense, with frostbite no longer a concern, hit Ervin Santana (1-1, 6.35) hard.
And last week, the government said orders for machinery, computers, cars and other durable goods rose slightly in May after dropping in April. Economists attributed the turnaround, in part, to Japanese factories that started to rev up.
For example, when the EPA last year issued rules to limit mercury and other power-plant emissions, the industry-backed American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity estimated the regulations would trigger the loss of 1.44 million jobs.
Christie’s appearance on behalf of Whitman, a former eBay executive, put the New Jersey governor in the national spotlight as he transported his brand of Republican tough love into California’s hot governor’s race.
It was like two completely different pizzas, with the typical lava flow of aged mozzarella on one half and the dappled white and red collage of fresh mozzarella on the other. The aged mozzarella made the pizza heavy and flabby on one side, while the other side was light and crispy.
Find a way to exercise your dog before the flight. Check with the airport to see if there is a dog-run area.
Servings: 16 to 20
The Rebels got to within a goal at 9-8 early in the third quarter, but that was as close as they would get. Prep scored its final goal with 23 seconds remaining, but the team couldn't get the ball back to try and cut the lead to one and hopefully get a chance for a tie.
Tyler Lantrip, a fifth-year senior making his first career start, completed 21 of 35 passes for 219 yards and a touchdown for Nevada, which was playing its season opener.
The deal was crucial not just for the medical status of Oregon's poor but for the state's financial health. Without the deal and the infusion of federal money, Oregon's budget for the next fiscal year would have exploded.
“His attack was vicious, violent and cowardly,” Clayton County Assistant District Attorney Jason Green told the jury Tuesday during his opening statement. “Evidence will show that Jonathan Bun knew exactly what he had done.”
The Ducks also have become adept at drawing walks, stealing bases, bunting and scratching out runs despite a scarcity of hits, although that's a hard way to play, especially for a team with College World Series aspirations.
Digimarc Corp. reported an 88 percent jump in quarterly revenue Thursday afternoon, primarily as a result of a legal settlement over licensing revenues. Additionally, Digimarc said it will pay an 11 cent per share dividend next month, the first dividend in the company's history.
Either way, the veterans - long after the writers failed in two different stints until 1998 - consistently got it wrong. Until now.
There is this theory, more of a truism, really, tossed about like a fuzzy beach ball by the gurus and the masters and the mystics since Jesus was but a lint ball of possibility in the Great Belly Button of Time.
But now Pierson, a quiet kid from East St. Louis, had to talk about his performance <U+0097> and what it all meant in the context of the first spring game of the Weis regime.
Gallego’s protest followed the directions to the letter.
most recent winning ticket on Sept. 17 at Miller's Quick Shop in Bonne Terre, a community in the Old Lead Belt region of eastern Missouri, about 60 miles southwest of St. Louis. He opted to take the cash payment instead of the annuity for both wins. He received $700,000 for the June winner and will get about $1.3 million for
That '67 storm was considered the fourth-worst tornado to ever hit the area.
That call by a speaker at the University of California, Davis, campus on Monday captures sticky First Amendment and civil disobedience issues.
First out will be the four fittest of frame and mind, said health minister Jaime Manalich. Should glitches occur, these men will be best prepared to ride them out and tell their comrades what to expect.
Mercedes-Benz, Volkswagen and Audi sell V-6 diesels in the U.S., but they don't offer pickup trucks.
The summer pursuit of women follows this year's runaway success, "The Hunger Games." The movie is the biggest film of the year so far with more than $600 million in global ticket sales, thanks to female fans who flocked to see resourceful warrior Katniss Everdeen and joined males who turned out for the sci-fi and action elements.
Cantor has also produced wireless tablets so gamblers can bet anywhere in the casino or hotel. Eventually, it wants to start an online poker casino, too.
This is a real solution that reduces taxes for some, increases it for those who will hardly feel it and spurs the economy. It’s a great chance for a productive and workable compromise if I ever saw one.
Adopting a missionary attitude might be one strategy, the panel agreed. In other words, waiting for teens to seek out help won't be enough. Another strategy could be pooling the resources of the area's nearly 1,100 churches, urging church and social service groups to form a larger support network.
After that, I was off like a herd of turtles, rowing slowly up and down the river while Eckles motored alongside in a launch, yelling instructions and tips.
However, it wasn't an easy transition from transportation hub to food hub - in San Francisco nothing ever is. The magnificent Beaux Arts building with a clock tower similar to one in Seville, Spain, was built in 1898 to replace the wooden Ferry House erected in 1875.
"We are basically stuck with the prosecutor as our lawyer," she said. "This is not a decision I'm happy with. I hope someone else finds a loophole."
In 2004, islanders learned that the Bahamas' central government had entered into an agreement with a California-based golf course developer to build a vast upscale development on private and public land on the island's northern end. Plans included a huge marina for up to 240 boats, including mega-yachts. A Tom Fazio-designed golf course would surround plots for 500 dwellings.
Raichel is a 29-year-old from Fullerton who works as a "manscaper," by which we can only assume she removes hair from places men (and their women) prefer it not be. Rebecca is a 30-year-old esthetician from Mission Viejo.
The reds were served at perfect cellar temperature, but the white I ordered was too warm, although the sommelier was aware of that and offered to chill it without my asking.
"Where the guys would get hot and heated over a particular issue … she was quite adroit in figuring out people’s personalities."
"I look forward to making the best case I can for why I think he should be reelected," he said.
The organization wants to increase awareness on the poor quality of air in San Jose, which has some of the highest levels of diesel exhaust particulate matter in the Bay Area from trucks, buses and trains emissions. There will be information tables on how to achieve clean air along with special activities for children and snacks.
“I don’t know if we out-toughed them but we stood up to them,” Gonzaga coach Kelly Greaves said. “They’re tough. We knew we had to play that way. … We did right from the start. That was important. We set the tone defensively.”
I've never been a college football playoff advocate. This is the sport that always will possess a shred of subjectivity. There's nothing wrong with that. Not everything in sports must be determined with no room for debate. But if a playoff is inevitable, then it's important it remain at four teams.
I had met one person like that at the University of Illinois. His name was James Benson. He was tall and handsome. Even at 19, he looked like a CEO. He was smart and personable. In his spare time, he studied maps. You could say to him, "How do you get from Spokane to Albuquerque?" He could tell you. He got his degree in economics, and he went into the insurance business. A few years ago, he retired as president and CEO of the John Hancock Life Insurance Company.
The mini-gallery offers a glimpse into the man who now sits in jail accused of running a $190 million fraud scheme.
"They are going from building to building looking for any of the troops left but I think everyone has left already," he said.
Banfield's price for just the office visit and a nose-to-tail exam (all itemized on the invoice) comes out to $94.
Then before Tuesday's game, McMillan acknowledged that Mills was on watch. His play had to improve, or else Roy and Fernandez would get all of the backup point guard minutes.
He had nearly 20,000 fans show up on what started as a grim, rainy day to watch a glorified University of Missouri football practice.
However, average weekday circulation at the Post-Dispatch declined 4.2 percent.
"Our argument is that the domestic partnership law in California provides partners with all of the rights given to married couples by the state," Gareth Lacy, a spokesman for Brown, said Monday. "Our argument is that the parallel institution of domestic partnership does not violate (the California Constitution's guarantee of) equal protection."
Jordan Michael Almady*
Indeed, much of "West Cross Timbers," Shires’ first solo record, felt as indebted to Willa Cather and Eudora Welty as it does to Emmylou Harris or Dolly Parton. "Carrying Lightning," a collection of love stories, simply seems like the diary entries of a woman whose wanderlust is barely contained by her small town circumstances. Shires, who takes her lyrics as seriously as any prose writer, often uses assignments and exercises to spark her creativity.
That's why Sustainable Cleveland 2019 is trying to dramatically increase the percentage of locally produced food in restaurants, schools and consumer shopping carts.
"These individuals are jeopardizing their own safety and that of the public, as well as hampering the storm restoration process," Kearns said.
"It's great," captain Zach Parise said. "We're all enjoying this. We know we've got a lot of work and we have to keep improving and keep getting better. It's good right now."
The building also has been designed to include a 10,000-square-foot restaurant, four townhomes and a landscaped pedestrian plaza that will span the front of the property along Bissonnet and allow for outdoor dining. A complimentary shuttle will transport residents to the nearby Texas Medical Center.
City Council President Quilla Talmadge said the council wanted to see how the technology actually works, but a demonstration planned for Tuesday got cancelled, the second such instance in less than a week.
Tryouts for all cheer teams at Los Gatos High will be held May 2-4.
The Newman Farm Pork 2 Ways has been on the menu since the restaurant opened. I recently tasted iteration No. 15, a lustrous citrus-juniper brined pork rib eye and a tender shoulder braised in a concoction of house-made sweet vermouth and sumac-infused bourbon with toasty notes.
The jockeying is a sign of other European governments' frustration with German dominance at the height of the euro-zone debt crisis last year—and a desire for a more multipolar Europe, which even some Germans would welcome.
ST. CHARLES IMPERIAL DANCE CLUB has lessons that start on the first Wednesday of the month for beginners and intermediates of all ages at Elks Lodge, 1163 Tom Ginnever Ave., O'Fallon. Lessons start the first Wednesday of the each month and cost a minimal of $25 for non-members the first month and $35 for additional lessons. Lessons begin at 6:45 p.m. and partners are not required. Open dancing takes place from 7:45-10 p.m. A monthly dance will take place on the fourth Wednesday of each month. For more information, go to
The group began with 14 organizations. Then it grew to around 50 and began to collect and fill backpacks for students to take home on the weekends.
1 large Red Delicious apple, cored and coarsely chopped
BJ Customs 15, Collins’ Appliance 3
A few of the high schools did remarkably better than others at keeping at-risk students on track, yet their practices have yet to be showcased, let alone pressed upon other far-less-successful schools -- part of the district's long-standing culture of letting schools choose their own paths and hesitating to call out any schools' success for fear of hurting feelings at those that aren't as good.
8 RAVENS POINTE $157,000
When it comes to cosmetic skin treatments, it seems like something new comes along every few months.
“Once” leads the pack at this year’s Tony Awards, with 11 nominations, including Best Musical and honors for leading actor, leading actress, direction and book. Other top shows, with eight of more, were “Follies,” “The Gershwins’ Porgy and Bess,” “Newsies,” “Nice Work If You Can Get It,” and “Peter and the Starcatcher.”
"Farmers grow locally, and artist participation is considered by a juried panel. The O'Fallon Farmers and Artists Market is not a flea market. Rather, it provides an outlet for our community to easily purchase from area growers and support local economy. We are a nonprofit organization that is not funded by tax dollars. Rather, it was started by a group of citizens in the community. The market invites involvement from community organizations and provides an avenue for education," Glidden said.
Councilmember Jay Schenirer said he toured the encampment recently and met some of those sleeping outside.
Which is fine - not every bar targets every demographic. But in an effort to fit in, I wore my cap backward.
1972-73 - Tom Heinsohn, Boston
She said Centrum folks indicated they hoped to bring a redevelopment plan with more details before the city at a board meeting the last week of March.
O'Fallon posted a 206.6 average with 12,396 pins, 425 behind Andrew.
And he did get it back, passing Denny Hamlin for 10th place on lap 168.
I don't want to say all foodies are dingbats because that would be unfair. And all dingbats are not foodies.
* When blame falls on Arab
Lemon: 1 tablespoon
She wants a divorce because he won't agree to leave the country. He won't leave the country because he needs to care for his father, who's stricken with Alzheimer's. The judge won't grant a divorce because their complaints, he explains, don't merit it.
The candidates have given their coach a churning stomach by making it difficult to distinguish who deserves to be in the boat. The fierce competition, though, also has fed optimism that no matter who wins the spots the Americans will have a crew worthy of another Olympic medal.
Christie on Wednesday exploited differences in the two Democratic-sponsored plan while embracing the proposal put forth by Senate President Steve Sweeney, which is closest to his own.
A hopped-up town
The 1982 Nuclear Waste Policy Act charged the U.S. Department of Energy to build and operate an underground disposal facility called a geologic repository. Since the late 1970s - and exclusively for the past two decades - the search for a long-term storage for a nuclear waste repository has focused on Yucca Mountain. Then that effort crumbled amid legal challenges, concerns over how to transport nuclear waste to the facility and political pressures.
English teacher Lynn Monaco said the school has received hundreds of banners created by students at other schools and thousands of cards from people who have written messages to show their support. Monaco began taking pictures of the signs last week and has been posting them to flickr.com. They can be viewed at flic.kr/p/bAXgDn.
Abbott said there has been tension between the future fund and the Cleveland Foundation over how the pooled money should be spent.
Anyone with the time and patience to study Winsted's reports could have discovered many red flags. With most companies, however, an investor doesn't have to play financial detective.
Getting healthy
"He's a guy you can learn from, so you can't just put him on the shelf," Tressel said.
The disconnect was "not because of different personalities but because of different visions for our country," he said, and he announced he would now seek agreement with the Democratic-controlled Senate.
Some e-mails may have been previously reviewed in other, earlier public records requests, such as in the Troopergate investigation, in which Palin was accused of putting pressure on public safety officials to fire her brother-in-law, an Alaska state trooper who was going through a bitter divorce from Palin's sister.
5. The Power of Habit: Why We Do What We Do in Life and Business, by Charles Duhigg, $28
When Sonia meets Guido, there's a wonderful wariness in their encounters. First-time feature director Giuseppe Capotondi makes this romance a tentative thing, as if first one and then the other has doubts.
Turja's son, the Rev. Martin Lundi of Bellflower, Calif., made a DVD last year about his mother's experiences, and it helps tell her story.
What do you think about the Blazers' newest acquisition? Post your comments below.
The government will report Friday on April job growth. Economists predict employers added 163,000 jobs last month, and the unemployment rate stayed at 8.2 percent.
They start in about a friend who got bucked off his horse -- and was so stubborn he wouldn't even tell his wife -- then turn back to politics.
"This is an ineffective, wasteful program that is largely unaccountable, lacks transparency and continues to rely on cruel and indiscriminate methods," said Camilla Fox, executive director of Project Coyote, a Bay Area nonprofit.
Maybe. You can apply for one locally at a library or a post office, but the U.S. State Department says what happens next is unknown. A spokesman said the agency is looking into it.
But when the opportunity presents itself, like it did in Game3 against the Chicago Blackhawks and then again in Game1 against the Predators, Klesla capitalizes on his time in the offensive zone.
Darlene Becherer and Marcia Brooks, partners in Our House Cafe, have decorated the place in warm browns and yellows and black and white floor tiles. Framed prints of New Orleans and a bookshelf filled with paperbacks compliment the look.
"But with the Internet, it's a whole different world," said Peters, a former lawyer who just reactivated her license. "It just takes one or two people like us who are the anal-retentive, compulsive people to do all the work, and are magnanimous enough to say: 'Here you are! Go get 'em. You do it, too!'"
"The risk is the subplot that Michael Jackson's demise began when he got hurt on the Pepsi shoot," says youth consultant Marian Salzman. "So they need to have the thick skin to weather this." Even then, Salzman says, "He could be a great bridge between Pepsi Past and Pepsi Future."
Cuyahoga County Board of Elections director Jane Platten, who held the job during the investigation of crossover voters four years ago, said she hasn’t heard rumblings of malicious intentions to switch parties heading into the primary.
Driving can bring out the worst in us.
Last video that made you snort with laughter? The scene in that show "Workaholics," where the guys are shrooming in the office and they try to capture the IT guys with the "web of ethernet cables."
Her qualifications include the uncommon respect she has earned among the region's criminal defense lawyers. There are some naysayers, but they are in the minority.
There are few choices for tenants seeking large blocks of space in the downtown market, said Barry Dorfman, president and market director for Jones Lang LaSalle's Rocky Mountain region. Those that are looking are considering developing their own buildings.
øNot that there aren't minefields in this organizing world. Clients often come with their own baggage, and we're not talking luggage here.
Because the majority of its rooms will be six-person suites, the Art of Animation Resort will have roughly the same capacity as Pop Century, which has 2,800 conventional rooms. Ads by Google
With that backdrop European shares have struggled, failing to sustain a recovery in the prior session. Britain's FTSE 100 fell 0.2 percent to 5,642. Germany's DAX slipped 0.9 percent to 6,512 and France's CAC-40 dropped 1.8 percent to 3,157.
There isn't a lot of research out there on the health benefits of Hellerwork. There is, however, plenty on two of its basic components -- massage and one-on-one "talk therapy."
He and Glenna supported many civic organizations and charities, including the Phoenix Symphony, the Arizona Opera, the Phoenix Art Museum and the National Kidney Foundation of Arizona, where Glenna served nearly 30 years as its executive director.
No matter how great the potential for doing good -- from promoting a green economy to hiring the hard to employ -- deconstruction in Cleveland hasn't been able to survive without public subsidies.
From the moment home prices peaked in July 2006 to recession's end, the downturn hit with frightening intensity.
Every day, nurses say, one or two babies at the hospital die as Mankuebe did -- bypassed in a place where AIDS overshadows other concerns.
He said he had nothing to hide — "My skeletons are not in the closet, they are on the front lawn!" — but that on principle he did not think he would submit to the background check.
2. "Battleship," $22.5 million.
"Then the next year I met kids my age from Berkeley High School who were just ridiculous and I asked them 'How do you play so good?' They said, 'Practice.' So I started practicing a lot more, hanging with guys who were taking it seriously. I jumped in with the right crowd."
In his acceptance speech for the Ohioana Award, Condon wrote, "What I oppose is the hushed, carpeted fearful approach to history and those who made history. There is the air of the funeral parlor in most of our history books, and perhaps the sound of some rinky-tink piano is what we need to break the sad spell and bring history to its feet again. Only in life is there any hope for history."
"Thanks to the personnel at Chase Bank, Independence, your support made our move from California to Ohio so much easier"
"Less than that, some places," Chester said. "The towns I worked, sometimes they still had small hotels open, where you could get a room for $3."
While Christie did not mention social issues in his veto last month, Democrats have said the move was based on ideology. The bill specifically says clinics, which provide birth control and health screenings, cannot use the money for abortions.
During the 1980 primary race for a full term as commissioner, Brown's county car flipped over on the way to a candidates' forum in Bay Village. His jaw was wired shut until the day before the primary. His opponent accused him of illegal use of public property for a campaign. But Brown claimed he'd planned to discuss a county health and human services levy. He won the nomination and went on to beat Hagan in November.
He has been receptive to both the Gateway project and extending the No. 7 subway — which goes to Citi Field in Queens — to New Jersey.
Waitz had lowered her personal best to 2:24:54 by the time she won her ninth New York marathon, six weeks after an injury kept her from finishing the 1988 Olympic marathon.
But Obama said that lower fuel usage -- thanks to much better mileage -- will offset the costs, based on government projections that gasoline will cost $3.50 a gallon in 2016.
moving soon to 4584 Laclede Avenue in the Central West End).
On Tuesday, when asked if he'd had any contact with Williams over the last several weeks, Payton bluntly replied: "I have not."
'GOLD RUSH'
Broadnax shot back, "So, you're asking us to sit back and not do what the county executive has charged us to do? Let the assessor arbitrarily raise people's tax liabilities and then pawn it off on the state?"
"We had an extraordinary tragedy this past week, an attack on public life in America," he said.
Also, since 2007, government spending has jumped $1.1 trillion, but only $200 billion was needed to cover inflation — the $900 billion additional was new programs and benefits and higher pay. That has increased federal spending's share of gross domestic product from 19.6 percent to more than 25 percent.
The state is seeking a larger bond on the Mayfair, and taxes on the Central West End hotel are still outstanding. Last week, a judge put that hotel into receivership over a second lawsuit filed against it by Pulaski Bank. Moriarty set another hearing May 29 on the taxes for both hotels.
Through her research, which culminated in an Emmy-winning PBS documentary, "Children of the Camps," she discovered that post-traumatic stress scarred the lives of Nisei and their Sansei children in the years after they were released from camp.
For now, the mom said she is trying to be "really, really stoic. But I go through these waves where I'm stunned and not feeling so good. I can't cry because I'm so busy keeping my eye on her."
Kelley is among the panelists speaking at a Lowell, Mass., conference this week about best practices in urban design. Kelley will be joined by speakers from Asheville, N.C., Milwaukie, Wis., and Belfast, Northern Ireland, all considered "innovative cities," according to a conference news release.
Nielsen, which tracks about 70 percent of book sales but doesn't include Walmart stores.
Drug paraphernalia was not found in the residence nor in the man's car and the homeowner said he was unsure where the man initially injected himself, according to the police report.
Again, fans, nice job, but this is only the beginning.
The company lowered its sales forecast for the current quarter to $41 million to $42 million, compared with the $47 million that analysts expected.
Hailed as "a singing mural of Latin-American life" by the New York Times, the show nabbed the 2008 Tony Award for best musical and the 2008 Grammy Award for its original-cast recording.
James D. Sasser is equally accomplished as Jamie, singing and moving well. Even when he frankly tells Cathy, “I won’t lose because you can’t win,” he somehow manages not to seem cruel. Sasser shows that being the person who’s doing the dumping isn’t easy either.
"Oh, boy, we're headed home," the former Massachusetts governor said as he stood in the aisle of the campaign charter plane that has carried him to Ohio, Idaho, Washington state and back to Ohio in the past week alone.
Malkin suggested that random record checks would suffice. But Cagen disagreed, particularly for pre-1970 pipelines that were built with welds with a history of failure. Unlike newer lines, those pipes were not required to be tested with high-pressure water before being installed.
If I don't have your attention yet, let me share with you the statistic that keeps me up at night as a parent of four. Ninety percent of all sexually abused children know their abuser. That means, we need to protect our children from the people they love and trust. How? How can we possibly do that? I agree it is daunting, but nothing could possibly be more important.
for the flavor of coconut, but in this beer, it works. Paired with German chocolate cake or coconut cream pie, this porter from Hawaii promises to deliver a tropical smile. It's worth the effort to seek out via trade or online.
DK: I am interested.
He was a champion of outdoor culture, and his businesses, the only privately owned operations in the 650,000-acre expanse, attracted everyone from truant school children to Hollywood stars.
Karan, who has been practicing yoga since she was 18, first created the Urban Zen Foundation to advocate for combining Eastern and alternative healing therapies with Western medicine. In 2009, the foundation went further, and launched the Urban Zen Integrative Therapy Program to advocate for a more holistic approach to health care. Recent meetings have included well-known doctors such as Mehmet Oz, Dean Ornish and Mark Hyman, who share with Karan beliefs about incorporating Eastern wisdom and practices into Western medicine.
The Rams should be able to locate solutions. Sure, it would be nice to find a few gold nuggets, but at this point I'd be OK with solid, dependable competence in the Rams' war room.
We remain very much at war in Afghanistan.
Outside the stadium fence are railroad-tie steps up the hillside, and several halfway up have settled into an irregular shape. The corresponding concrete steps on the other side of the fence used to be cracked and displaced, and Hellweg is impressed that they've recently been rebuilt.
Rousseff's party still balks at the word "privatization," with many officials asserting that the airport deal was only a "concession." That attitude is a reflection of a backlash across Latin America against U.S.-backed "neoliberal" free-market policies that dominated the region in the 1980s and '90s.
Meanwhile, teachers and board members lauded how the contract was negotiated this year. The talks included a facilitator and a limited number of negotiating sessions. School board members also sat in.
If sign-and-trades are barred, the chances of them being traded this season go down as any team that gets them would be doing so knowing it could lose them at the end of the season, making them rent-a-stars.
ELIZABETH — A day before steep toll hikes are voted on, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie says he and New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo are working on alternatives.
Hey, Tom: Choo was eligible for arbitration. That means his 2012 salary was based not only on his 2011 season, but the consistency of his career. He had one bad season in 2011 preceded by two excellent seasons in 2010 and 2009. The arbitration process is also influenced by Choo's peers -- outfielders with the same amount of service time. Salaries of these players are compared and weighed against what Choo is making and seeking.
Survivors: Wife, the former Anita Beitner; sons, Benjamin of Washington, D.C., and Elliot of Chicago; mother, Miriam of Northbrook, Ill.; a brother and a sister.
Similarly, accounting firm Ernst & Young, says it plans to recruit recent graduates to fill 5,000 full-time jobs and internships in the United States and Canada.
It's pantry power.
Increasingly, the world belongs to those collecting capital gains. They're the ones who demanded and got massive tax cuts in 2001 and 2003 on the false promise that the gains would "trickle down" to everyone else in the form of more jobs and better wages. They're now advocating austerity economics on the false premise that cuts in public spending -- including education, infrastructure and safety nets -- will generate more "confidence" and "certainty" among lenders and investors, and also lead to more jobs and better wages.
Now, the links...
Estee Lauder Bronze Goddess line
By being caught stealing at home, Greene ended what had been a remarkable streak of stealing. Greene was successful in his first 17 attempts to swipe a base in the majors, a stretch dating back to 2009.
Haas has his doubts.
"I just think Sean's a better candidate," Robuck said. "I don't want to go on the record as to why."
A: That you don't need a "world full of YES" to quote Roxie… but a "YES" at the right time can change your life as it did me when I accepted this part! I took a risk and I am so glad I did! I have gotten to experience the whole Broadway world from the inside and it's the most delightful community of talented and generous people.
At about 1:20 a.m. the body was covered in a white sheet, another eyewitness reported.
Celebrity chef Guy Fieri's Lamborghini sports car, stolen more than a year ago, has been recovered.
The market side of this ambitious place features more than 100 prepared items, along with homemade baked goods and gelato, olive oils, wines and cheeses. Takeout meals are sized for individuals and families, from salads to lasagna and Bombay chicken. The food is prepared by top chefs; its taste confirms this.
“Because,” you will say, “I have seen the young Seaver, the young Doctor, the young Straw, the young Reyes. Because I have seen Keith Hernandez as a young man make me shout by fielding a bunt and throwing to third base, and I have seen Hernandez middle age make me laugh with an acerbic comment.
He jumped in his tiny skiff, raced out to the pair, got them on his boat, and dropped them on the undamaged section of the dock, where the Coast Guard and others waited to help them. Right about then, another surge rushed in. Shane got the boat docked and himself on dry land just in time, then watched as the waters threatened to sink his skiff.
"If we keep working together like we've been doing these past six weeks," Perron said, "we're hopeful the burglars will get the message that Palo Alto homes are not easy pickings."
This season, Johnson has played in just 20 games, averaging 1.6 points and 0.9 rebounds in 4.7 minutes.
"People really like that village green approach," Zuleger said.
"School goes so fast," Theisen said this week. "It was four years, and I was like: 'Oh my gosh, I can't believe four years are done.' It flew past so fast.'"
